KILMENY OF THE ORCHARD
Transcriber 's Note :
the Queen 's Wake JAMES HOGG
the Master of Lindsay School IV .
a Lover and His Lass XII .
David Baker 's Opinion XVII .
KILMENY OF THE ORCHARD
CHAPTER I THE THOUGHTS OF YOUTH
he has missed his birthright .
Eric Marshall and David Baker walked away together .
physically the two men bore no resemblance to one another , although they were second cousins .
he was a rich man 's son , with a clean young manhood behind him and splendid prospects before him .
he had won his way to success through difficulties and drawbacks which would have daunted most men .
thirteen years later he graduated with high honors from Queenslea Medical College .
he had followed Eric 's college course with keen , watchful interest .
yes , I am going into the business .
why , I 'm full of it it 's bubbling in every pore of me .
I mean to make the department store of Marshall & Company famous from ocean to ocean .
father started in life as a poor boy from a Nova Scotian farm .
he has built up a business that has a provincial reputation .
I mean to carry it on .
in five years it shall have a maritime reputation , in ten , a Canadian .
I want to make the firm of Marshall & Company stand for something big in the commercial interests of Canada .
Whew , this street takes it out of a fellow !
what could have possessed our ancestors to run a town up the side of a hill ?
I 'm not so slim and active as I was on MY graduation day ten years ago .
times have changed with a vengeance , judging from the line-up of co-eds to-day .
by many she is considered the beauty of her class .
I don't greatly care for that blonde , babyish style of loveliness I prefer Agnes Campion .
she 's not hard to find .
nine out of ten girls in this country of ours are fit for kings ' palaces .
perhaps she overdid the worrying business a little , but she was perfectly right in principle .
but he checked himself .
and it is precisely such unchancy happenings that make the scheme of things go wrong .
I liked her looks , that I did .
she is as good as engaged to Larry West .
he is working his own way through college , you know .
for the past two years he has been teaching school in some out-of-the-way place over in Prince Edward Island .
I haven't heard from him since February .
I hope Larry won't break down .
well , here we are .
I must mosey up to the North End to see a man who has got a lovely throat .
nobody can find out what is the matter .
he has puzzled all the doctors .
a LETTER OF DESTINY
Mrs Williamson is She-Who-Must-Be-Obeyed .
I am not to be allowed to do any work until the fall .
come over and take the school till the end of the term , you petted son of luxury .
the work isn't hard , though you 'll likely find it monotonous .
of course , this little north-shore farming settlement isn't a very lively place .
he is an amusing old gossip , with a turn for racy comment and a finger in everybody 's pie .
he knows everything about everybody in Lindsay for three generations back .
you will never be forgiven and he will not consider you a fit person to have charge of the school .
Mr Marshall , Senior , came in , just as Eric was thoughtfully folding up his letter .
she had died while still young , when Eric was a boy of ten .
and then those girls were as pretty as pinks , now weren't they ?
Agnes was the finest-looking of the lot in my opinion .
he hectored me all the way home from the college on the subject .
there has never been one since your mother died .
I am tired of housekeepers .
but you never LOVED any woman until you met my mother .
I know that , father .
let's drop the subject , father .
he was a decent fellow .
but I am not going over in search of excitement .
go if you 'd like to .
you need a rest after the grind of examinations before settling down to business .
however , I expect your mother 's son to behave himself in the fear of God and man .
THE MASTER OF LINDSAY SCHOOL
the whole world seemed to have fallen , for the time being , into a pleasant untroubled dream .
it is an exhilarating thought .
Larry must certainly have possessed a marked gift for organizing and drilling .
I feel as if I were merely a big cog in an orderly machine that ran itself .
they may make things more interesting .
his opening sentence made Eric 's face twitch mutinously whenever he recalled it during the day .
the distant hills and wooded uplands were tremulous and aerial in delicate spring-time gauzes of pearl and purple .
Eric admitted that he was .
Mrs Reid reflected that this young man had a way with him .
Eric surveyed them with some curiosity .
they did not look in the least like the ordinary run of Lindsay people .
he was evidently tall , with a spare , ungainly figure , and stooping shoulders .
indeed , the idea of smiling could not be connected with this man it was utterly incongruous .
a TEA TABLE CONVERSATION
Eric did not disturb this belief , although he said nothing to contribute to it .
the Williamsons were at tea in the kitchen when Eric went in .
Eric liked her greatly .
old Robert Williamson sat opposite him , on a bench .
when he spoke his voice was as thin and squeaky as he appeared to be himself .
keep any of the youngsters in ?
that 's a foolish way of punishing them , as hard on yourself as on them .
one teacher we had four years ago used to lock them in and go home .
then he 'd go back in an hour and let them out if they were there .
they weren't always .
Tom Ferguson kicked the panels out of the old door once and got out that way .
don't beat him too often , even if you can .
he tries to run on every new teacher and he 's run two clean out of the school .
but he met his match in Mr West .
it 's effective .
take some preserve , Master .
mother , Aleck says old George Wright is having the time of his life .
he 's on a regular orgy , Aleck says .
I reckon the man you mean is Thomas Gordon .
HE won't be troubling you with invitations up , small fear of it .
no , sir !
you 've hit the nail square on the head .
Italyun , yes , sir !
the country was swarming with them then .
a baby was born the next day , and the woman died .
the Gordons were left with the fine youngster to their hands .
anyhow , they kept the baby .
he 's always lived there .
they did well enough by him .
some folks think they made too much of him .
Neil 's smart and a great worker , they tell me .
but folks hereabouts don't like him .
but they say he takes sulky spells when he hasn't a word to throw to a dog .
you know the Gordons ain't like other people and never were and never will be .
Lord , Master , think of it !
what chanct would a poor mouse have ?
none of the rest of us are queer , leastwise , we hain't found it out if we are .
there , give your old man a cup of tea and never mind the way his tongue runs on .
so they stuck it out , on opposite sides of the parlour .
Mrs Foster says she never spent such an uncomfortable afternoon in all her life before .
she would talk a spell to one and then t'other .
master , you ain't eating anything .
my hired boy went home to-day .
shortly before sunset that evening Eric went for a walk .
the farms ran back from them into solitudes of woods and pasture lands .
the ghosts of these things seem to linger in their old haunts through many empty years .
old paths were still visible , bordered by stones and large pebbles .
between them was a bed ablow with the starry spikes of June lilies .
along the fence rosebushes grew , but it was as yet too early in the season for roses .
he had a wide outlook to the west , over far hazy fields and misty blue intervales .
Robins were whistling , clear and sweet and sudden , in the woods all about him .
I wonder if perfume could set a man drunk .
Eric started up and listened .
was he dreaming ?
then a very natural curiosity overcame him .
and who was playing so here , in this deserted old orchard , of all places in the world ?
her eyes were on the faraway horizon and she did not see Eric .
for a few moments he stood there and looked at her .
her loveliness was so perfect that his breath almost went from him in his first delight of it .
her skin was as fine and purely tinted as the heart of a white rose .
the sudden change that swept over her was startling .
every hint of colour fled from her face and she trembled like one of the wind-stirred June lilies .
in his eagerness to reassure her he took an unconscious step forward .
before Eric could recover his wits she had vanished from his sight among the firs .
who was she ?
WHAT was she ?
can it be possible that she is a Lindsay girl ?
now that I have come to think of it , there is something quite uncanny about the place .
anything might happen here .
it is no common orchard for the production of marketable apples , that is plain to be seen .
he glanced about it with a whimsical smile .
the light was fading rapidly and the orchard was full of soft , creeping shadows and silences .
it seemed to wink sleepy eyes of impish enjoyment at his perplexity .
he laid the violin bow down on the old bench .
but I certainly wish she hadn't fled in such evident terror .
eyes like hers were never meant to express anything but tenderness and trust .
all the way home , over fields and pastures that were beginning to be moonlight silvered he pondered the mystery .
what were their names ?
can she be one of them ?
well , there is some bewitchment in the affair .
of that I 'm convinced .
but Eric found that it was impossible to forget all about it .
the girl 's exquisite face haunted him and the mystery of her tantalized him .
but somehow , to his own surprise , he found that he shrank from doing this .
he had planned to go to the harbour the next evening .
one of the lobstermen had promised to take him out cod-fishing .
but instead he wandered southwest over the fields again .
it was still the same fragrant , grassy , wind-haunted spot .
the keenness of his disappointment surprised him , nay more , it vexed him .
naturally a man liked to look at a pretty face .
he called himself a fool and went home in a petulant mood .
the next day was Sunday and Eric went to church twice .
he was well-dressed in a suit of dark blue serge , with a white collar and tie .
he was too obviously dressed up , and he looked coarser and more out of harmony with his surroundings .
for two days Eric refused to let himself think of the orchard .
Monday evening he went cod-fishing , and Tuesday evening he went up to play checkers with Alexander Tracy .
Alexander won all the games so easily that he never had any respect for Eric Marshall again .
THE STORY OF KILMENY
Wednesday evening Eric went to the orchard again ; and again he was disappointed .
he went home , determined to solve the mystery by open inquiry .
she looked at Eric with quiet affection in her large , candid eyes .
she had liked Mr West .
their house and barns were burned down and they sold the land to Thomas Gordon and went to live in town .
they 're both dead now .
Mr Connors used to be very proud of his orchard .
I have no idea who she was .
Mrs Williamson did not make an immediate reply .
she laid down her knitting and gazed out of the window as if pondering seriously some question in her own mind .
there is no other house near that orchard and I 've heard she plays the violin .
if it was Kilmeny you 've seen what very few people in Lindsay have ever seen , Master .
and those few have never seen her close by .
I have never laid eyes on her myself .
it 's no wonder she ran away , poor girl .
Eric sat in dismayed silence for a moment .
I never heard anything like it .
she picked up her knitting and fell to work again .
she can hear as well as anybody and understands everything that is said to her .
the truth is , nobody knows much about her .
I suppose the Gordons look on her existence as a sort of disgrace .
for my own part , I think it 's terrible , the way she 's been brought up .
but the Gordons are very strange people , Mr Marshall .
I kind of reproved father for saying so , you remember , but it is true .
they have very strange ways .
and you 've really seen Kilmeny ?
what does she look like ?
I 've heard that she was handsome .
Kilmeny is the niece of Thomas and Janet Gordon .
her mother was Margaret Gordon , their younger sister .
old James Gordon came out from Scotland .
they were kind and honest people , even if they were a little peculiar .
she was friendly and gay and liked social life .
they were real fond of their stepmother , I 've heard .
then , six years after she was married , the second Mrs Gordon died too .
she died when Margaret was born .
they say James Gordon almost broke his heart over it .
she and Thomas just worshipped the child and so did their father .
I knew Margaret Gordon well once .
we were just the same age and we set together in school .
we were always good friends until she turned against all the world .
she had some bitter enemies , but she had some devoted friends too .
that was her way .
those who did love her would have gone through fire and water for her .
everybody who saw her looked at her a second time .
and she was proud , oh , she was very proud .
you couldn't budge her an inch , Master , when she once had made up her mind on any point .
she could sing like an angel and she was very clever .
I wish you 'd light the lamp , Master .
Eric rose and lighted the lamp , rather wondering at Mrs Williamson 's unusual exhibition of nerves .
she was generally so calm and composed .
that 's better .
I won't be fancying now that Margaret Gordon 's here listening to what I 'm saying .
I had the feeling so strong a moment ago .
Margaret had never had a beau before .
she didn't believe in going with anybody unless it was somebody she thought everything of .
and there was nobody in Lindsay she cared that much for .
he was a widower , although he was only a young man .
he had set up store-keeping in Radnor and was doing well .
he was real handsome and had taking ways women like .
Margaret looked lovely that day , so gentle and womanly .
they made as handsome a couple as I ever saw .
I saw that plain enough one time I was there and he brought Margaret home from Radnor Friday night .
I guess they wouldn't have liked anybody , though , who come after Margaret .
they thought nobody was good enough for her .
Margaret always liked to make a display .
I was her bridesmaid , Master .
she wouldn't wear white flowers ; she said they looked too much like funeral flowers .
she looked like a picture .
it almost made me feel frightened .
Margaret had a nice house , and was gay and happy .
then well , Ronald Fraser 's first wife turned up looking for him !
she wasn't dead after all .
the talk and gossip was something dreadful .
every one you met had a different story , and it was hard to get at the truth .
some said Ronald Fraser had known all the time that his wife wasn't dead , and had deceived Margaret .
but I don't think he did .
he swore he didn't .
they hadn't been very happy together , it seems .
her mother made trouble between them .
when she found out Ronald thought her dead she and her mother agreed to let him think so .
but I 've always felt it was true .
Margaret didn't think so , though .
she turned against him and hated him just as much as she had loved him before .
they said he just died of a broken heart , nothing more nor less .
not a soul outside of her own family ever saw her again .
I went to see her , but Janet told me she wouldn't see me .
Janet and Thomas felt the disgrace , too .
he never held his head up again after the scandal .
she was never taken to church or sent to school .
but they didn't see her .
the coffin lid was screwed down .
and they didn't see Kilmeny either .
she must have had a very sad , lonely life .
the name suits her .
she is as lovely and innocent as the heroine of the old ballad .
he tried to put her out of his thoughts , but he could not .
the memory of her beautiful face drew him with a power he could not resist .
the next evening he went again to the orchard .
a ROSE OF WOMANHOOD
she was there , bending over the bed of June lilies in the centre of the garden plot .
he could only see her profile , virginal and white .
he stopped , not wishing to startle her again .
he realized her entire innocence and simplicity .
looking earnestly into her still troubled eyes he said ,
all men are not wicked , although it is too true that some are so .
my name is Eric Marshall and I am teaching in the Lindsay school .
I did not bring my violin with me .
but I will bring it to-morrow evening and play for you if you would like to hear me .
but why should she hide them ?
they were as pure and beautiful as herself .
Eric smiled back at her with equal frankness .
but if it is at all damp or unpleasant you must not come .
in that case another evening will do .
he must not let himself think nonsense .
these June lilies are the sweetest flowers the spring brings us .
she looked pleased and interested .
I never thought of it being the same as my dear June lilies .
I am glad you told me .
I love flowers very much .
I could not imagine who or what you were .
she sat down beside him on the old bench and looked unshrinkingly in his face .
then she wrote ,
I was afraid to come back here the next evening .
and yet , somehow , I wanted to come .
I did not want you to think I did not know how to behave .
I sent Neil back for my bow in the morning .
I could not do without it .
I cannot speak , you know .
that is my name .
it would make me feel as if I were not myself but somebody else .
and you do not seem like a stranger to me .
do you know that I was called after my grandmother and she was called after a girl in a poem ?
aunt Janet has never liked my name , although she liked my grandmother .
but I am glad you like both my name and me .
she looked pleased .
but he saw she did not understand him .
it just came as I thought .
it has always been that way .
my violin once belonged to Neil , but he gave it to me .
Neil is very good and kind to me , but I like you better .
the wonder of her grew upon him with every passing moment .
what dear little ways and gestures she had ways and gestures as artless and unstudied as they were effective .
they lingered in the orchard until the long , languid shadows of the trees crept to their feet .
she did not know what a novel meant and had never heard of one .
after mother died Aunt Janet gave me all her books .
Eric nodded .
then she told me all .
but when I did I thought them so beautiful .
her great blue eyes gleamed with interest and delight .
I have read mine over so often that I know them nearly all by heart .
there is always plenty for me to do , helping Aunt Janet about the house .
and then , when I am not helping her , I have my dear , dear violin .
that is all the company I want .
I do not want to go anywhere away from home .
I do not want ever to see strangers or have them see me .
he thought that possibly the consciousness of her defect accounted for this .
yet she did not seem sensitive about her dumbness and made frequent casual references to it in her written remarks .
or perhaps it was the shadow on her birth .
at last the lengthening shadows warned him that it was time to go .
when Eric reached home old Robert Williamson was having a lunch of bread and milk in the kitchen .
he looked up , with a friendly grin , as Eric strode in , whistling .
AT THE GATE OF EDEN
when it was finished she dropped her bow , and looked up at him with flushed cheeks and questioning eyes .
it is a very beautiful evening .
she clapped her hands , looking like a pleased child .
you are quicker than Neil .
he is almost always puzzled to understand my music , and I am puzzled to understand his .
sometimes it frightens me .
somehow Eric did not like her references to Neil .
he put the thought away from him , and flung himself down on the long grass at her feet .
he could not tell which was the greater pleasure .
her beauty , more wonderful than any pictured loveliness he had ever seen , delighted him .
her music enthralled him .
this child , he told himself as he listened , had genius .
but it was being wholly wasted .
now it was probably too late .
then she drifted into a still sweeter strain .
it is your turn now .
do you remember a promise you made me last night ?
he had no doubts about the poetry .
he read her some of the poems .
then he talked to her of his college days and friends .
the minutes passed very swiftly .
it fell on Eric 's ear with a shock of surprise .
was it possible that it could be removed ?
she shook her head .
she said it would be no use .
when I am pleased or frightened I have made little cries .
but it is only when I am not thinking of it at all that I can do that .
this seemed to Eric more mysterious than ever .
do not look so sorry , my friend .
I must play to you again .
Eric smiled ; but the puzzled look returned to his face many times that evening .
he walked home in a brown study .
but I suppose that is out of the question .
THE STRAIGHT SIMPLICITY OF EVE
at every meeting her beauty came home afresh to him with the old thrill of glad surprise .
she was never in the same mood twice .
but she was always charming .
all the ugliness of existence had passed her by , shrined in her double solitude of upbringing and muteness .
she was naturally quick and clever .
delightful little flashes of wit and humour sparkled out occasionally .
sometimes innocent mischief glimmered out in the unfathomable deeps of her blue eyes .
hers was the spear of Ithuriel , trying out the dross of everything and leaving only the pure gold .
in manner and outlook she was still a child .
her way of smiling enchanted him .
he knew everything about her life .
she told him her simple history freely .
she often mentioned her uncle and aunt and seemed to regard them with deep affection .
she rarely spoke of her mother .
of Neil , she wrote frequently at first , and seemed very fond of him .
later she ceased to mention him .
once she asked him naively ,
she looked gravely at him .
this was a beautiful , passionate idyl exquisitely told .
but it hurt me , too .
I did not know that a person could like anything that hurt her .
I do not know why it hurt me .
I felt as if I had lost something that I never had .
that was a very silly feeling , was it not ?
but I did not understand the book very well , you see .
it is about love and I do not know anything about love .
but your book teaches that it is a blessing .
it says that it is the most splendid and wonderful thing in life .
but the sun is going down .
time does certainly fly in this enchanted orchard .
I believe you bewitch the moments away , Kilmeny .
will you let me give you this book ?
I should never commit the sacrilege of reading it in any other place than this .
it is an old book , Kilmeny .
this was one of my mother 's books .
she read it and loved it .
see the faded rose leaves she placed in it one day are there still .
she took her pencil and wrote slowly , unlike her usual quick movement .
I shall not need anything to make me remember you because I can never forget you .
I do not want to read it again .
nobody will ever love me .
I have known it for a long time .
mother told me that I was very ugly and that nobody would ever like to look at me .
I am sorry .
I hated to think that YOU would think me ugly .
and that is why I do not want to go out into the world and meet people .
he stared at me so .
Eric 's lips twitched .
Eric 's face went down into the grass .
instead , when he dared to look up he said slowly ,
do not let us speak of this again .
it makes me feel sorry and spoils everything .
I forget it at other times .
never mind about your looks , Kilmeny .
Kilmeny was aware of it , however , and she picked up her violin with a pleased smile .
a girl of eighteen who has never looked in a mirror !
what could have possessed her mother to tell her such a falsehood ?
I wonder if Margaret Gordon could have been quite sane .
it is strange that Neil has never told her the truth .
he looked secretive and suspicious , almost sinister .
plainly nothing was to be found out from him about Kilmeny and her grim guardians .
one evening in late June Mrs Williamson was sitting by her kitchen window .
I always did hate meddling .
but I guess it 's my duty .
overhead in his room , Eric was walking about whistling .
presently he came downstairs , thinking of the orchard , and the girl who would be waiting for him there .
as he crossed the little front entry he heard Mrs Williamson 's voice calling to him .
he went out to the kitchen .
Mrs Williamson looked at him deprecatingly .
there was a flush on her faded cheek and her voice trembled .
perhaps you will think it isn't any of my business .
but it isn't because I want to meddle .
no , no .
it is only because I think I ought to speak .
for a moment an angry flush burned in Eric 's face .
even my husband doesn't know .
but you may do her great harm for all that .
I want you to stop and think about it .
I guess you haven't thought .
Kilmeny can't know anything about the world or about men , and she may get to thinking too much of you .
that might break her heart , because you couldn't ever marry a dumb girl like her .
so I don't think you ought to be meeting her so often in this fashion .
it isn't right , Master .
without a word Eric turned away , and went upstairs to his room .
Mrs Williamson picked up her knitting with a sigh .
Mr Marshall is a fine young man , only a little thoughtless .
now that he 's got his eyes opened I 'm sure he 'll do what is right .
Seth 'll quiet down as soon as he finds he can't run the Master .
he 's a rare good teacher better'n Mr West was even , and that 's saying something .
the trustees are hoping he 'll stay for another term .
Mrs Williamson 's words had torn away the delusive veil with which he had bound his eyes .
he wondered how he could have been so long blind to it .
he knew that he must have loved her ever since their first meeting that May evening in the old orchard .
nothing should part them .
I cannot realize that a month ago I did not know her .
it seems to me that she has been a part of my life for ever .
if she does , she does not know it herself yet .
he consented unhesitatingly .
that evening he went to Mrs Williamson , as she washed her tea dishes in the kitchen .
she looked at him reproachfully .
I suppose it wouldn't be of any use if I had .
an expression of amazement came into the good woman 's face .
she looked scrutinizingly at the firm mouth and steady gray eyes for a moment .
then she said in a troubled voice ,
when he sees Kilmeny he will understand .
Mrs Williamson surveyed the handsome , broad-shouldered young man shrewdly .
I hope you won't have any trouble with Thomas and Janet .
they are so different from other folks there is no knowing .
it was merely thoughtlessness on my part .
possibly they do know already .
they 'd never have let her go on meeting you there if they had known .
I know them too well to think of that for a moment .
that is your best plan , Master .
people say he has a notion of Kilmeny himself .
she watched Eric out of sight anxiously .
Kilmeny must be very pretty to have bewitched him so .
well , I suppose there is no use in my worrying over it .
a LOVER AND HIS LASS
when Eric stepped through the gap she ran to meet him with outstretched hands , smiling .
she looked down , and a warm blush strained the ivory curves of her cheek and throat .
his heart bounded , for in that blush he recognized the banner of love 's vanguard .
why do you ask ?
you know I am always glad to see you .
I was afraid you would not come .
you did not come last night and I was so sorry .
nothing in the orchard seemed nice any longer .
I couldn't even play .
I couldn't come last night .
some day I shall tell you why .
I stayed home to learn a new lesson .
she nodded again , with a return of her usual sweet composure .
it was a delightful lesson when I once understood it .
I must try to teach it to you some day .
come over to the old bench , Kilmeny .
there is something I want to say to you .
she shook her head almost violently and seemed to be making a passionate , instinctive effort to speak .
you do not understand .
they would be very angry .
they do not want to see any one coming to the house .
and they would never let me come here again .
releasing her hands , she wrote slowly ,
I did not know anything so pleasant could be wrong .
but if it is wrong we must not meet here any more .
mother told me I must never do anything that was wrong .
I didn't stop to think , as the children say .
she shook her head .
and they will never let me come here any more .
Uncomforted , she wrote forlornly ,
I cannot take you to-night because they are away .
they went to the store at Radnor .
two great tears brimmed over in her big blue eyes and splashed down on her slate .
her lips quivered like a hurt child 's .
I promise you that , whatever happens .
Kilmeny lifted her head , and wiped the tears from her eyes .
that is the way they always punished me when I was a little girl .
she allowed herself to smile , but it was a rather forlorn little effort .
she did not cry any more , but her spirits did not come back to her .
when he asked her to play she shook her head .
she started back with a little cry .
a burning colour swept over her face , and the next moment she fled swiftly up the darkening lane .
the sweetness of that involuntary kiss clung to Eric 's lips as he went homeward , half-intoxicating him .
he knew that it had opened the gates of womanhood to Kilmeny .
never again , he felt , would her eyes meet his with their old unclouded frankness .
when next he looked into them he knew that he should see there the consciousness of his kiss .
behind her in the orchard that night Kilmeny had left her childhood .
a PRISONER OF LOVE
he walked across it to the wild cherry lane ; but at its entrance he stopped short in sudden dismay .
with a thrill of dismay Eric instantly understood what must have taken place .
it would probably prejudice Kilmeny 's guardians still further against him .
his voice rose to a shrill scream .
and I suppose that you have told her uncle and aunt that she has been meeting me here .
I was going to tell them myself , tonight .
I don't know what your motive in doing this has been .
was it jealousy of me ?
his contempt cowed Neil more effectually than any display of anger could have done .
and you have no business to come sneaking around here either .
Neil sprang forward in his path .
I 'll do anything for you if you will .
I love Kilmeny .
I 'd give my life for her .
I wanted to kill you last night when I saw you kiss her .
oh , yes , I saw you .
I don't care what you call it .
she never would wear the flowers I picked for her any more .
she seemed to forget I was there .
I knew something had come between us .
and it was you , curse you !
it overrode all the restraint of his training and environment .
Eric , amid all his anger and annoyance , felt a thrill of pity for him .
it is not for you to say who shall or shall not be Kilmeny 's friend .
now , you may just as well control yourself and go home like a decent fellow .
the restrained power in his tone and look cowed Neil .
his heart beat as he thought of Kilmeny .
the threats of the latter did not trouble him at all .
he thought the angry outburst of a jealous boy mattered but little .
what did matter was that Kilmeny was in trouble which his heedlessness had brought upon her .
presently he found himself before the Gordon house .
faded green shutters hung on the windows of the lower story .
behind it grew a thick wood of spruces .
Eric knocked at the door , wondering if it might be possible that Kilmeny should come to it .
in any case , he preferred her unsmiling dourness to vulgar garrulity .
he lifted his hat .
Eric walked into the parlour and sat down as bidden .
he found himself in the most old-fashioned room he had ever seen .
the painted floor was covered with round braided rugs .
on the centre table was a lamp , a Bible and some theological volumes contemporary with the square-runged furniture .
what then must have been the power of such a personality in life ?
many things in Kilmeny 's upbringing and temperament became clear to him .
pride and stubbornness are its salient characteristics .
his reflections were interrupted by the entrance of Thomas and Janet Gordon .
the former had evidently been called from his work .
he nodded without speaking , and the two sat gravely down before Eric .
he paused .
Janet still sat in a sort of expectant immovability .
I can explain the matter if you will allow me .
I met your niece accidentally in the orchard three weeks ago and heard her play .
I had no thought of harming her in any way , Mr Gordon .
yesterday evening I asked her to bring me here and introduce me to you and her aunt .
we would have come then if you had been at home .
but I do not ask you to receive me as a friend on my own recommendations only .
I will give you references men of standing in Charlottetown and Queenslea .
I know your father well by reputation and I have seen him .
she has been happy enough .
I know folks condemn us for the way she has been brought up , but they don't know everything .
it was the best way for her , all things considered .
he surprised them out of their self possession at last .
both started , and looked at him as if they could not believe the evidence of their ears .
he was evidently puzzled by this unexpected turn of the conversation , and in grave doubt what to say .
I am well educated and not afraid of work .
there can never be any other .
oh , I 'm not speaking rashly or inconsiderately .
I have weighed the matter well and looked at it from every aspect .
Thomas Gordon drew a long breath that was almost a sigh .
Janet Gordon had hitherto spoken no word .
I admit no real stain where there was no conscious wrong doing .
her grim mouth softened and a flood of repressed tenderness glorified her cold gray eyes .
she is bright and clever and she is not ill looking .
Thomas Gordon stood up , as if he considered the responsibility off his shoulders and the interview at an end .
good evening , Master .
I 'll see you again , and you are free to come and go as suits you .
but I must go to my work now .
she lighted the lamp on the table and left the room .
a few minutes later Kilmeny came down .
she smiled , and went over to the table to write on her slate .
they seemed to think I had done something terribly wrong .
uncle Thomas said he would never trust me out of his sight again .
she seemed pleased and yet sad .
she did not yet dream that she loved Eric Marshall , or that he loved her .
but she was no longer the child to be made a dear comrade of .
a SWEETER WOMAN NE'ER DREW BREATH
Thenceforward Eric Marshall was a constant visitor at the Gordon homestead .
he soon became a favourite with Thomas and Janet , especially the latter .
Eric hardly recognized him the first time he saw him thus animated .
of Neil , Eric saw but little .
he must be taught his place .
to Eric , the days were all pages in an inspired idyl .
he wondered if the universe were big enough to hold his joy or eternity long enough to live it out .
his whole existence was , for the time being , bounded by that orchard where he wooed his sweetheart .
curiosity was rife .
a hundred stories were circulated about Kilmeny , all greatly exaggerated in the circulation .
wise heads were shaken and the majority opined that it was a great pity .
they guessed Neil Gordon didn't like it much .
he seemed to have got dreadful moody and sulky of late and wouldn't sing in the choir any more .
thus the buzz of comment and gossip ran .
Kilmeny knew nothing of gossip .
to her , Lindsay was as much of an unknown world as the city of Eric 's home .
Janet was somewhat dubious at first .
she broke them all the day it first struck her that Kilmeny was going to be bonny .
I might have got one after she died maybe .
you are one of those men who always get their own way .
Eric went to town the next Saturday and picked out a mirror that pleased him .
he and Janet together unpacked the mirror and hung it on the parlour wall .
but Janet did not understand epigrams .
Janet shot a quick glance at the picture of her sister .
Margaret was a strange woman , Master .
I suppose she thought her own beauty had been a snare to her .
that picture doesn't do her justice .
I never liked it .
it was taken before she was before she met Ronald Fraser .
but , Master , three years later it was like her oh , it was like her then !
she looks like her grandmother Margaret 's mother , Master .
her name was Kilmeny too , and she was a handsome , sweet woman .
I was very fond of my stepmother , Master .
when she died she gave her baby to me , and asked me to be a mother to it .
but my heart misgives me at times .
oh , I dare say I am only a foolish old woman , Master .
Janet betook herself to the kitchen and Eric went to look for Kilmeny .
in them she held a white Mary-lily from the orchard .
yet you are halesome and fair to see .
I might go on and quote the next couplet too
but you are not to go into the parlour until I come .
her marvelous loveliness was brought out into brilliant relief by the dark wood work and shadows of the dim old hall .
now , give me your hand and shut your eyes .
he led her into the parlour and up to the mirror .
for a moment she was bewildered .
then she realized what it meant .
the lilies fell from her arm to the floor and she turned pale .
with a little low , involuntary cry she put her hands over her face .
Eric pulled them boyishly away .
this is a truer mirror than Aunt Janet 's silver sugar bowl !
look look look !
she was blushing now , and stealing shy radiant glances at the mirror .
I cannot tell you how glad I am .
it is so dreadful to believe one is ugly .
it hurts just the same every time you remember it .
but why did mother tell me I was ugly ?
could she really have thought so ?
come , let us go back to the orchard now .
we mustn't waste this rare evening in the house .
there is going to be a sunset that we shall remember all our lives .
the mirror will hang here .
it is yours .
don't look into it too often , though , or Aunt Janet will disapprove .
she blew an airy little kiss at her mirrored face and turned from it , smiling happily .
on their way to the orchard they met Neil .
he went by them with an averted face , but Kilmeny shivered and involuntarily drew nearer to Eric .
and he looks so strangely at me , too .
she was still lingering there dreamily when Aunt Janet 's grim face appeared in the shadows of the doorway .
Kilmeny smiled softly .
the older woman 's face softened .
I remember well when I was a girl but that is neither here nor there .
Kilmeny started and a scarlet blush scorched her face .
that , and the expression that flashed into her eyes , told Janet Gordon all she wished to know .
with a stifled sigh she bade her niece good night and went away .
her aunt 's words had revealed to her the hidden secret of her heart .
for was she not dumb ?
IN HER SELFLESS MOOD
Eric noticed a change in Kilmeny at their next meeting a change that troubled him .
she seemed aloof , abstracted , almost ill at ease .
when he proposed an excursion to the orchard he thought she was reluctant to go .
something had come between them .
Kilmeny was sitting on the old bench where he had first seen her .
at first she had blushed painfully but now she had grown very pale .
surely you knew before that I loved you .
Eric said , putting his arm about her and trying to draw her to him .
but Kilmeny only shook her head again .
there was a very determined look on her pale face .
she wrote ,
your world would think you had done a very foolish thing and it would be right .
I shall be very unhappy , too , but that is better than spoiling your life .
Kilmeny grew paler and paler , and her eyes revealed how keenly she was suffering .
AN OLD , UNHAPPY , FAR-OFF THING
Janet listened to his story with concern and disappointment plainly visible on her face .
when he had finished she shook her head .
I can't tell you how sorry I am .
I had hoped for something very different .
I have PRAYED for it .
since you came I had hoped she would have a protector in you .
oh , we will , of course , but it will not be any use .
Kilmeny is as determined as her mother when once she makes up her mind .
when her mother died Thomas and I wanted to take her to church .
we could not prevail on her to go .
it is because she thinks so much of you that she will not marry you .
perhaps her defect can be remedied even yet .
have you ever thought of that ?
he thought so much of the child and he felt terrible about it .
but her mother wouldn't hear of it being done .
there was no use trying to argue with her .
she was a strange woman and a terrible woman in many ways after her trouble .
Margaret never let her out of her sight , not even when she was grown up .
where was there any sin ?
your sister thought herself a lawful wife .
it gives me a shiver whenever I think of it .
I must know the whole truth about Kilmeny .
no living person knows it but Thomas and me .
she doesn't know the truth and you must never tell her .
it isn't a fit story for her ears , especially when it is about her mother .
Janet Gordon locked her hands together in her lap , like a woman who nerves herself to some hateful task .
she looked very old ; the lines on her face seemed doubly deep and harsh .
but I would not have you think she was unlovable .
no , no , that would be doing a great injustice to her memory .
we all loved her .
she was the light and life of this house .
oh , Master , if Margaret was too proud she got it from no stranger .
and her misfortune cut him to the heart .
he never spoke a word to us here for more than three days after he heard of it .
but the mischief was done .
oh , I 'll never forget Margaret 's face , Master !
it haunts me yet in the black of the night .
it was full of anger and rebellion and defiance .
but she never answered him back .
nothing we could do for her softened her .
but she would not speak to anyone .
she just sat in her room most of the time and stared at the wall with such awful eyes .
father sickened and took to his bed .
Margaret would not go in to see him .
then one night Thomas and I were watching by him ; it was about eleven o'clock .
Margaret was sitting in her room all alone in the cold and dark , staring at the wall .
I told her what our father had said .
I pleaded and wept , Master .
master , she wouldn't !
she never moved or looked at me .
Janet Gordon lifted her hands and struck them together in her agony of remembrance .
Thomas , help me up .
I walked behind with the candle .
but her stubbornness wouldn't let her .
it was like some evil power that had gripped hold of her and wouldn't let go .
oh , it was hard and dreadful !
she saw her father die and she never spoke the word he prayed for to him .
THAT was her sin , Master , and for that sin the curse fell on her unborn child .
and they were his last words .
she spoke and wept and was herself again .
we thought then that she would go out of her mind .
indeed , Master , she never was quite right again .
Eric had listened with a gray horror on his face to the gruesome tale .
but you may be mistaken .
it may have been nothing more than a strange coincidence .
possibly something may be done for her .
at all events , we must try .
I have a friend in Queenslea who is a physician .
Janet 's face twitched .
I shall tell him nothing that is not strictly necessary to his proper understanding of the case .
Janet plainly had no faith in the possibility of anything being done for Kilmeny .
I hope that he can , and I know he will do all that mortal skill can do .
she nodded .
the grave little motion had the solemnity of a sacred promise .
DAVID BAKER'S OPINION
the next week David Baker came to Lindsay .
he arrived in the afternoon when Eric was in school .
what scrape have you got into ?
you write me a letter , entreating me in the name of friendship to come to you at once .
you seem to be in excellent health yourself .
I have met in Lindsay a young girl whom I have learned to love .
she can hear perfectly and all her other faculties are entirely normal .
this Eric proceeded to do .
David Baker listened with grave attention , his eyes fastened on his friend 's face .
finally he halted before Eric .
David shrugged his shoulders .
I have one argument that will convince you speedily and that is Kilmeny Gordon herself .
but we will not discuss the matter of my wisdom or lack of it just now .
David frowned thoughtfully .
it is very curious and unusual , but it is not totally unprecedented .
I cannot just now remember whether any were ever cured .
well , I 'll see if anything can be done for this girl .
the next morning Eric took David up to the Gordon homestead .
he could not hide his amazement and Eric smiled to see it .
Kilmeny held out her hand with a smile .
but Kilmeny was charmingly at ease .
he suddenly realized how far Kilmeny had come since then and how much she had developed .
Eric introduced David to the Gordons and then hurried away to his school .
pity succeeded the momentary alarm .
the day seemed interminably long to him .
don't keep me in suspense any longer , David .
To-day has seemed like a thousand years .
that is all there is to it .
the trouble is psychological , not physical .
medical skill is helpless before it .
David frowned dubiously and poked his finger through the hole which represented the eye of the king of beasts .
it isn't very plain to myself .
and it is only a vague theory of mine , of course .
I cannot substantiate it by any facts .
she loves me with all her heart and she won't marry me because she can't speak .
and , in any case , it practically means that there is no hope for her or me .
I thank you for your sympathy and interest , David .
with a groan Eric flung himself on a chair and buried his face in his hands .
it was a moment which held for him all the bitterness of death .
David , with a sigh , returned the crochet antimacassar carefully to its place on the chair back .
no , David , I have lost her .
but the look in her eyes Eric , I felt as if I had murdered something .
she bade me good-bye with a pitiful smile and went upstairs .
I did not see her again , although I stayed to dinner as her uncle 's request .
those old Gordons are a queer pair .
I liked them , though .
they are strong and staunch good friends , bitter enemies .
Eric smiled mechanically .
Janet handed him a little note .
it was very brief and blotted with tears .
you must go away and forget me .
you will be thankful for this some day .
Janet shook her head but went upstairs .
she soon returned .
you know she means it , Master , and it is of no use to coax her .
and I must say I think she is right .
Eric was compelled to go home with no better comfort than this .
in the morning , as it was Sunday , he drove David Baker to the station .
he shook hands with Eric on the station platform .
that afternoon he went again to the Gordon homestead .
but the result was the same ; Kilmeny refused to see him , and Thomas Gordon said gravely ,
it is not as if Kilmeny would ever change her mind .
Tush , Janet , woman , don't be weeping .
do you think tears can wash such things away ?
no , they cannot blot out sin , or the consequences of sin .
Eric went home with a white , haggard face .
he had never thought it was possible for a man to suffer as he suffered then .
what was he to do ?
it seemed impossible to go on with life there was NO life apart from Kilmeny .
he found out how much a man may suffer and yet go on living and working .
Eric went again to the old orchard .
as he crossed the pasture field before the spruce wood he came upon Neil Gordon , building a longer fence .
Neil did not look up as Eric passed , but sullenly went on driving poles .
before this Eric had pitied Neil ; now he was conscious of feeling sympathy with him .
Eric had entered into a new fellowship whereof the passport was pain .
the grass had become ragged and sere and unkempt .
so deep was his abstraction that he was conscious of nothing around him .
he did not hear stealthy footsteps behind him in the dim spruce wood .
Kilmeny had sought the old orchard for the healing of her heartbreak , if healing were possible for her .
years seemed to have passed over the girl in those few days .
she had drunk of pain and broken bread with sorrow .
Thomas Gordon had shaken his head bodingly when he had looked at her that morning at the breakfast table .
maybe it is all for the best , poor lass .
Kilmeny walked through the lane slowly and absently like a woman in a dream .
she stopped quickly and the blood rushed wildly over her face .
all this photographed itself in her brain in an instant .
Eric started up , confused , bewildered , as the voice came shrieking across the orchard .
oh , it is so wonderful !
NEIL GORDON SOLVES HIS OWN PROBLEM
I had no hope that it would .
Thomas Gordon shook his head .
it is near enough to a miracle for me .
it is awesome , that is what it is .
Janet , woman , I feel as if I were in a dream .
the only difficulty which she seemed to experience was in the proper modulation of her voice .
occasionally she pitched it too high again , too low .
but it was evident that she would soon acquire perfect control of it .
Eric had almost forgotten about Neil in his overwhelming amazement and joy .
I know how I should feel towards a man who took Kilmeny from me .
it is a hard thing , and I do not see what we are to do .
we cannot act as if nothing had happened .
but Neil Gordon solved the problem himself .
I told the wife it was only a lover 's quarrel most like .
she 's been worrying about you ; but she didn't like to ask you what was the trouble .
Eric looked amazed .
what could Robert Williamson have heard so soon ?
you know this was the night the excursion train left .
they cross on the boat to-night special trip .
Lincoln couldn't give us much information .
Lincoln jumped at the chance .
Neil had brought the filly with him , and Lincoln hitched right up and took him to the station .
we concluded him and old Thomas must have had a row .
Eric reflected rapidly .
he was greatly relieved to find that Neil had gone .
he would never return and this was best for all concerned .
not caring to discuss the matter further , Eric left the kitchen .
Timothy , did YOU ever hear the like ?
they couldn't act like other people if they tried .
VICTOR FROM VANQUISHED ISSUES
now that everything was settled Eric wished to give up teaching and go back to his own place .
he resolved to teach until the fall vacation , which came in October , and then go .
Kilmeny had promised that their marriage should take place in the following spring .
I am going to church with Uncle and Aunt after this , and to the Missionary Society meetings .
Eric vetoed this promptly .
the idea of Kilmeny in a boarding school was something that could not be thought about without laughter .
she will belong to your world and not to ours .
that is for the best and we wouldn't have it otherwise .
Eric yielded with the best grace he could muster .
but he went home and wrote a full account of his summer to old Mr Marshall that night .
Mr Marshall , Senior , answered the letter in person .
nothing was said about Eric 's letter , however , until after tea .
when they found themselves alone , Mr Marshall said abruptly ,
I hope you haven't gone and made a fool of yourself .
your wife will have to fill your mother 's place , and your mother was a pearl among women .
do you think this girl is worthy of it ?
it isn't possible !
you 've been led away by a pretty face and dairy maid freshness .
that 's just exactly what David Baker said .
they went around by way of the main road and the Gordon lane .
Kilmeny was not in when they reached the house .
they sat down and talked awhile with Thomas and Janet .
when they left , Mr Marshall said ,
if Thomas Gordon had been a man like Robert Williamson I shouldn't have waited to see your Kilmeny .
Kilmeny was reading on the bench under the lilac trees when they reached the orchard .
as she approached Eric saw with a thrill of exultation that she had never looked lovelier .
her face was flushed delicately with excitement .
Kilmeny held out her hand with a shyly murmured greeting .
then he drew her to him and kissed her gravely and gently on her white forehead .
End of Project Gutenberg 's Kilmeny of the Orchard , by Lucy Maud Montgomery
BURGESS TRADE QUADDIES MARK
copyright , 1916 , BY THORNTON W BURGESS .
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
I HOW OLD KING EAGLE WON HIS WHITE HEAD @number@
HOW OLD MR . MINK TAUGHT HIMSELF TO SWIM @number@
HOW OLD MR . TOAD LEARNED TO SING @number@
HOW OLD MR . CROW LOST HIS DOUBLE TONGUE @number@
V HOW HOWLER THE WOLF GOT HIS NAME @number@
HOW OLD MR . SQUIRREL BECAME THRIFTY @number@
HOW LIGHTFOOT THE DEER LEARNED TO JUMP @number@
HOW MR . FLYING SQUIRREL ALMOST GOT WINGS @number@
HOW MR . WEASEL WAS MADE AN OUTCAST @number@
x . HOW THE EYES OF OLD MR . OWL BECAME FIXED @number@
HOW IT HAPPENS JOHNNY CHUCK SLEEPS ALL WINTER @number@
HOW OLD MR . OTTER LEARNED TO SLIDE @number@
HOW DRUMMER THE WOODPECKER CAME BY HIS RED CAP @number@
HOW OLD MR . TREE TOAD FOUND OUT HOW TO CLIMB @number@
HOW OLD MR . HERON LEARNED PATIENCE @number@
HOW TUFTY THE LYNX HAPPENS TO HAVE A STUMP OF A TAIL @number@
YELLED BLACKY AT THE TOP OF HIS VOICE Frontispiece
HOW OLD KING EAGLE WON HIS WHITE HEAD
HOW OLD KING EAGLE WON HIS WHITE HEAD
it didn't seem possible that it could be alive way up there .
but it was .
Peter knew that it was , and he knew who it was .
it was King Eagle .
Peter rubbed the back of his neck , which ached because he had tipped his head back so long .
then he gave a little sigh .
there was Sammy Jay sitting in a little tree just over his head .
I 'm not envious of any bird .
the ground is good enough for me .
Peter 's eyes sparkled .
I supposed everybody knew it .
all birds do .
you see the birds were not willing to be ruled over by an animal .
they wanted one of their own kind .
thus she left matters very much to King Eagle and old King Bear .
they settled all the quarrels between their subjects , and for a while everything went smoothly .
it became harder and harder to get enough to eat .
King Eagle , sitting on the edge of the cliff on the mountain , thought it all over .
he would send a messenger to try to find her .
that one was not feeling well .
another had a pain in his wings .
he darted into the air before King Eagle .
but King Eagle didn't laugh .
they watched him until he was a speck in the sky , and finally he disappeared altogether .
at last a day was set to choose a new king .
he would take no part in choosing a new king .
pretty soon he saw a speck way up against a cloud , a speck no bigger than himself .
it grew bigger and bigger , and at last he knew that it was King Eagle himself .
then he told them that King Eagle was coming .
HOW OLD MR . MINK TAUGHT HIMSELF TO SWIM
HOW OLD MR . MINK TAUGHT HIMSELF TO SWIM
at least , it seems that way to his friends and neighbors .
yes , Sir , Billy Mink is just as much at home in the water as out of it .
there was some one wearing fur who could fly , and of course Billy Mink couldn't do that .
he said as much to Grandfather Frog one day , as they watched Billy Mink catch a fat trout .
people never know what they can do till they try .
I should love dearly to hear about it .
he looked at Grandfather Frog suspiciously .
Peter wasn't sure .
for instance , he couldn't swim .
it has always run in the Mink family to be smart .
and he was a great traveler , just as Billy is .
Peter Rabbit fidgeted uneasily .
it seemed to him that Grandfather Frog had looked at him very hard when he said this .
but Grandfather Frog just cleared his throat and went on with his story .
Mr Mink would find it and help himself .
in the first place , he didn't have as much as he wanted .
and then again he didn't have it when he wanted it .
the water got in his ears and up his nose and choked him .
and then it was so dreadfully wet !
but he would grit his teeth and keep at it .
after a while he got so that he could paddle around a little .
gradually he lost his fear of the water .
this was great sport , and he quite often had fish for dinner now .
no , Sir , he wasn't satisfied .
whatever Mr Mink did , he wanted to do well .
so he kept trying and trying .
the more he did this , the longer he could hold his breath .
there was only one thing that bothered Mr Mink .
the water was so dreadfully wet !
this was very tiresome and he did wish that there was an easier way of drying off .
but Mr Mink didn't go hungry .
oh , my , no !
she watched him catch a fish .
then she watched him run about to dry off and keep from getting cold , and her eyes twinkled .
Mr Mink didn't know what she meant by that , but the next morning he found out .
hello , Peter Rabbit !
HOW OLD MR . TOAD LEARNED TO SING
HOW OLD MR . TOAD LEARNED TO SING
he was rather fond of him , even if he did play jokes on him once in a while .
a few days later Peter happened over to the Smiling Pool for a call on Grandfather Frog .
a mighty chorus of joy from unseen singers rose from all about the Smiling Pool .
Peter knew about those singers .
Peter sat very still on the edge of the bank trying to see one of them .
old Mr Toad paid no attention to Peter , not even when he was spoken to .
he was so absorbed in his singing that he just didn't hear .
then he spied Jerry Muskrat at the other end of the Smiling Pool and hurried over there .
Peter was so full of the discovery he had made that he could think of nothing else .
Jerry looked surprised that Peter should ask such a question .
Peter looked very much chagrined .
tell me about it .
she looked at him sharply .
she was worried .
she had so many things to attend to that she hadn't time to take care of the bugs .
besides , I have learned a great deal right here .
Peter sighed .
HOW OLD MR . CROW LOST HIS DOUBLE TONGUE
HOW OLD MR . CROW LOST HIS DOUBLE TONGUE
somebody laughed , and Peter turned quickly to find Jimmy Skunk .
that sounded like a story .
right away Peter sat up and took notice .
how did he lose it ?
why did he lose it ?
Jimmy Skunk clapped a hand over each ear and pretended that he was going to run away .
Peter jumped in front of him .
Jimmy grinned .
Peter looked properly ashamed for interrupting , and Jimmy started again .
he could imitate any and everybody , and he did .
he could sing like Mr Meadow Lark , or he could bark like Mr Wolf .
he could whistle like Mr Quail , or he could growl like old King Bear .
there wasn't anybody smarter than old Mr Crow .
it 's from him that Blacky gets his smartness .
it didn't take him long to discover that no one else had such a wonderful tongue .
he puzzled over it a good deal himself for a while .
sure enough , his own tongue was different from any of the others .
it was split a little , so that it was almost like two tongues in one .
it 's this little old tongue of mine .
nobody else has got one like it , but nobody knows that but me .
I must make good use of it .
that is , he didn't mean what you or I or any of his neighbors would have called good use .
times were getting hard , and everybody had to work to get enough to eat .
of course that meal was left in a hurry .
one morning Mr Crow discovered Mr Coon just sitting down to a good breakfast .
it is a question which was the more surprised , Mr Coon or Mr Crow .
Mr Coon didn't forget his manners .
he politely invited Mr Crow to sit down and take breakfast with him .
but Mr Crow had lost his appetite .
somehow his tongue felt very queer .
he thanked Mr Coon and begged to be excused .
it was no longer split into a double tongue .
they said that he must have lost his tongue .
HOW HOWLER THE WOLF GOT HIS NAME
HOW HOWLER THE WOLF GOT HIS NAME
it just went all through him .
I don't believe he will , because it is too near the homes of men .
he 's just as fierce as his voice sounds .
he doesn't come sneaking about without a sound , like Tufty the Lynx .
he hunts like Bowser the Hound and lets you know that he is out hunting .
there was plenty to eat , and everybody was on good terms with everybody else .
I can't understand it myself .
Peter shook his head .
you see neither Jumper nor Peter ever have hunted any one in all their lives .
he didn't bother to hunt little people like us when there were big people like Mr Deer .
it always made Mr Wolf feel mean .
he never could hold his head and his tail up after that kind of a hunt .
there was nothing to be proud about in such a hunt .
that was the very first Wolf howl ever heard .
Mr Wolf didn't know this , but he did know that he felt better for howling .
so every night he pointed his nose up at Mistress Moon and howled .
this gave Mr Wolf an idea .
that day he had the longest hunt he ever had known , for the Deer had had fair warning .
you see , he felt that it had been a fair hunt .
after that he always gave fair warning .
instead , he carried it proudly .
all the others hunted by stealth .
he alone hunted openly and boldly .
Mr Lynx and Mr Panther would snarl angrily .
the little people feared him , and the big people hated him because he spoiled their hunting .
but he didn't mind .
sometimes he would howl out of pure mischief just to spoil the hunting of the others .
and Peter did .
HOW OLD MR . SQUIRREL BECAME THRIFTY
HOW OLD MR . SQUIRREL BECAME THRIFTY
grandfather Frog sat on his big green lily-pad in the Smiling Pool and shook his head reprovingly at Peter Rabbit .
he never looks ahead to the future .
so of course Peter seldom worries .
you know Peter dearly loves a story .
that was because he was king .
it was just this way with old King Bear .
of course , he wasn't old then .
he even dared to play jokes on old King Bear .
having so much brought to him , he grew very particular .
yes , Sir , old King Bear grew very particular indeed .
some began to whisper behind his back that he was fussy .
Mr Squirrel was smart .
besides , it was a lot more fun .
it is easy to give what you don't want yourself .
little Mr Squirrel bowed very low and thanked old King Bear in his best manner .
so he took the nuts and pretended to be delighted with them .
at last he remembered a certain hollow tree .
the little forest and meadow people were growing tired of feeding the Bear family .
it didn't take her long to find out .
no , Sir , it didn't take her long .
she took one good look at old King Bear nodding in the cave where he used to sleep .
yes , Sir , they were all asleep , fast asleep .
he grew more lonesome every day .
the weather was cold , and it was hard work to find anything to eat .
Mr Squirrel was hungry all the time .
he grew thin and thinner .
then he went without dinner .
Late in the afternoon he crept into a hollow tree to get away from the cold , bitter wind .
tears filled his eyes and ran over and dripped from his nose .
he curled up on the leaves at the bottom of the hollow to try to go to sleep and forget .
under him was something hard .
he twisted and turned , but he couldn't get in a comfortable position .
finally he looked to see what the trouble was caused by .
what do you think he found ?
six big , fat nuts !
yes , Sir , six big , fat nuts !
then he began to wonder how those nuts happened to be in that hollow tree .
these were the very nuts , the present of old King Bear .
and that is just what he did do .
HOW LIGHTFOOT THE DEER LEARNED TO JUMP
HOW LIGHTFOOT THE DEER LEARNED TO JUMP
it isn't often that Peter Rabbit is filled with envy .
as a rule , Peter is very free from anything like envy .
you see , Peter always had been very proud of his own powers of jumping .
why don't you find out how ?
probably Grandfather Frog knows all about it .
he knows about almost everything .
Peter 's eyes brightened as he said this .
Jimmy chuckled .
I don't want to know how Lightfoot learned to jump .
he may jump over the moon , for all I care .
Jimmy laughed .
it was a good-natured , chuckling kind of a laugh .
grandfather Frog was there on his big green lily-pad , and Peter wasted no time .
grandfather Frog blinked his great , goggly eyes .
Peter looked at the Laughing Brook in dismay .
it was quite wide at that point .
Peter hastened to blurt out .
Peter went back a little so as to get a good start .
Jerry Muskrat and Billy Mink rolled over and over on the bank , laughing until their sides ached .
Even Spotty the Turtle smiled , which is very unusual for Spotty .
he paddled for the shore as fast as he could , and in his heart was something very like anger .
no one likes to be laughed at .
Peter intended to start for home the very minute he reached the shore .
but just before his feet touched bottom , he heard the great , deep voice of Grandfather Frog .
his curiosity wouldn't let him .
so he shook himself and then lay down in the sunniest spot he could find within hearing .
when he had the latter , he was not much afraid of anybody .
when he had to run , he wanted nothing in the way of his slim legs .
but there were others who could run swiftly in those days too , Mr Wolf and Mr Dog .
Mr Deer always had a feeling that some day one or the other would catch him .
he felt perfectly helpless then .
yes , Sir , one thing troubled him a great deal .
he couldn't run fast at all among the bushes and the fallen trees and the old logs .
this was a new worry , and it troubled him almost as much as the old worry .
he felt that he was in a dreadful fix .
oh , dear !
oh , dear !
a big log was in his path , and he jumped over it as lightly as a feather .
Mr Deer watched him and sighed .
right then he had an idea .
why shouldn't he learn to jump ?
he could try , anyway .
Mr Deer hung his head .
HOW MR . FLYING SQUIRREL ALMOST GOT WINGS
HOW MR . FLYING SQUIRREL ALMOST GOT WINGS
Jimmy Skunk and Peter Rabbit were having a dispute .
both agreed that they would accept Grandfather Frog 's decision .
you see , each was sure that he was right .
when they reached the Smiling Pool , they found Grandfather Frog looking very comfortable and old and wise .
he looked very hard at Peter Rabbit , for he suspected that Peter had come for a story .
grandfather Frog looked immensely pleased .
it always pleases him to be considered wise .
grandfather Frog shook his head .
I wonder if you ever will learn to use them .
there was so much envy that it got into your eyes , and you couldn't see straight .
Jimmy Skunk chuckled .
he hasn't any wings .
what he does do is to coast on the air .
he used to sit and watch old Mr Bat flying about and wish that he had wings .
he would climb an old stump and then jump as far as he could .
then one night he made a discovery .
it was like sliding down on the air .
it was great fun , and pretty soon he was spending all his spare time doing it .
you know she is always pleased when she finds people trying to help themselves .
he knew that he ought to trust her .
so he climbed the tall tree .
HOW MR . WEASEL WAS MADE AN OUTCAST
HOW MR . WEASEL WAS MADE AN OUTCAST
he looked this way ; he looked that way .
Peter saw him and headed straight toward him to pass the time of day .
it was Peter 's turn to look frightened , and he hastily glanced this way and that way .
it must be dreadful to be hated by everybody .
let's ask him .
Jimmy came ambling up in his usual lazy way , for you know he never hurries .
it seemed to Chatterer and Peter that he was slower than usual .
but he got there at last .
Jimmy smiled good-naturedly .
then he settled himself comfortably with his back to an old stump and began .
but all the time he had a mean disposition .
he hid it from his neighbors , but he had it just the same .
being small and moving so swiftly , he was hard to keep track of .
Chatterer and Peter nodded .
they knew that it is because of this that he is called Shadow .
there were no secrets that he didn't find out , and all the time no one suspected him .
so Mr Weasel became a thief , and still no one suspected him .
now one bad habit almost always leads to another .
yes , Sir , that 's what he did .
then he discovered a nest of young mice , and he found these quite as good as young birds .
it makes most people angry to be caught in wrongdoing and it was just that way with Mr Weasel .
so pretty soon Mr Weasel found that he hadn't a friend in the world .
this made him more savage than ever , and he hunted and killed just for the pleasure of it .
he wasn't sorry for what he had done and he wouldn't promise to do better .
and it has been so to this day .
Peter Rabbit shuddered .
HOW THE EYES OF OLD MR . OWL BECAME FIXED
HOW THE EYES OF OLD MR . OWL BECAME FIXED
Blacky knew that the bright light hurt Hooty 's big eyes and half blinded him .
dear me , dear me , such a racket as there was then !
but all the time they took the greatest care to keep out of sight themselves .
Peter Rabbit was there .
oh , my , no !
you see he knew just how helpless Hooty was .
that interested Peter Rabbit immensely .
he couldn't think of anything else .
he kept trying to do the same thing himself , but of course he couldn't .
he could turn his head sideways , but that was all .
it 's because his eyes are fixed in their sockets , and he can't turn them .
so he turns his whole head in order to see in all directions .
Jumper looked up at the moon to see what time of night it was .
old Mr Owl had them .
she wanted to see just how many of them she could trust to obey her orders .
so she lined them all up in a row .
then she made them turn so that their backs were to her .
old Mr Rabbit just itched all over with curiosity .
it seemed to him that he just must turn his head .
Peter nodded .
so he rolled his eyes back and then looked straight ahead again .
what he had seen made him want to see more .
he tried it again .
he couldn't move them a bit .
all he could do was to stare straight ahead .
he could see in only one direction , the way his head was turned .
he didn't say anything .
he flew away home the very first chance he got .
for a long time after that , Mr Owl never could see behind him at all .
it made him dreadfully nervous and unhappy .
he felt all the time as if people were doing things behind his back .
but he didn't complain .
he was ashamed to do that .
HOW IT HAPPENS JOHNNY CHUCK SLEEPS ALL WINTER
HOW IT HAPPENS JOHNNY CHUCK SLEEPS ALL WINTER
Peter Rabbit was bothered .
it was so now .
he said so .
Johnny Chuck couldn't eat his own fat , so what was the use of it ?
but why wasn't a good thick coat of fur just as good or even better ?
he didn't have any trouble keeping warm .
neither did Billy Mink or Little Joe Otter or Reddy Fox .
no , it couldn't be that Johnny Chuck put on all that fat just to keep warm .
grandfather Frog looked at Peter sharply .
perhaps he read the truth in Peter 's eyes .
I know how I look .
I look old and tired .
Peter looked a little shamefaced .
he didn't know just what to say , so he said nothing and just nodded his head .
grandfather Frog had to smile at the eager curiosity in Peter 's voice .
his was sensible .
once more Peter nodded his head .
then he made himself comfortable and prepared not to miss a word of Grandfather Frog 's story .
everybody had plenty to eat , and everybody was on the best of terms with all his neighbors .
their coming made the first winter .
yes , Sir , it certainly was hard on them .
old Mr Chuck , who , of course , wasn't old then , was one of them .
he had been too cold and too hungry to ever forget .
anyway , it never will be very cold .
I believe that is a good idea .
they shriveled and dried , so that he couldn't eat them at all .
Mr Chuck 's heart sank .
he thought of how soon all the tender green things would disappear .
right then an idea was born in Mr Chuck 's head .
but he didn't mind that .
all the tender green things were black and dead .
back to his bed scrambled Mr Chuck and curled up to sleep just as long as he could .
he made up his mind that he wouldn't worry until he had to .
he had done his best , and that was all he could do .
at length she came to his house and looking inside found him fast asleep .
she knew without being told what it all meant , and the idea amused her .
when he awoke in the spring , he knew nothing of the hard times his neighbors were talking about .
I know , because I have done the same thing for years .
Good-by , Peter Rabbit !
HOW OLD MR . OTTER LEARNED TO SLIDE
HOW OLD MR . OTTER LEARNED TO SLIDE
Little Joe Otter was having the jolliest kind of a time .
Little Joe Otter is a jolly little chap , anyway , and just now he was extra happy .
you see , he had a brand new slippery-slide .
of course he enjoyed it more because he had built it himself .
Peter Rabbit and Johnny Chuck sat watching him from the bank on the other side of the Smiling Pool .
my goodness , it makes me feel young just to watch Little Joe shoot down that slippery-slide .
Little Joe was having such a good time !
Peter actually was wishing that he did like the water .
grandfather Frog climbed out on his big green lily-pad .
there was a great deal of eagerness in Peter 's voice , and it made Grandfather Frog smile .
yes , Sir , he certainly did get into a peck of trouble .
it is hard , very hard indeed to be hungry and good-natured at the same time .
Mr Otter knew this .
it was a beautiful morning , and Mr Otter went farther than he intended .
Mr Otter was almost out of breath when he reached the high bank just above the open spring-hole .
Mr Otter threw a hasty glance over his shoulder .
Mr Lynx was so near that in one more jump he would catch him .
there wasn't time to run around to the place where the bank was low .
it was great fun , the greatest fun Mr Otter ever had had .
he did it again and again .
in fact , he kept doing it all the rest of that day .
he learned just how to hold his legs so that they would not be hurt .
right away he tried it .
after that Mr Otter was perfectly happy , for summer and winter he had a slippery-slide .
be content with the blessings you have got , Peter Rabbit .
be content with the blessings you have got .
HOW DRUMMER THE WOODPECKER CAME BY HIS RED CAP
HOW DRUMMER THE WOODPECKER CAME BY HIS RED CAP
Drummer the Woodpecker was beating his long roll on a hollow tree in the Green Forest .
Drummer thought it the most beautiful sound in the world .
after each long roll he would stop and listen for a reply .
suddenly Drummer heard a scratching sound inside the hollow tree .
then he heard a voice just a little way above him .
Drummer looked up .
is this your house ?
I didn't know it when I began to drum .
I wasn't knocking ; I was drumming .
I 'll look for another hollow tree , though I don't believe I can find another as good .
it is one of the best sounding trees I have ever drummed on .
in a few minutes they heard Drummer 's long roll .
they could hear Drummer 's voice , and it sounded very angry .
yes , Sah , it cert'nly is a bad habit .
then he began to drum .
Drummer hardly paused for breath .
he was still laughing when he reached the Smiling Pool .
grandfather Frog watched him until he began to smile too .
you know laughter is catching .
they both listened .
there was great eagerness in Peter 's voice .
this time Grandfather Frog took no notice .
he didn't have any sweeter voice than Drummer has to-day .
so Mr Woodpecker lived pretty much alone .
they shrugged their shoulders and went on playing and having a good time .
but Mr Woodpecker was worried .
he said as much to some of his neighbors , but they only laughed at him .
the more he thought about it , the more Mr Woodpecker worried .
from early morning until night he hunted worms and dug them out of the trees .
then he would fly to the next tree .
he pounded with his bill until his neck ached .
he didn't even take time to drum .
she went all through the Green Forest , and her sharp eyes saw all that Mr Woodpecker had done .
she made him sit up on a dead limb of a tall chestnut-tree where all could see him .
HOW OLD MR . TREE TOAD FOUND OUT HOW TO CLIMB
HOW OLD MR . TREE TOAD FOUND OUT HOW TO CLIMB
old Mr Toad hopped into the shade of a big mullein leaf .
Hot , isn't it ?
I simply can't stand the sun .
old Mr Toad chuckled .
Peter settled himself comfortably and prepared to listen .
old Mr Toad snapped up a foolish spider who came too near and then cleared his throat .
you see , there were no birds in those days to help .
one day little Mr Frog sat under a bush on which most of the leaves had been eaten .
he saw a worm eating a leaf on one of the lower branches .
it was quite a way above his head .
it worried him .
he kept his eyes on that worm and thought and thought until his head ached .
at last he got an idea .
I 'll try it .
it quite knocked the wind from his body .
he had to pull to get it free .
like a flash an idea popped into his head .
you see , she was worried about them .
when she found what the Toads had been doing , she was mightily pleased .
it was little Mr Frog .
he was catching bugs as fast as he could .
then she hid where she could watch .
and she was pleased .
HOW OLD MR . HERON LEARNED PATIENCE
HOW OLD MR . HERON LEARNED PATIENCE
Peter sat and stared at him most impolitely .
he knew that he was impolite , but for the life of him he couldn't help staring .
but Longlegs didn't move .
Peter stared as long as his patience held out .
then he gave up and went on to see what else he could find .
he didn't really expect to find him there , but he did .
so far as Peter could see , Longlegs hadn't moved .
half an hour later Peter was once more back .
there stood Longlegs just as before .
behind that bill was the longest neck Peter ever had seen !
Peter watched until he grew tired , but Longlegs didn't move again .
he spoke of it one day to Grandfather Frog .
at the mere mention of Longlegs , Grandfather Frog sat up and took notice .
grandfather Frog nodded .
grandfather Frog 's eyes took on a far-away look , as if he were seeing into that long-ago past .
he was just as awkward as he looked .
his long legs were in his way .
he didn't know what to do with his long neck .
when he tried to run , everybody shouted with laughter .
some of those who laughed at him would have given anything to have possessed such a beautiful coat .
but Mr Heron didn't know this .
he couldn't bear to be laughed at , wherein he was very like most people .
at first he used to go ashore to hunt for food .
it tasted so good that he wanted more , and every day he went fishing .
sometimes he did , but more often he didn't .
for a long time he stood there , resting .
the water around his feet was cool and comforting .
he was very comfortable but for one thing , he was hungry .
so he kept perfectly still .
he didn't dare even stretch his long neck up .
sure enough , the little fish swam almost to his very feet .
they didn't see him at all .
Mr Heron was almost as surprised as the fish he had caught .
it really was a great discovery for Mr Heron .
he settled himself in great contentment , for now he was less hungry .
grandfather Frog sighed mournfully .
with his neck carried that way , he could fly as well as any one .
Mr Heron himself became proud of them .
you see , he had learned how to use what he had been given .
also he had learned the value of patience .
so he was happy and envied no one .
with a great splash Grandfather Frog dived into the Smiling Pool .
HOW TUFTY THE LYNX HAPPENS TO HAVE A STUMP OF A TAIL
HOW TUFTY THE LYNX HAPPENS TO HAVE A STUMP OF A TAIL
it was then that Peter had seen him .
in fact , Peter had had the narrowest of escapes , and the very memory of it made him shiver .
that tail fascinated Peter .
it was just an apology for a tail .
for Tufty 's size it was hardly as much of a tail as Peter himself has .
it made Peter feel a lot better .
also it made him very curious .
Jumper did know , and this is the story he told Peter :
indeed I do .
he wasn't old then .
no one was old , because it was in the beginning of things .
he was very proud of it .
you know there is a saying that pride goes before a fall .
it was so with Mr Lynx .
he boasted about his tail .
he said that it was the finest tail in the world .
he said so much that his neighbors got tired of hearing about it .
he made a perfect nuisance of himself .
it seemed as if that tail were never still .
Mr Lynx had had a very successful day , and he was feeling very fine .
he was so intent on his boasting that he didn't notice old King Bear slipping around behind him .
then old King Bear let him go .
then he turned and slunk away in the shadows by himself .
after that he kept out of sight of all his neighbors .
he prowled around mostly at night and was very stealthy and soft-footed , always keeping in the shadows .
his temper grew worse and worse from brooding over his lost tail .
you see he would forget .
she gave him a lecture which he never forgot .
he tried , but he couldn't do it .
then he gave up and sneaked away into the darkest shadows he could find .
so Mr Lynx never did get a new tail .
to the little people , he was like a fearsome shadow to be watched out for at all times .
his children were just like him , and his children 's children .
Tufty is the same way .
no one likes him .
but you will notice that he switches it just as if it were a real tail .
he was silent for a few minutes .
Mrs Quack is Distrustful III .
Mrs Quack Tells About Her Home IV .
Mrs Quack Continues Her Story V Peter Learns More of Mrs Quack 's Troubles VI .
what Did Happen to Mr Quack XIII .
Jerry Muskrat 's Great Idea XX .
it means more knowledge .
you cannot meet any one without learning something from him if you keep your ears open and your eyes open .
he knew right away who it was .
Peter was so surprised to see her in the Smiling Pool that he almost forgot to be polite .
I 'm curious right now .
I 'm wondering what brings you to the Smiling Pool when you never have been here before .
Peter 's eyes opened very wide with surprise .
but she thought better of it , and then Peter saw that she was trembling all over .
Peter nodded .
that 's why I just had to find some other place .
MRS QUACK IS DISTRUSTFUL
Jerry Muskrat thinks there is no place in the world like the Smiling Pool .
you see , they have spent their lives there and know little about the rest of the Great World .
he is such a good friend that he ought to be a Quaddy himself .
you say he fed some of you last winter , but that doesn't mean anything good .
there was a little sob in her voice and tears in her eyes .
MRS QUACK TELLS ABOUT HER HOME
Mrs Quack nodded .
it isn't because we want to , but because we must !
there is everything that Ducks and Geese love .
that is perfectly fair , so we don't mind that .
it is only men who are not fair .
they had learned how to take care of themselves just as well as I could .
I certainly was proud of that family .
Mrs Quack suddenly choked up with grief , and Peter Rabbit politely turned his head away .
MRS QUACK CONTINUES HER STORY
in a few minutes she bravely went on with her story .
for a while we had nothing much to fear .
perhaps you don't know what marshes are .
Jerry Muskrat 's eyes sparkled .
in some of these we stayed days at a time .
in fact , we stayed until Jack Frost came to drive us out .
if we saw none , we would drop down a little nearer and a little nearer .
but with all our watchfulness , we never could be sure , absolutely sure , that all was safe .
sometimes those terrible two-legged creatures would be hiding in the very middle of the wildest , most lonely looking marshes .
they would be covered with grass so that we couldn't see them .
so we would fly our hardest .
Mrs Quack paused and shuddered , and Peter Rabbit and Jerry Muskrat shuddered in sympathy .
it was like that every day .
our flock grew smaller and smaller .
I am afraid the terrible guns killed some .
in the second place there are more dangers down there for young Ducks than up in the far Northland .
in the third place there isn't room for all the Ducks to nest properly .
tears filled Mrs Quack 's eyes .
we cannot go any faster than Jack Frost does .
Mrs Quack stopped and shivered .
that is what makes me so dreadfully nervous .
then we would have to do it all over again until night came .
if they didn't , they would have a little bit of pity .
I wouldn't trust one of them , not one minute .
Peter sat up and looked across the Green Meadows , and his heart sank .
but Mrs Quack wouldn't wait to see .
FARMER BROWN'S BOY VISITS THE SMILING POOL
it meant that his feathered friends would soon be busy house-hunting and building .
Just then there was a distant bang in the direction of the Big River .
some people haven't any hearts ; they 're all stomachs .
he grinned at the idea , and then he continued his way towards the Smiling Pool .
Farmer Brown 's boy smiled when he saw them .
he felt in his pocket and brought out a couple of carrots .
one he put on a little tussock in the water where he knew Jerry would find it .
presently he noticed two or three feathers on the water close to the edge of the bank .
Mrs Quack had left them there .
and this is just what Farmer Brown 's boy did .
the first Peter knew of her coming was the whistle of her wings as she passed over him .
it was very clear that she was terribly nervous and suspicious .
as she spoke she swam about nervously .
Mrs Quack nodded and held up one wing .
Peter and Jerry could see that one of the long feathers was missing .
it is very hard work to know just how far those terrible guns can throw things at you .
I didn't dare go near either shore , and I 'm nearly starved .
he would let her find it for herself .
if he told her about it , she might suspect a trick and refuse to go near the place .
but he couldn't blame her , after all she had been through .
so he kept still and waited .
he was learning , was Peter Rabbit .
he was learning a great deal about Mrs Quack .
MRS QUACK HAS A GOOD MEAL AND A REST
that 's a fact .
but once fill that empty stomach , and everything is changed .
it was just that way with Mrs Quack .
Peter Rabbit looked over at Jerry Muskrat sitting on the Big Rock , and Jerry winked .
she had found some of the corn left there by Farmer Brown 's boy .
he thinks that if I do , he 'll have a chance to hide near enough to shoot me .
I didn't believe this could be a safe place for me , and now I know it .
I 'll stay here to-night , but to-morrow I 'll try to find some other place .
there were tears in her eyes .
Jerry Muskrat sniffed in disgust .
I wouldn't trust many of those two-legged creatures myself , but Farmer Brown 's boy is different .
if all of them were like him , we wouldn't have a thing to fear from them .
he has a heart .
yes , indeed , he has a heart .
now you take my advice and eat whatever he has put there for you , be thankful , and stop worrying .
PETER RABBIT MAKES AN EARLY CALL
with the first bit of daylight , Mrs Quack swam out from her hiding-place among the brown rushes .
but he didn't .
he kept perfectly still .
Mrs Quack shook herself and then began to carefully dress her feathers .
that is , she carefully put back in place every feather that had been rumpled up .
he didn't mean to be impolite .
and then it was so interesting .
you know Peter doesn't waste any time on his clothes .
in fact , he doesn't seem to care a bit how he looks .
so he waited as patiently as he could , which wasn't patiently at all .
at last Mrs Quack finished her breakfast , and then she had to make her toilet all over again .
finally Peter hopped to the edge of the bank where she would see him .
this is a very nice place .
at the mention of Mr Quack , the eyes of Mrs Quack suddenly filled with tears .
Peter felt tears of sympathy in his own eyes .
I ought to be on my way there now , but what is the use without Mr Quack ?
HOW MR . AND MRS QUACK STARTED NORTH
he was giving her his sympathy , and sympathy often helps others a great deal more than we even guess .
it was so with Mrs Quack .
Peter Rabbit leaned forward and stared at Mrs Quack with his eyes popping right out .
Mrs Quack just had to smile , Peter was so in earnest and looked so astonished .
by this time Peter 's eyes looked as if they would fall out of his head .
he 's a very interesting old fellow .
Mr Quack and I kept out of his reach , you may be sure .
Mrs Quack 's eyes suddenly filled with tears again .
presently Mrs Quack went on with her story .
Mr Quack was the leader as usual , and I flew right behind him .
Mrs Quack paused and Peter waited .
THE TERRIBLE , TERRIBLE GUNS
the very safest-looking places sometimes were the most dangerous .
Peter nodded .
we were tired , for we had flown a long distance , and we were hungry .
my heart almost stopped beating .
I told you that when we started each of us had a mate .
now we found that of those who had escaped , four had lost their mates .
they were heartbroken .
when it came time for us to move on , they wouldn't go .
besides , they hoped that if they waited around they might find their mates .
Mrs Quack drew a wing across her eyes to wipe away the tears .
Peter blinked his eyes rapidly as if he were having hard work to believe what he had been told .
why , some of them have learned our language and actually call us in where they can shoot us .
just think of that !
sometimes awful storms will come up , and we just have to find places where we can rest .
they only hunt when they are hungry , and they hunt fairly .
when , they have got enough to make a dinner , they stop .
they keep our wits sharp .
if we do not keep out of their way , it is our own fault .
we don't have any chance at all .
I 'm sure one would make him a dinner , if that is what he wants .
once more poor Mrs Quack was quite overcome with her troubles and sorrows .
WHAT DID HAPPEN TO MR . QUACK
that was where Mr Quack made a mistake .
so to save time he led us close to shore .
and then it happened .
it was awful .
here Mrs Quack choked up so that she couldn't say another word .
I 'm going back to the Big River now to look for him .
if she had heard Mrs Quack say that , I never would have heard the last of it .
I wish there was something we could do for Mrs Quack .
then for a long , long time he sat in a brown study .
a brown study , you know , is sitting perfectly still and thinking very hard .
that was what Peter did .
but he wasn't asleep .
he was just thinking and thinking .
he was trying to think of some way to help Mrs Quack .
at last he gave a little sigh of disappointment .
Peter looked up .
there sat Sammy Jay .
Peter had been thinking so hard that he hadn't seen Sammy arrive .
you know Sammy dearly loves to tease Peter .
Peter made a good-natured face at Sammy .
Peter started to make a sharp retort , but thought better of it .
what 's the matter with her ?
when Peter finished , Sammy flew down a little nearer to Peter .
now I don't say that I can help Mrs Quack , but I can try .
he hoped so .
so he watched Sammy and waited and hoped .
Peter nodded .
again Peter nodded .
he hates terrible guns and the men who use them .
and he knows all about them .
you see , they know that shooting at us would frighten the Ducks .
Blacky knows all about the Big River .
now here is my plan .
I 'll go find Blacky and tell him all about what we want to do for Mrs Quack .
she must swim right up the Big River , keeping out in the middle where she will be safe .
I think your plan is perfectly splendid , Sammy Jay .
THE HUNT FOR MR . QUACK
now she had that very comfortable feeling that goes with a full stomach , she could think better .
at the time she had been tired and hungry and discouraged .
now she was beginning to feel rested , and she was no longer hungry .
these things made all the difference in the world .
Sammy Jay did the same thing on the other bank .
now Sammy Jay dearly loves to hunt for things .
when he does find it , he usually steals it , I 'm sorry to say .
but it is the fun of hunting that Sammy enjoys most .
so now Sammy thoroughly enjoyed hunting for Mr Quack .
Mrs Quack heard his scream and understood just what it meant .
a little later Blacky the Crow discovered another hunter hiding behind the bushes on his side .
SAMMY JAY SEES SOMETHING GREEN
there 's another hunter up where the Laughing Brook joins the Big River !
I guess I won't take any chances .
for some time Sammy sat there watching .
but of course Sammy could see him perfectly , because he was behind him .
he couldn't see any feathers !
no , Sir , he couldn't see any feathers !
then he understood .
they are just pieces of wood made to look like Ducks .
he saw the hunter crouch down a little lower and look down the Big River .
Sammy looked too .
he saw a flock of real Ducks flying swiftly just above the middle of the Big River .
suddenly the leader turned straight towards the place where the hunter was hiding , and the others followed him .
they had their eyes on those wooden Ducks and were coming straight in to join them .
he saw the hunter suddenly rise and point his gun at the flying Ducks .
the distance was too great .
Sammy chuckled happily .
idly he watched it , and presently it moved .
instantly Sammy was all curiosity .
he flew over where he could see better .
MR . QUACK IS FOUND AT LAST
it had done this right here in the little swamp where Sammy was .
that green spot had moved .
he was sure of that .
and if it moved , it must be something alive .
if it were alive , it must be somebody , and Sammy wanted to know who it was .
Try as he would he couldn't remember any one who wore such glossy green as that .
so , his eyes sparkling with excitement , Sammy watched .
he was impatiently patient .
did you know that it is possible to be impatiently patient ?
well , it is .
Sammy was just boiling with impatience inside , but he didn't let that impatience spoil the patience of his waiting .
that is what is called self-control .
it is a splendid thing to have , is self-control .
Little by little something reached out from under the pile of brush .
Sammy choked back a little gasp of surprise as a sudden thought popped into his head .
could this be the lost Mr Quack ?
this was just plain boasting , and Sammy knew it .
but Sammy always does have a good opinion of himself .
it is one of his faults .
now that he had guessed who this might be , he was less impatient .
Sammy could keep still no longer .
the beautiful head disappeared like a flash .
there isn't anybody here but me , and I 'm your friend .
SAMMY JAY SENDS MRS QUACK TO THE SWAMP
one of the hunters would be sure to see her .
Sammy shook his head .
my , won't she be happy when you do tell her !
I wonder what she 'll say and what she 'll do .
I 'm going to stay right here so as to see her when she hears the good news .
in fact , Sammy Jay and Blacky were getting very uneasy .
Mrs Quack nodded her head rapidly .
Mrs Quack looked up at Sammy sharply .
Mrs Quack promised that she would .
wait until it is dark and he has gone home .
JERRY MUSKRAT'S GREAT IDEA
both jumped a little .
then both laughed .
Jerry good-naturedly repeated what he had said .
Mrs Quack 's face brightened .
the idea came to me while you were talking .
Mrs Quack 's eyes fairly shone with hope and eagerness .
Jerry 's eyes twinkled .
Mrs Quack 's face fell .
Mrs Quack 's face lighted up again at once .
in fact , they are very good neighbors of ours in our home in the far Northland .
I didn't suppose there was a Beaver pond anywhere around here .
he has got a very nice pond there now .
Mrs Quack waited to hear no more .
she shot up into the air and disappeared over the tops of the trees in the Green Forest .
they know .
you see , the heart of Mrs Quack was true and brave and strong .
so she wasted no time .
she examined every inch of the shore of that little pond .
in it she laid ten eggs .
the broken wing healed and grew strong again , for it had not been so badly broken , after all .
unknown to them , Farmer Brown 's boy discovered where they were .
in fact , after the first few times , he made no attempt to hide .
you see he discovered that Farmer Brown 's boy was a friend .
E-text prepared by Al Haines
note : Project Gutenberg also has an HTML version of this file which includes the original illustrations .
Grosset & Dunlap Publishers New York By arrangement with Little , Brown and Company
copyright , @number@ by Thornton W Burgess .
ALL THE LITTLE FRIENDS
ALL WHO LOVE THE GREEN MEADOWS
THIS LITTLE BOOK IS DEDICATED .
WHY PETER RABBIT'S EARS ARE LONG IV .
JOHNNY CHUCK'S SECRET VIII .
JOHNNY CHUCK'S GREAT FIGHT IX .
MR . TOAD'S OLD SUIT X GRANDFATHER FROG GETS EVEN XI .
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE LEARNS TO LAUGH
HE WAS SO SURPRISED HE FORGOT TO CLOSE IT
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE LEARNS WHY HIS TAIL IS SHORT
Danny Meadow Mouse sat in his doorway and looked down the Lone Little Path across the Green Meadows .
Sammy Jay was sitting on a fence post .
he pretended to be taking a sun bath , but really he was planning mischief .
Reddy Fox had trotted past an hour before in a great hurry .
no , Danny Meadow Mouse was not happy .
indeed , he was very far from happy , and all because his tail was short .
he stopped to rest beside the house of Danny Meadow Mouse .
now old Mr Toad is very ugly to look upon , but the ugliness is all in his looks .
he has the sunniest of hearts and always he is looking for a chance to help someone .
you do indeed .
Danny Meadow Mouse sat up suddenly .
old Mr Toad laughed a funny silent laugh .
Danny Meadow Mouse could hardly wait for old Mr Toad to stop speaking .
in fact , he was in such a hurry that he almost forgot his manners .
you see his short tail had always been a matter of mortification to Danny Meadow Mouse .
he had felt his queer short tail to be a sort of disgrace .
it looked so mean and small !
he had wondered and wondered if the Meadow Mice had always had short tails .
then he started for the Smiling Pool as fast as his short legs would take him .
there sat Great-Grandfather Frog on his big , green lily pad .
grandfather Frog put a hand behind an ear and listened .
then he gave Grandfather Frog the four fat , foolish , green flies .
Mr Rabbit complained first .
and that is just what he said had happened .
then Striped Chipmunk lost the greater part of his winter store of corn .
a fat trout was stolen from Billy Mink .
then he started down the Crooked Little Path .
Striped Chipmunk picked it up and it wasn't a potato .
it was a fat acorn .
Striped Chipmunk said nothing but slipped it into his pocket .
out fell his store of fat acorns .
then she asked him if he had stolen the acorns .
he couldn't tell the world that Mr Wharf Rat was a thief .
so Mr Meadow Mouse said nothing .
I know that you did not even guess that there were stolen acorns in that bag .
he shall no longer live in the Green Meadows or the Green Forest .
everyone will turn their backs upon him .
he will live on what others throw away .
he will live in filth and there will be no one to say a good word for him .
WHY REDDY FOX HAS NO FRIENDS
the Green Meadows lay peaceful and still .
they had played tag through the cat rushes around the Smiling Pool .
but Reddy Fox was there .
Jimmy Skunk was there .
Billy Mink was there .
yes indeed , Billy Mink was there !
Billy Mink is another mischief maker .
that is , you are certain to find him if you look sharp enough .
Little Joe Otter and Jerry Muskrat came .
of course Peter Rabbit was there .
Reddy Fox had brought a plump , tender chicken , stolen from Farmer Brown 's dooryard .
Jimmy Skunk stole three big eggs from the nest of old Gray Goose .
Peter Rabbit and Jumper the Hare rolled up a great , tender , fresh cabbage .
now Hooty the Owl is a glutton and is lazy .
Shadow the Weasel is sly and a thief and lives by his wits .
Shadow the Weasel was next to Little Joe Otter , while right across from him was Jimmy Skunk .
Reddy Fox paused a moment to look hungrily at Billy Mink 's duck .
no one had seen Bobby Coon .
somehow happy-go-lucky Bobby Coon had been overlooked when the invitations were sent out .
Little Joe Otter listened and his mouth watered and watered until he could sit still no longer .
so away they hurried with big jumps down the Lone Little Path and out across the Green Meadows .
so when Reddy Fox turned to speak to Shadow the Weasel , he found himself alone .
Reddy Fox could hardly believe his eyes .
he didn't smile now .
he was too angry and too frightened .
yes , Reddy Fox was frightened .
Little Joe Otter 's trout lay shining in the moonlight .
the big head of cabbage lay just where Peter Rabbit and Jumper the Hare had left it .
Just then Bowser the Hound , over at Farmer Brown 's , bayed at the moon .
Reddy Fox always is nervous and by this time he was so fidgety that he couldn't stand still .
after listening and looking a moment Reddy Fox decided that all was safe .
but the fat trout he had seen a minute before shining in the moonlight had also disappeared .
Reddy Fox looked and looked until his eyes nearly popped out of his head .
then he did what all cowards do ran home as fast as his legs could carry him .
sure enough , where was Reddy Fox ?
Billy Mink and Little Joe Otter and Jimmy Skunk stopped quarreling and looked at each other .
and this is why Reddy Fox has no true friends on the Green Meadows .
WHY PETER RABBIT'S EARS ARE LONG
all the Merry Little Breezes jumped up and ran through the rushes to the very edge of the Smiling Pool .
grandfather Frog cleared his throat .
he looked to the east and cleared his throat again .
then he looked to the west , and cleared his throat .
he looked north and he looked south , and each time he cleared his throat , but said nothing .
his cabbage patch grew up to weeds .
he just couldn't keep his tongue still .
and like most gossips , he never could tell the exact truth .
Reddy Fox and Bobby Coon never met without fighting .
Jimmy Skunk and Johnny Chuck turned their backs on each other .
Jerry Muskrat , Little Joe Otter , and Billy Mink called each other bad names .
all because Mr Rabbit had told so many stories that were not true .
and she sent for Mr Rabbit .
he would have liked to run away and hide .
and besides , his curiosity would give him no peace .
but he didn't dare to .
no , Sir , he didn't dare to .
then in turn she asked each present who was the cause of all the trouble on the Green Meadows .
you are shiftless , for your house leaks .
you are a thief , for you steal the secrets of others .
you are a prevaricator , for you tell things which are not so .
you see Mr Rabbit wasn't altogether bad .
it was just this dreadful curiosity .
on the brow of the hill by the Lone Pine sat Reddy Fox .
he just had to .
Deep down under his little red coat was a strange feeling which he could not explain .
but this time there was no reply .
Reddy listened , and listened , and then tried it again .
Close by him Jack Frost was busy snapping sticks .
down on the White Meadows he could see Jimmy Skunk prowling about .
now Bowser the Hound had managed to slip his collar .
Reddy Fox had just barked for the hundreth time when he heard a twig crack just back of him .
oh , no !
it was coming in great pants now .
his bushy tail , of which he was so proud , had become very heavy .
when she got near enough , she barked twice to tell Reddy that she would help him .
so for a few minutes he ran faster than ever and he gained a long way on Bowser the Hound .
now Bowser the Hound thinks slowly .
but Bowser the Hound thinks slowly .
with a great roar of his big voice , he sprang forward .
she pretended to be very tired .
every time he rushed forward she managed to just slip out of his grasp .
Little by little she led him across the White Meadows back towards Farmer Brown 's barnyard .
when she got opposite to this she jumped onto this long limb and ran up into the tree .
there in the crotch , close to the trunk , she sat and watched .
Bowser the Hound , making a tremendous noise , followed her trail up to the stone wall .
then he was puzzled .
the longer he hunted , the angrier he grew .
STRIPED CHIPMUNK'S POCKETS
it was one of Striped Chipmunk 's busy days .
they got there just in time to see him disappear under a great stone in the old wall .
but Striped Chipmunk just flirted his funny little tail and winked with both his bright eyes at them .
but Striped Chipmunk flirted his tail over his back once more .
he couldn't .
he ran faster than ever until he disappeared under the big stone .
when he popped his head out again he was just his usual saucy little self .
old Grandfather Frog sat on his big green lily pad blinking in the sun .
suddenly out of the brown bulrushes burst the Merry Little Breezes and surrounded old Grandfather Frog .
and every one of them had brought to him a fat , foolish , green fly .
do tell us , Grandfather Frog .
and presently Grandfather Frog began :
Grandfather Frog pretended to be very much put out by the interruption , and tried to look very severe .
but the Merry Little Breezes were all giggling , so that presently he had to smile too .
Mr Fox Squirrel grumbled .
Mr Red Squirrel grumbled .
and Mr Chipmunk alone was pleasant and cheerful .
they quarreled and they fought over the nuts on the ground and even up in the trees .
Mr Gray Squirrel and Mr Fox Squirrel and Mr Red Squirrel sat around and rested and made fun of him .
when they had all gathered before her she suddenly turned to Mr Gray Squirrel .
Mr Red Squirrel crept out very slowly .
she told just how selfish Mr Gray Squirrel and Mr Fox Squirrel had been .
then they all raced across the Green Meadows to shake down some more nuts for Striped Chipmunk .
REDDY FOX , THE BOASTER
Johnny Chuck waddled down the Lone Little Path across the Green Meadows .
his yellow brown coat fitted him so snugly that it seemed as if it must burst .
he could see the Merry Little Breezes dancing and racing under the old butternut tree and having such a good time !
and he could see the long ears of Peter Rabbit standing up straight above the tall meadow grasses .
one of the Merry Little Breezes spied Johnny Chuck .
when he reached the old butternut tree he was all out of breath .
and then because it was so very foolish everybody laughed .
Jimmy Skunk was there .
oh my , yes , of course Reddy Fox was there !
Reddy Fox never misses a chance to show off .
he was wearing his very newest red coat and his whitest waistcoat .
Reddy Fox thought himself a very fine gentleman .
then Peter Rabbit jumped a tremendously long jump .
but Happy Jack Squirrel was at the top of the old butternut tree almost before the others had started .
the Merry Little Breezes clapped their hands and everybody shouted for Happy Jack Squirrel , everybody but Reddy Fox .
they belonged to Little Joe Otter , Billy Mink and Jerry Muskrat .
across the Smiling Pool and back again they raced and Little Joe Otter was first out on the bank .
Jimmy Skunk yawned lazily .
and Jimmy Skunk didn't .
he couldn't jump and he couldn't climb and he couldn't swim .
anybody could jump if their legs were made for jumping .
for a minute Reddy Fox looked very foolish .
he strutted up and down and glared at each in turn .
every hair on Reddy Fox suddenly fell back into place .
he whirled about nervously and anxiously looked over the Green Meadows .
but everybody took good care to keep away from Reddy Fox , everybody but Johnny Chuck .
he just sat still and chuckled and chuckled till his fat sides shook .
Reddy Fox just glared at him for a minute , he was so mad .
then he sprang straight at Johnny Chuck .
in a flash Johnny Chuck disappeared head first in the hole .
it poured out behind Reddy Fox in a stream of shining yellow .
Johnny Chuck ran down the long tunnel underground until he reached the end .
and with his strong hind legs he kicked the sand right back into the face of Reddy Fox .
all the little meadow people gathered around the hole where Johnny Chuck and Reddy Fox had disappeared .
would Reddy Fox catch Johnny Chuck ?
and what would he do to him ?
could it be Reddy Fox ?
where were his white waistcoat and beautiful red coat ?
he crept out of the hole and then just lay down and panted for breath .
he was almost too tired to move .
JOHNNY CHUCK'S SECRET
he smoothed it down on the big , yellow mound he had made in front of his door .
no , Sir !
not even the Merry Little Breezes , who find out almost everything , had discovered it .
then he started for his old home along a secret little path he had made for himself .
pretty soon he came to the Lone Little Path that went past his own home .
it was Jimmy Skunk , who was out looking for some beetles for his dinner .
he just couldn't keep it to himself any longer .
Jimmy Skunk promised that he wouldn't tell a soul .
Jimmy Skunk crossed his heart .
then Johnny Chuck looked this way and looked that way to be sure that no one was listening .
finally he whispered in Jimmy Skunk 's ear :
it just slipped out .
Peter Rabbit promised he wouldn't .
he met him on his way to the Laughing Brook .
Bobby Coon went on down to the Laughing Brook .
pretty soon Billy Mink met Little Joe Otter and told him .
then Little Joe Otter met Jerry Muskrat and told him .
Blacky the Crow met his first cousin , Sammy Jay , and told him .
Sammy Jay met Happy Jack Squirrel and told him .
happy Jack met his cousin , Striped Chipmunk , and told him .
Striped Chipmunk passed the house of old Mr Toad and told him .
he had hardly begun to dig when he heard some one cough right behind him .
then Johnny Chuck felt better and went back to work as soon as Peter Rabbit left .
after every one had admired the new home , they said good-bye and scattered over the Green Meadows .
then Johnny Chuck began to dig again , but this time he wasn't making his new back door .
when he got through , there wasn't any new home .
and this time he didn't take his special hidden path , for Johnny Chuck didn't care who saw him go .
then Johnny Chuck began to chuckle and finally to laugh .
and the next day Johnny Chuck started to make a new home .
oh , that 's Johnny Chuck 's secret .
and no one but jolly , round , red Mr Sun has found it out yet .
JOHNNY CHUCK'S GREAT FIGHT
Johnny Chuck sat on the doorstep of his new home , looking away across the Green Meadows .
Johnny Chuck felt very well satisfied with himself and with all the world .
Johnny Chuck sat up a little straighter to watch Peter Rabbit hop down the Lone Little Path .
something was following Peter Rabbit .
yes , Sir , something was bobbing along right at Peter Rabbit 's heels .
Johnny Chuck forgot the Merry Little Breezes .
presently Peter Rabbit stopped and sat up very straight and then Johnny Chuck nearly tumbled over in sheer surprise !
he rubbed his eyes to make sure that he saw aright , for there were two Peter Rabbits !
then he began to chuckle till his fat sides shook .
when Peter Rabbit wiggled his right ear , his baby brother wiggled his right ear .
when Peter Rabbit scratched his left ear , his baby brother scratched his left ear .
whatever Peter Rabbit did , his baby brother did too .
presently Johnny Chuck fell asleep .
jolly , round , red Mr Sun had climbed quite high in the sky when Johnny Chuck awoke .
he yawned and stretched and stretched and yawned , and then he sat up to look over the Green Meadows .
way down on the Green Meadows he caught a glimpse of something red jumping about in the long meadow grass .
then he saw all the Merry Little Breezes racing towards Reddy Fox as fast as they could go .
happy Jack Squirrel was dancing up and down excitedly on the branch of an old elm close by .
Reddy Fox had found Peter Rabbit 's baby brother and was doing his best to frighten him to death .
you see it didn't look a bit like Johnny Chuck .
now Johnny Chuck is not naturally a fighter .
oh my , no !
he is so good-natured and so sunny-hearted that he seldom quarrels with any one .
he didn't stop to think of what might happen to himself .
he didn't stop to think at all .
such a fight was never seen before on the Green Meadows !
and he certainly had to fight now .
even Great-Grandfather Frog , who left his big lily pad , and came hurrying with great jumps across the Green Meadows .
they formed a ring around Reddy Fox and Johnny Chuck and danced with excitement .
and all wanted Johnny Chuck to win .
how Peter Rabbit 's little brother did hope that Johnny Chuck would win !
but Reddy Fox wasn't whipping Johnny Chuck .
pretty soon Reddy Fox began to think of nothing but getting away .
every one was shouting for Johnny Chuck .
so it was with Johnny Chuck .
he had fought so hard that his breath was nearly gone .
finally he loosed his hold on Reddy Fox for just a second to draw in a good breath .
Reddy Fox saw his chance , and , with a quick pull and spring , he broke away .
Jimmy Skunk knocked Jerry Muskrat flat in his hurry to get away .
Striped Chipmunk ran head first into a big thistle and squealed as much from fear as pain .
but Reddy Fox paid no attention to any of them .
such a looking sight !
his beautiful red coat was in tatters .
his face was scratched .
then they crowded around Johnny Chuck and all began talking at once about his great fight .
Just then they heard a great noise up on the hill .
he had gone up to Farmer Brown 's and had jumped right under the nose of Bowser the Hound .
and Reddy Fox did .
MR . TOAD'S OLD SUIT
Peter Rabbit yawned and yawned again as he watched them dance over to the Smiling Pool .
then he hopped on down the Crooked Little Path towards home .
Sammy Jay , sitting on a fence post , saw him coming .
Peter Rabbit , reprobate !
shouted Sammy Jay .
Peter Rabbit ran out his tongue at Sammy Jay .
now Peter Rabbit has a great deal of curiosity and is forever poking into other people 's affairs .
of course he hadn't swallowed it !
who ever heard of such a thing !
by this time he had forgotten that he had been out all night .
he had forgotten that he was sleepy .
he had got to find out about Mr Toad 's old suit .
when he reached the Smiling Pool there sat Great-Grandfather Frog on his big green lily pad as usual .
but Peter Rabbit was too full of curiosity in Mr Toad 's affairs to notice this .
it 's none of my business .
Peter Rabbit saw that his curiosity must remain unsatisfied .
first of all they scattered over the Green Meadows .
right over to the big green lily pad they blew the green flies .
grandfather Frog settled himself comfortably on the big green lily pad and folded his hands across his white and yellow waistcoat .
old King Bear appeared every day in a suit of glossy black .
Mr Chipmunk took care to see that his new suit had the most beautiful stripes to be obtained .
even Mr Crow and Mr Owl took pains to look their very best .
he thought his neighbors spent altogether too much time and thought on dress .
but Mr Toad couldn't afford to sit around in idleness admiring his new clothes .
Mr Toad had too much to do .
he was altogether too busy .
so Mr Toad just wore his old suit over his new one and went on about his business .
for just a minute he didn't know what to do .
then he dived under a cabbage leaf and began to pull off his old suit .
but the old suit stuck !
he was in such a hurry and so excited that he couldn't find the buttons .
finally he got his trousers off .
what should he do with it ?
what should he do ?
every one made fun of his big mouth .
he would swallow his old suit !
in a flash Mr Toad dived under the cabbage leaf and crammed his old suit into his mouth .
and of course Mr Toad felt very much mortified .
and Peter Rabbit still wonders what old Mr Toad did with his old suit .
GRANDFATHER FROG GETS EVEN
his hands were folded across his white and yellow waistcoat .
round , red , smiling Mr Sun sent down his warmest rays on the back of Grandfather Frog 's green coat .
presently Billy Mink came hopping and skipping down the Laughing Brook .
he had caught a fine fat trout for breakfast .
he had hidden two more away for dinner in a snug little hole no one knew of but himself .
now he had nothing to do but get into mischief .
you can always depend upon Billy Mink to get into mischief .
he just can't help it .
so Billy Mink came hopping and skipping down the Laughing Brook to the Smiling Pool .
so Billy Mink looked all over the Smiling Pool and the grassy banks .
he saw the sunbeams dancing on the water .
he saw the tadpoles having such a good time in the Smiling Pool .
for a little way he can swim even faster than Mr Trout .
and he can stay under water a long time .
when he was right under the big green lily pad he suddenly kicked up hard with his hind feet .
now , Grandfather Frog 's mouth is very big .
you see he was so surprised he forgot to close it .
finally he climbed out on his big green lily pad .
they were very much awake , and they saw all that was going on in the Smiling Pool .
Great-Grandfather Frog was just pretending .
Little Joe Otter laughed and laughed until he had to hold his sides .
pretty soon one of the Merry Little Breezes danced over to see if Grandfather Frog had really gone to sleep .
then all the Merry Little Breezes clapped their hands and laughed too .
they left the buttercups and daisies and began to play tag across the Smiling Pool .
now , right on the edge of the Big Rock lay a big stick .
Billy Mink wasn't laughing now .
oh , no !
he was limping and he was holding on to his head .
Little Joe Otter and Billy Mink had been sitting right underneath the big stick .
way down beside the Laughing Brook grew a little bush .
but really it was quite different , as you shall see .
this little bush of which I am telling you put out its green leaves with the rest .
the little leaves grew bigger and bigger on all the little bushes .
but on this little bush of which I am telling you no little brown buds appeared .
the little bush felt very sad indeed .
but it bravely kept on growing and growing and growing .
the birds came and built their nests among them .
Peter Rabbit and his brothers and sisters scampered under them .
the butterflies flew over them .
he went about among the little bushes , pinching the leaves .
they had no leaves at all to cover their little naked brown limbs .
the little bush of which I am telling you lost its leaves with the rest .
such a multitude of these little yellow flowers !
then the little bush felt very happy indeed , for it was the only bush which had any flowers .
and every one who passed that way stopped to look at it and to praise it .
Johnny Chuck tucked himself away to sleep all winter .
but they left behind them tiny little packages , one for every little flower that had been on the bush .
all the summer long the little brown packages grew and grew until they looked like little nuts .
and out of each one flew two brown shiny little seeds .
Reddy Fox , who always is suspicious , thought some one was shooting at him .
why , it is the witch hazel .
do you know what it is ?
WHY BOBBY COON WASHES HIS FOOD
Bobby Coon had been out all night .
not that Bobby Coon is really bad !
oh my , no !
everybody likes Bobby Coon .
he was washing his breakfast .
really , it was his dinner , for turning night into day just turns everything topsy-turvy .
so Bobby Coon eats dinner when most of the little meadow people are eating breakfast .
one of the Merry Little Breezes softly followed him .
grandfather Frog paused with an expectant far-away look in his great bulging eyes .
in fact , they are second cousins .
he began to pass some of his old playfellows on the Green Meadows without seeing them .
when old King Bear was asleep he would go get them and stuff himself like a greedy pig .
he was snoring and probably dreaming of more good things to eat .
he shall sleep until gentle Sister South Wind comes in the spring to kiss away the snow and ice .
but first she would teach Mr Coon that stolen food is not the sweetest .
Mr Coon rolled over and over with both of his forepaws clasped over his stomach and groaned and groaned and groaned .
he had rubbed his eyes and of course had got mustard into them and could not see .
THE MERRY LITTLE BREEZES HAVE A BUSY DAY
the Merry Little Breezes watched her go .
the Merry Little Breezes danced over to meet him .
Jimmy Skunk shook his head .
the Merry Little Breezes watched him for a few minutes and then raced over to the Laughing Brook .
there they found Billy Mink stealing softly down towards the Smiling Pool .
then the Merry Little Breezes hunted up Johnny Chuck .
Bobby Coon was asleep , for he had been out all night .
Reddy Fox also was asleep .
finally the Merry Little Breezes gave it up and sat down among the buttercups and daisies to talk it over .
every one seemed to have something to do , every one but themselves .
it was such a busy world that sunshiny morning !
pretty soon one of the Merry Little Breezes hopped up very suddenly and began the maddest little dance among the buttercups .
Up jumped all the Little Breezes , clapping their hands .
Peter Rabbit didn't have to be invited twice .
away he went , lipperty-lipperty-lip , as fast as his long legs could take him after the Merry Little Breeze .
and presently they came to the field of tender young carrots .
when after a long , long hunt he found Jimmy Skunk , Jimmy was very much out of sorts .
in fact Jimmy Skunk was positively cross .
in fact he said some things not at all nice to the Merry Little Breeze .
but the Merry Little Breeze just laughed .
suddenly the Merry Little Breeze danced up to Jimmy Skunk and whispered in his right ear .
then he danced around and whispered in his left ear .
Jimmy Skunk 's eyes snapped and his mouth began to water .
when they came to the big flat stone Jimmy Skunk grasped it with both hands and pulled and pulled .
up came the stone so suddenly that Jimmy Skunk fell over flat on his back .
what do you think they were doing ?
they were toting gold !
yes , Sir , toting gold !
if I don't I can get no honey .
down the Crooked Little Path onto the Green Meadows came Jimmy Skunk .
when they reached the Laughing Brook they found Billy Mink curled up in a round ball , fast asleep .
finally he jumped to his feet wide awake and ready to fight whoever was bothering him .
but all he saw was a laughing Little Breeze running away with a bag of gold on his back .
nobody knows how she heard of it .
perhaps jolly , round , red Mr Sun told her .
and this is the happiest time of all .
WHY HOOTY THE OWL DOES NOT PLAY ON THE GREEN MEADOWS
jolly , round , red Mr Sun had already put his nightcap on .
black shadows crept softly out from the Purple Hills onto the Green Meadows .
suddenly one seemed to separate from the others .
one of them happened to look up and saw it coming .
it was the same Little Breeze who one time stayed out all night .
then all the Merry Little Breezes stopped their game of tag to look at Hooty the Owl .
then she took them off home behind the Purple Hills .
but they were also very sleepy , for they had played hard all day .
there they found Great-Grandfather Frog sitting on his big green lily pad as usual .
you see , Grandfather Frog likes to be teased a little .
so it was with Mr Owl .
it took a great many little birds and little animals to satisfy his appetite .
but he didn't stop there !
no , Sir , he didn't stop there !
he used to kill harmless little meadow people just for the fun of killing , and because he could .
every day he grew more savage .
finally no one smaller than himself dared stir on the Green Meadows when he was around .
the little birds no longer sang .
the Fieldmice children no longer played among the meadow grasses .
Mr Owl stood first on one foot and then on the other .
but she didn't .
she just looked and looked and looked and looked straight at Mr Owl .
finally he shifted so fast that he seemed to be dancing on top of the old stump .
it was the first laugh on the Green Meadows for a long , long , long time .
all the little meadow people stopped laughing to hear what she would say .
grandfather Frog paused and looked dreamily across the Smiling Pool .
suddenly he opened his big mouth and then closed it with a snap .
one more foolish green fly had disappeared inside the white and yellow waistcoat .
he couldn't hunt for his meals by day , for the light blinded him .
at night he could see but little in the darkness .
he was always hungry , was Mr Owl , always hungry .
you see he had been able to catch very little to eat .
and when he flew he made no sound , but floated like a great shadow .
then away they rushed to hunt for it .
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE LEARNS TO LAUGH
Danny Meadow Mouse sat on his doorstep and sulked .
better go inside the house !
pretty soon along the Lone Little Path came Peter Rabbit .
Peter Rabbit looked at Danny Meadow Mouse .
Danny Meadow Mouse began to snivel .
he cried softly to himself as Peter Rabbit hopped off down the Lone Little Path .
he saw Danny Meadow Mouse sitting on his doorstep crying all by himself .
Reddy Fox crept up behind a tall bunch of grass .
then suddenly he jumped out right in front of Danny Meadow Mouse .
it frightened Danny Meadow Mouse .
he jumped almost out of his skin , and ran into the house crying at the top of his voice .
then Reddy Fox chased his tail all the way down the Lone Little Path onto the Green Meadows .
Striped Chipmunk kept right on hopping and skipping down the Lone Little Path .
Danny Meadow Mouse was a cry-baby and no one wanted to play with him .
if he stubbed his toe he cried .
if Striped Chipmunk beat him in a race he cried .
if the Merry Little Breezes pulled his whiskers just in fun he cried .
so Danny sat on his doorstep and cried because no one would play with him and he was lonely .
when he reached the house of Danny Meadow Mouse he stopped right in front of Danny .
he put his right hand behind his right ear and listened .
then he put his left hand behind his left ear and listened some more .
finally he put both hands on his hips and began to laugh .
Mr Toad stopped laughing long enough to reply :
then Danny began to cry again , and Mr Toad began to laugh again .
it was Jimmy Skunk .
the first thing Danny Meadow Mouse knew his tears would not come .
it 's a fact , Danny Meadow Mouse had run short of tears .
yes , Sir , he actually was laughing .
Mr Toad started down the Lone Little Path .
after a few hops he paused and turned around .
his sides were sore , he had laughed so hard , and somehow the whole world had changed .
the grass seemed greener than he had ever seen it before .
the sunshine was brighter and the songs of the birds were sweeter .
altogether it was a very nice world , a very nice world indeed to live in .
somehow he felt as if he never wanted to cry again .
better go inside the house !
for just a little minute Danny Meadow Mouse wanted to cry .
then he remembered old Mr Toad and instead began to laugh .
they stopped chasing butterflies and crowded around Danny Meadow Mouse .
they began to tease him .
they pulled his whiskers and rumpled his hair .
when it was over Danny Meadow Mouse once more sat down on his doorstep to rest .
when he saw Danny Meadow Mouse he stuck his tongue in his cheek and cried :
instead of crying Danny Meadow Mouse began to laugh .
Striped Chipmunk stopped and took his tongue out of his cheek .
then he began to laugh too .
of course Danny did , and soon they were having the merriest kind of a game of hide and seek .
right in the midst of it Danny Meadow Mouse caught his left foot in a root and twisted his ankle .
in spite of himself tears did come into his eyes .
but he winked them back and bravely began to laugh .
but Danny didn't cry .
my , no !
he laughed instead .
Peter Rabbit was so surprised that he stopped to see what had come over Danny Meadow Mouse .
when Peter Rabbit finally started off home Danny Meadow Mouse still sat on his doorstep .
but no longer was he lonely .
E-text prepared by Janet Blenkinship , Brian Sogard , and the Project Gutenberg Online Distributed Proofreading Team ( @url@
note : Project Gutenberg also has an HTML version of this file which includes the original illustrations .
Burgess Trade Quaddies Mark
all rights reserved Printed in the United States of America
I WHERE GRANDFATHER FROG GOT HIS BIG MOUTH @number@
WHERE MISER THE TRADE RAT FIRST SET UP SHOP @number@
WHERE YAP-YAP THE PRAIRIE DOG USED HIS WITS @number@
WHERE YELLOW-WING GOT HIS LIKING FOR THE GROUND @number@
WHERE GLUTTON THE WOLVERINE GOT HIS NAME @number@
WHERE MR . QUACK GOT HIS WEBBED FEET @number@
WHERE THUNDERFOOT THE BISON GOT HIS HUMP @number@
x . WHERE LIMBERHEELS GOT HIS LONG TAIL @number@
WHERE OLD MR . GOBBLER GOT THE STRUTTING HABIT @number@
WHERE SEEK-SEEK GOT HIS PRETTY COAT @number@
WHERE OLD MR . OSPREY LEARNED TO FISH @number@
WHERE OLD MR . BOB-CAT LEFT HIS HONOR @number@
WHERE DIPPY THE LOON GOT THE NAME OF BEING CRAZY @number@
WHERE BIG-HORN GOT HIS CURVED HORNS @number@
SAID HE @number@
WHERE GRANDFATHER FROG GOT HIS BIG MOUTH
everybody knows that Grandfather Frog has a big mouth .
he seems then to be all mouth and eyes .
anyway , that is what Peter Rabbit says .
Peter never will forget the first time he saw Grandfather Frog .
Peter was very young then .
never before had he seen so much water .
the most water he had ever seen before was a little puddle in the Lone Little Path .
Peter stared and stared at the Smiling Pool , and little by little he began to see other things .
first he noticed the bulrushes growing with their feet in the water .
then he noticed the lily-pads , and he stared very hard at these .
they looked like growing things , and yet they seemed to be floating right on top of the water .
he was still staring at those lily-pads when a great deep voice said :
that voice was so unexpected and so deep that Peter was startled .
he jumped , started to run , then stopped .
he wanted to run , but curiosity wouldn't let him .
all the time he was staring down into the Smiling Pool with eyes fairly popping out of his head .
have a care , young fellow !
the voice was deeper and gruffer than ever , and it made Peter more uncomfortable than ever .
I 'm sure from the sound of your voice that you must be somebody very important .
please excuse me for seeming to stare .
if Peter had stared before he doubly stared now , eyes and mouth wide open .
grandfather Frog was looking his very best in his handsome green coat and white-and-yellow waistcoat .
but Peter had hardly noticed these at all .
he knew that Peter didn't intend to be impolite .
the truth is , I am very proud of my big mouth .
grandfather Frog chuckled .
you know he always begins a story that way .
once upon a time the Great World was mostly water , and most of the people lived in the water .
those were happy days for the Frogs .
yes , indeed , those were happy days for the Frogs .
of course they had enemies , but those enemies were all in the water .
in fact , the Frogs increased so fast that after a while there wasn't plenty to eat .
the mouths of the Frogs in those days were not big .
in fact , they were quite small .
he liked it so well that after that he caught fish whenever he could .
he had to , because he had no chewing or biting teeth .
he got the tail down and the smallest part of the body , and then that fish stuck .
yes , Sir , that fish stuck .
the fact was , Great-grandfather Frog 's mouth wasn't wide enough .
that fish was stuck !
it would go neither down nor up .
big tears rolled down his cheeks .
he choked and choked and choked , until it looked very much as if he might choke to death .
she saw right away what the trouble was , and she pulled out the fish .
then she asked how that fish had happened to be in such a place as Great-grandfather Frog 's mouth .
she saw the great numbers of young fish .
suddenly she reached over and put a finger in Great-grandfather Frog 's mouth and stretched it sideways .
then she did the same thing to the other corner .
Great-grandfather Frog 's mouth was three times as big as it had been before .
and then he wondered why Grandfather Frog laughed so hard .
WHERE MISER THE TRADE RAT FIRST SET UP SHOP
very carefully Peter peeped out .
old Man Coyote had sat down close by the log in which Peter was hiding .
he kept a junk shop very near where I used to live way out west .
Peter Rabbit almost forgot that he was hiding .
Just in the nick of time he clapped a hand over his mouth .
no , Suh , she ain't .
yes , Suh , it cert'nly did .
Just because he didn't have anything else to do he began to add a little more to his house .
one day he stepped on a thorn .
yes , Suh , he had a name .
he was called Miser .
he saw that some thought themselves ve'y smart when they stole from their neighbors .
Brer Miser didn't like this at all .
Brer Miser began to wish he had some nuts like those .
he knew that was just what any of his neighbors would do in his place .
but Brer Miser couldn't make it seem just right any way he looked at it .
he was too honest , was Brer Miser , to do anything like that .
WHERE YAP-YAP THE PRAIRIE DOG USED HIS WITS
Peter Rabbit had just had a great fright .
he is used to having great frights , but this time it was a different kind of a fright .
it was not for himself that he had been afraid but for one of his old friends and neighbors .
you see it was this way : Peter had started over for a call on Johnny Chuck .
when he reached Johnny Chuck 's house he found no one at home .
then he changed his mind and decided to wait for Johnny to return .
then he ducked it again and held his breath .
Johnny Chuck was running as Peter never had seen him run before and with very good reason .
he was so frightened for Johnny that he quite forgot that he himself might be in danger .
presently Johnny came half-way up his long hall where he could look out .
old Man Coyote grinned .
if it wasn't for those roots , I certainly would dig you out .
as it is you are safe .
there 's a fellow who certainly knows how to make a house in the ground .
he doesn't have to depend on the roots of trees to keep from being dug out .
well , I guess it is a waste of time to hang around here .
Peter grinned back , for he knew that under those friendly brambles he was quite safe .
old Man Coyote looked as surprised as he felt .
next time I shall look around a little more sharply .
he had found the great open space of which he had dreamed , and he was happy .
so he ate and slept and played with the Merry Little Breezes and grew fat .
when Skimmer had gone , Yap-Yap grew uneasy .
there was no cave or hollow log .
he would dig a hole in the ground .
what was to prevent some one who was very hungry from digging him out ?
every day he made that hole deeper until it was many feet deep .
when it was finished he was quite satisfied .
right away he set his sharp wits to work .
then , although the water stood all around , it no longer ran down in his house .
in fair weather that mound was a splendid place on which to sit and watch for danger .
so once more Yap-Yap was happy and care-free , all because he had used his wits .
WHERE YELLOW-WING GOT HIS LIKING FOR THE GROUND
it was very beautiful that morning , and Peter was in the best of spirits .
it was good just to be alive .
the result was that Peter got a fright .
he made two long jumps off to one side and then turned to see what had startled him so .
Peter grinned and looked a little foolish .
he felt a little foolish .
Peter suspected that he was .
but Peter was feeling too happy to mind being laughed at .
in fact , he chuckled himself .
it was something of a joke to be frightened by one who was so wholly harmless .
Peter recalled how many times he had frightened other people and thought it the best of jokes .
Peter went on until he found a new patch of sweet clover .
then he forgot all about Yellow-Wing .
presently his thoughts returned to Yellow-Wing , and he chuckled again at the memory of his fright that morning .
they get all their food in the trees .
this time he was on the watch and saw Yellow-Wing very busy about something .
it was Yellow-Wing 's turn to be startled , for he had not seen Peter approaching .
Peter looked as surprised as he felt .
no , Siree , I 'm independent !
it is because of them that I spend so much time on the ground .
ants changed the habits of the Flicker branch of the Woodpecker family .
Peter looked puzzled .
Yellow-Wing 's eyes twinkled .
it was the same with his children and his children 's children for a long time .
so the Flickers used to look for these trees and feast on the ants .
it saved a lot of labor .
what a place to fill one 's stomach !
when he was ready for another meal , he flew down to that ant hill .
never in all his life before had he filled his stomach so easily .
he taught his children to do the same thing .
that was the beginning of the change of habits with the Flickers .
no , Peter isn't the least bit thrifty .
happy Jack Squirrel says that every blessed one of them is shiftless .
it does look that way .
he is also called a Coney and sometimes the Calling Hare .
old Man Coyote grinned .
when I dine I want something more than skin and bones .
it was Peter 's turn to grin .
old Man Coyote grinned back good-naturedly .
he was just about a fourth as big as you , Peter .
in fact , he looked a lot like one of your babies , excepting his legs and his ears .
his legs were short and rather weak , and his ears were short and rounded .
it didn't take him long to discover that there were wonderful little winding galleries and hiding-places down among the stones .
these led to little cracks and caves deep down in the mountain side .
Little Chief was tickled almost to death .
one day he decided he would take some of his dinner into his little cave and eat it there .
so he carried it home and made a bed of it .
that set him to thinking .
why was the first he had brought in so dry and sweet and pleasant ?
he cut some more and spread it out on the big flat rock and once again he forgot .
after a while the rock on which he sat grew almost hot .
they had wilted and already they were beginning to dry .
an idea popped into his funny little head .
he had learned how to make hay .
he was the first hay-maker in the Great World .
there was no food for Little Chief .
he hunted and hunted , but there was nothing .
then because he was so hungry he began to nibble at his hay .
it tasted almost as good as the fresh green things .
Little Chief 's heart gave a great leap .
he had food in plenty !
I don't see why you don't do the same thing , Peter .
WHERE GLUTTON THE WOLVERINE GOT HIS NAME
this acquaintance with Honker and Peter 's everlasting curiosity have resulted in many strange stories .
of course you know what a glutton is .
it is one who is all the time thinking of his stomach .
no one likes to be called a glutton .
but then of course it is because he is a glutton that he is named Glutton .
rather I should say that is the reason the first Wolverine was named Glutton .
if I lived about here , I think I should swim away every time I saw you coming .
besides , you really ought to know something about some of the people who live in the Great Forest .
of course Peter promised .
he wanted that story so much that he would have promised anything .
so Honker told the story , and here it is just as Peter heard it .
certainly he looked more like King Bear than he did like little Mr Weasel .
but for his bushy tail he would have looked still more like a member of the Bear family .
he was clumsy-looking .
and he had a mean disposition .
yes , Sir , Mr Wolverine had a mean disposition .
it was so with Mr Wolverine .
they would go out of their way to avoid meeting him .
he didn't really care because his neighbors would have nothing to do with him .
no , he didn't really care , for the simple reason that he didn't want anything to do with them .
Mr Wolverine didn't .
the fact is , Mr Wolverine lived very well indeed .
instead of hunting for food himself , he depended on his neighbors to hunt for him .
a growl from him was enough , and that meal was left in his possession .
when he awoke Mr Wolverine would finish what remained .
you know I told you he had a mean disposition .
during that long summer Peter had become very well acquainted with them .
it seemed as if he couldn't think of anything else .
I don't believe it !
cried Mrs Quack .
it certainly is a bad habit .
Peter looked more foolish than before , if that were possible .
Peter was very humble .
please forgive me .
if I hadn't seen her make it , I wouldn't have known it was a nest .
she 's smart enough to make Mr Sun do her work .
right away Peter was all excitement .
you see , that sounded as if there might be a story behind it .
probably it was her ever-so-great-grandmother who first did it .
Mrs Quack nodded .
when she was quite satisfied , she turned to Peter , fidgeting on the bank .
she could go on dry land while fishes could not .
but if you let those eggs get cold , there will be no babies .
oh , dear !
oh , dear !
a clever idea came to her like a flash .
when this was done she stretched out close by to keep watch and see that nothing disturbed those treasures .
the sand on which she lay grew very cool .
yes , Sir , they did .
WHERE MR . QUACK GOT HIS WEBBED FEET
can you guess why ?
sometimes it is a story of adventure , a tale of terrible danger and narrow escapes .
Mr Quack doesn't think those feet funny at all , but Peter does .
he couldn't help but notice them .
they heard him coming and not knowing at first who it was they at once started for the water .
Peter never will forget the funny way in which they waddled .
but when they reached the water he forgot to laugh .
you see there they were as graceful as they had been awkward on land .
they are so broad that the first time I saw them I couldn't believe my own eyes .
I didn't suppose anybody had such broad feet .
Mr Quack chuckled .
Peter agreed at once .
at last , just as Peter Rabbit was beginning to lose patience Mr Quack began .
perhaps they knew each other .
perhaps they were acquainted just as you and I are now .
they were made for scratching , and there was nothing between the toes .
when he walked , everybody laughed at him .
when he tried to run , they laughed harder than ever .
he didn't mind this so very much , though he did a little .
nobody likes to be laughed at , especially when it is because of something they cannot help .
he knew then that he could get back to land .
in fact , he liked it .
he had discovered the safest place in all the Great World for him .
out on the water he was safe from Mr Fox and Mr Wolf and all the other four-footed hunters .
so he took to spending most of his time on the water or near it .
when he wanted a nap , he would hide among the rushes that grew in the water .
it was good .
he had found that he could get plenty to eat without leaving the Smiling Pool .
so Grandfather Quack grew fat and was happy .
but in spite of these things he was happy and made the best of his lot .
suddenly she reached out and caught him by the bill .
between the toes she stretched a tough skin clear to the toe nails .
he kicked one foot and then the other , and to his great joy he shot along swiftly .
it was wonderful !
it was splendid !
WHERE THUNDERFOOT THE BISON GOT HIS HUMP
no , you wouldn't call him handsome .
certainly there is nothing about him to suggest pride .
Peter Rabbit , as you know , is very fond of stories .
in this respect he is very like some other folks I know .
anyway , he never misses a chance for a story if he can help it .
but Peter never did .
it was thus that he heard about Thunderfoot the Bison and where he got that great hump of his .
Digger shook his head sadly .
instantly Peter pricked up his ears .
Digger looked at Peter with such a look of pity for Peter 's ignorance that Peter felt almost ashamed .
he ruled because no one dared deny him the right to rule .
he ruled because of his great size and his great strength .
big was he , the biggest of all living creatures thereabouts .
Strong was he with a strength none cared to test .
and he was handsome .
he held his head proudly .
the humblest of his subjects could come to him freely and be sure of a hearing and that justice would be done .
he liked to hear the pleasant things they said .
he became proud and vain .
Mr Meadow Lark was in great distress .
Mr Fox , who was racing beside him on the other side and saw what had happened , grinned .
seeing them grin , Thunderfoot himself grinned .
WHERE LIMBERHEELS GOT HIS LONG TAIL .
Peter rubbed his eyes .
a squeaky little laugh answered him .
he would be quite provoked if he had heard you .
Danny chuckled .
do you expect me to believe that any Mouse can jump like that ?
Danny chuckled again .
he disappeared , and Peter waited .
he was trim and slender .
he wore a reddish-brown coat with a white waistcoat .
but the things that made Peter stare very impolitely were his tail and his legs .
it took only one glance to convince Peter that here was a born jumper .
any one built like that must jump .
he wouldn't hurt a flea .
would you mind showing me how you jump ?
Limberheels grinned rather sheepishly .
Danny brightened up at once .
his hind legs were like those of all his relatives .
he ran about just as his relatives did .
he was so small and kept out of sight so much that he didn't even have a name .
there was nothing about him to suggest a name .
then one day he happened to see Mr Hare jump .
so he began to spend most of his spare time where he could watch Mr Hare .
they were very long and strong , regular jumping legs like those of Mr Hare .
of course he was in such a great hurry to try them that he couldn't wait for his breakfast .
he began by making little short hops , and in no time at all he was getting about splendidly .
at last he got up his courage to try a long jump .
up in the air he shot , and then something happened .
yes , Sir , something happened .
he turned two or three somersaults and landed on his back .
so at last he gave up trying and contented himself with short jumps .
they were not much more than hops .
then she laughed until she had to hold her sides .
what you need is a long tail to balance you on a long jump .
that short tail is all right for short jumps , but it won't do for long jumps .
it won't do at all .
mother Nature was smiling .
WHERE OLD MR . GOBBLER GOT THE STRUTTING HABIT
Peter Rabbit never will forget the first time he saw Big Tom Gobbler .
only the shine of a pair of the sharpest eyes Peter ever had seen showed that he was alive .
when at last the stranger moved , it was his head only .
he turned it suddenly to the right and a moment later to the left .
it was plain that he was listening for suspicious sounds .
Peter stared at it too .
never had he seen such a change in anybody .
this stranger didn't look like the same bird at all .
he was swelled up until Peter was afraid he would burst .
his tail was spread out like a great fan .
his head was laid back on his humped shoulders .
his wings were dropped until the stiffly spread feathers brushed the ground .
his head and neck were as red as blood , and there were no feathers on either .
never had Peter seen such vanity , such conceit , such imposing , puffed-up pride .
it was her head you saw .
Big Tom is the most conceited fellow in the Green Forest .
he dearly loves to strut .
he is just like his father and his grandfather and his great-grandfather .
grandfather Frog chuckled .
then one day as he was walking along , he came to a little pool of water .
it was very clear , and there wasn't a ripple on the surface .
there for the first time Mr Gobbler saw his reflection .
he spread his tail just to see how it would look in the water .
after a while he was no longer content to admire himself .
he wanted others to admire him .
at first she paid no attention to him .
at least that is the way she appeared .
she would turn her back on him and walk off into the bushes .
then he took to bragging and boasting that there was no bird to compare with him .
he didn't see her , and she watched him quietly for a few minutes .
then she slipped away and hunted up Mr Wolf .
Mr Gobbler gave a yelp of fright .
he lost his swelled-up appearance as suddenly as a bubble flattens out when it is pricked .
with a frantic beating of his wings he took to the air .
from the top of a tall tree he looked down .
WHERE SEEK-SEEK GOT HIS PRETTY COAT
you see , Peter didn't know that there was such a person as Seek-Seek .
the small person in the striped coat whirled and faced Peter with snapping eyes .
I am Seek-Seek the Ground Squirrel , and I 'll thank you to call me by my own name .
Peter looked very foolish .
I 'm sorry .
you look so much like him that I thought you must be him .
but he is a Rock Squirrel , and I am a Ground Squirrel which is altogether different .
you don't find me where there are rocks and stones in the way if I know it .
besides , if you used your eyes , you would see that we are not dressed alike either .
it took you a long time to find it out .
I hadn't thought of that .
Seek-Seek chuckled .
he enjoyed Peter 's admiration of his coat .
he is naturally rather talkative , and like most folks he enjoyed talking about himself .
my father was dressed just as I am .
Seek-Seek admitted that it was , and looked a little disappointed that Peter had guessed it .
the very first of all my great-great-grandfathers was called Seek-Seek .
then one day he met Mr Chipmunk .
at that time Seek-Seek was wearing plain stripes , just as Striped Chipmunk does to this day .
he told how he had tried to live like the other Squirrels and failed .
the place for us is on the ground or at least close to it .
one day he wandered out on the Green Meadows .
it was very lovely out there among the grasses and flowers .
there were no stones to hurt his feet and dull his nails , and he actually enjoyed digging .
so he dug and dug until he had a wonderful underground home .
he had found his place in the Great World .
your coat is altogether too much like that of Mr Chipmunk .
I must change it .
wherever her finger touched a little spot of yellow was left .
then she did the same thing to each of the other brown stripes .
WHERE OLD MR . OSPREY LEARNED TO FISH
Peter Rabbit had seen a very strange thing .
it was strange to Peter , anyway .
Peter didn't have to look twice to know that it was a member of the Hawk family .
at first he thought it was Redtail .
Peter didn't stop to think of that .
he wanted to see if any one would be caught .
you know Peter never misses anything if he can help it .
then Peter saw that he had a white waist-coat and was a stranger .
suddenly Mr Hawk paused high up in the air , then closed his wings and shot straight down like an arrow .
Peter couldn't believe his own eyes .
Mr Hawk actually had disappeared in the Smiling Pool !
up , up he went , and then Peter saw that in his great claws was a fish .
it was very plain that Jerry hadn't been the least bit frightened by Mr Hawk .
Peter couldn't understand it .
his eyes fairly popped out of his head with excitement and curiosity .
why did you run away , Peter ?
Peter was doing some fishing himself .
he was fishing for a story .
Jerry Muskrat grinned .
Peter grinned back and nodded .
so Jerry Muskrat told him this story :
the Great World was a new place , and they were new in it .
so the Great World began to be peopled with birds and animals .
Peter nodded , and Jerry took a drink of water and then went on with his tale .
and yet I guess it wasn't wholly bad .
anyway , because of that hard time , everybody became a little smarter than before .
you know an empty stomach sharpens wit , and fear puts a fine edge on it .
I just must have it , or I wouldn't bother you at all .
he tried to be just as nice and polite as Mr Osprey .
no , Sir , I never would go hungry .
you don't hear Billy Mink or Little Joe Otter or Mr Heron complaining about hard times .
because they don't know what hard times are .
there are plenty of fish to be caught , and when they are hungry they go fishing .
Mr Sparrow led the way straight to the Smiling Pool .
sure enough , there was the big fish taking a sun-bath .
after that , whenever he was hungry , he went fishing instead of hunting the birds and the animals .
and it 's been just that way ever since .
Peter did .
WHERE OLD MR . BOB-CAT LEFT HIS HONOR
and from that fear has grown hate .
you will find it true all through life that hate often springs from great fear .
he has no honor .
but Peter considers that these hunt him fairly .
he knows when and where to be on the watch for them .
but with Yowler it is altogether different .
he had been hopping along one of his favorite little paths without a thought of danger .
presently he came to a little branch path .
there he hesitated .
he knew no reason why he shouldn't keep on as he had planned .
so he hesitated and finally turned down the little branch path .
it was moving swiftly in the direction of the little branch path .
that glimpse was enough for Peter .
that fellow doesn't hunt fairly .
he doesn't give us a chance .
of course he hasn't any honor .
of course Yowler hasn't any .
already Mr Bob-cat had begun to form a sneaky habit of stealth .
Mr Bob-cat saw her , but she didn't see him .
he crouched flat until she was out of sight .
I wonder why .
I wonder if she has a secret hidden in those bushes .
he didn't know what they were , for they were the first eggs he had ever seen .
he stared at them and wondered if they were good to eat .
he glanced this way and that way to be sure that no one was watching him .
with a troubled mind she began to sit on her eggs .
she was so worried that she didn't leave them until she simply had to get something to eat .
there he lay and watched and watched until Mrs Gobbler left to get something to eat .
he bit a hole in one end and sucked out the contents .
it was so good he took another .
this led to a third , and finally Mr Bob-cat had sucked every one of those eggs .
then silently he sneaked away away from Turkey Wood to a distant part of the Green Forest .
behind him in Turkey Wood he left a nestful of empty shells and his honor .
he never would meet any one face to face .
you know that is something that one who has lost his honor never can do .
they shunned him .
of course Mrs Gobbler told her what had happened to her eggs .
the first time she met Mr Bob-cat he tried to slip past unseen .
and Peter agreed that it is .
WHERE DIPPY THE LOON GOT THE NAME OF BEING CRAZY
the fact is , Peter is very fond of roaming around at night .
so Peter felt quite safe .
he felt so safe that he had almost forgotten that there could be such a thing as fear .
it was a sound that made his heart seem to quite stop beating for an instant .
it was a sound that sent cold chills racing and chasing all over him .
it was a voice ; Peter was sure of that .
it was a voice , but such a voice as Peter never in his life had heard before .
something inside Peter told him that it wasn't a human voice , in spite of its sounding so .
when he tried to tell Grandfather Frog what that voice was like , he couldn't .
he just couldn't describe it .
oh , my , no !
everybody thought his was crazy , and it paid Mr Loon to have them think so .
he couldn't .
he just cleared his throat once or twice and began .
grandfather Frog chuckled and went right on with his story .
success was chiefly the result of luck and patience .
Mr Loon grew very thoughtful .
Mr Loon thanked her and started for the water .
he couldn't keep his balance .
then he swam away swiftly .
he practised a while and then he went fishing .
it pleased him to have them think him crazy , and he kept it up .
WHERE BIG-HORN GOT HIS CURVED HORNS
Peter delights in doing things like this , because it isn't hard work at all .
it is only when there is real work concerned that Peter loses interest .
a lot of people are just like Peter in this respect .
for a long time Peter had greatly admired those horns , though he never had told any one so .
he had admired those horns because they were different from any other horns Peter ever had seen .
now as he watched he spoke aloud , without thinking what he was doing .
Digger the Badger stopped watching his shadow , and turned to stare at Peter .
then he laughed until finally he choked .
Peter looked at him in surprise .
Peter grinned .
no , Sir , they are nothing to brag about .
one of those wild , free cousins of Mr Ram over there would laugh at those horns .
Peter pricked up his ears .
once more Digger began to laugh .
of course old Big-Horn didn't really have a chip on his shoulder .
that is just a saying , Peter , just a saying .
it wasn't that Big-Horn was ugly .
he wasn't .
those horns were almost straight , and with Big-Horn 's great strength behind them , they were truly dangerous weapons .
he didn't think of that .
no , Sir , he didn't think of that .
indeed , even when he tried to be gentle with those smaller than himself he was forever hurting some one .
so instead they called a meeting to which everybody except Big-Horn was invited .
if Big-Horn could have heard all that was said about him , his ears surely would have burned .
every one was of the opinion that something must be done , but just what no one could suggest .
but he did .
yes , Sir , he did .
he was right on hand at the appointed time .
fighting was fun to him , and he wanted some one who would stand up to him .
Mr Deer had horns and was somewhere near his size .
there lay Big-Horn on the ground , looking mighty puzzled , as if he wasn't quite sure what had happened .
what had happened ?
THE PINK FAIRY BOOK
all people in the world tell nursery tales to their children .
I am quite sure that this story is not true .
the other Danish and Swedish stories are not alarming .
they are translated by Mr W A Craigie .
Miss Alma Alleyne did the stories from Andersen , out of the German .
so far all the tales are true , and no further .
the Cat 's Elopement .
the Cat 's Elopement
Gon entreated his master to set matters right by buying Koma , but her mistress would not part from her .
time passed on , and one morning Gon lay before the house door , basking in the sun .
By-and-bye the princess herself got married , and brought a prince to dwell in the palace in the park .
so he commanded his guards to capture the young man and bring him before him .
so he went out and made his way straight to the stable where the flying horse was tethered .
and when night came he went away to the dragon 's house and climbed up on to the roof .
then he snatched up the covering and carried it to the king .
the dragon pressed as hard as he could , but the lid never moved .
the Goblin and the Grocer
I can eat my bread without cheese .
it would be a shame to leave the book to be torn up .
it was only said in fun .
and the Goblin put the tongue on the coffee-mill , and how it began to grind !
and on that he went down to the grocer again .
he could not himself say why he wept , but in spite of his tears he felt quite happy .
there he stood out on the cold landing , the autumn wind blowing through the cracks of the floor .
where was it ?
the alarm increased .
and it is just the same with us .
we also cannot quite give up the grocer because of the jam .
when the sun had risen high over the forest , the girl set out with a basin of soup .
not long afterwards she came to a house with lights in the windows .
the girl stepped into the dark entrance , and tapped at the door of the room .
by the stove lay three beasts , a hen , a cock , and a brindled cow .
the girl told the old man her story , and asked for a night 's lodging .
the man said :
the maiden went upstairs , and when she had made the bed , she lay down .
the woodcutter came home late in the evening , and reproached his wife for leaving him all day without food .
the man with the white hair again asked the beasts :
and when she asked for a bed , they replied :
she was much distressed , and thought constantly of her poor hungry father and her anxious mother .
the maiden therefore went upstairs , made the bed and put on clean sheets and fell asleep .
she slept peacefully till midnight , when there was such a noise in the house that she awoke .
Uraschimataro and the Turtle
there was once a worthy old couple who lived on the coast , and supported themselves by fishing .
I am so young and small , and I would so gladly live a little longer .
years flew by , and every morning Uraschimataro sailed his boat into the deep sea .
but he was a powerful swimmer , and struggled hard to reach the shore .
I will now pay my debt and show my gratitude .
the land is still far distant , and without my help you would never get there .
Uraschimataro did not wait to be asked twice , and thankfully accepted his friend 's help .
that he only knew later .
Uraschimataro thanked her from his heart , and swore solemnly to do her bidding .
the turtle bade him farewell , and was gone in a moment .
after all , everything was changed .
neither men nor houses were those he once knew .
anxiously he knocked at the door , and asked the woman who opened it after his parents .
but she did not know their names , and could give him no news of them .
here at any rate he would find out what it all meant .
and he was right .
perhaps after all this dreadful thing was not true .
almost unconsciously he opened it , and a purple vapour came pouring out .
it was the face of a mummy which looked back at him .
but she never came back any more , but instead , death came soon , and set him free .
these last words melted the good woman completely , and she unfastened the bonds that held him .
poor foolish creature !
you are caught in your own net .
with these words he turned and made for the forest .
next he took a hatchet , bade farewell to the old man , and departed to the forest .
he bent his steps to the dwelling of the Tanuki and knocked at the door .
the Tanuki fell straight into the water , and was held there by the hare till he was quite dead .
but he did not do that ; he knew another way of spending his money .
now his son inherited all this money .
it was an enchanted trunk , for as soon as the lock was pressed it could fly .
in this way he arrived at the land of the Turks .
he hid the trunk in a wood under some dry leaves , and then walked into the town .
he met a nurse with a little child .
they sat close to each other , and he told her a story about her eyes .
they were beautiful dark lakes in which her thoughts swam about like mermaids .
and her forehead was a snowy mountain , grand and shining .
these were lovely stories .
then he asked the princess to marry him , and she said yes at once .
they will be indeed proud that I receive the god of the Turks .
but mind you have a really good story ready , for my parents like them immensely .
but the princess gave him a sabre set with gold pieces which he could use .
when he had it ready it was Saturday .
the sultan , the sultana , and the whole court were at tea with the princess .
he was most graciously received .
then the woodcutter came , and our family was split up .
we have now the task of making light for the lowest people .
I will tell the story of my life .
all the plates clattered for joy .
there was nothing remarkable about her except that she had been dipped too deeply into the ink .
but she was very proud of that .
everyone was quite quiet .
there was not a sound .
and they treated the young man as one of the family .
the wedding was arranged , and the night before the whole town was illuminated .
and it was quite natural that he should want to do this .
oh ! what stories the people had to tell !
each one whom he asked had seen it differently , but they had all found it beautiful .
they were splendid things that he heard , and the next day was to be his wedding day .
the trunk had been burnt .
he could no longer fly , and could never reach his bride .
he meant the sun , which was just setting .
I wish I knew , though , how one ought to see about changing one 's position .
his hoarseness came on when he was a house-dog and used to lie in front of the stove .
I saw that last winter with your predecessor , and farther back still with his predecessors !
he meant the moon .
he will come up again tomorrow morning , and will soon teach you how to run away down the gutter .
the weather really did change .
but when the sun rose , it was a glorious sight .
they stopped near the Snow-man , and looked at the glistening trees .
the girl laughed , and nodded to the Snow-man , and then they both danced away over the snow .
that 's the conclusion I have come to .
my food was just as good , or even better .
I used to creep right under that stove .
I often dream of that stove still !
it is coal-black , and has a long neck with a brass pipe .
it eats firewood , so that fire spouts out of its mouth .
and the Snow-man looked in that direction , and saw a smooth polished object with a brass pipe .
the flicker from the fire reached him across the snow .
he had a feeling that such a being must be a lady .
I can't speak like other dogs .
it is certainly a very innocent wish , and our innocent wishes ought to be fulfilled .
but this Snow-man was different : how could he feel happy ?
the weather did change .
there came a thaw .
when this set in the Snow-man set off .
he did not say anything , and he did not complain , and those are bad signs .
one morning he broke up altogether .
the Snow-man had a stove-raker in his body !
that 's what was the matter with him !
and now it 's all over with him !
and before long it was all over with the winter too !
Woods , your bright green garments don !
and no one thought of the Snow-man .
but the garter was of a bashful disposition , and did not think it proper to answer .
that is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen !
and now there was no one he could marry , so he took to despising matrimony .
time passed , and the shirt-collar came in a rag-bag to the paper-mill .
I was such a fine gentleman , so stiff with starch !
I had a boot-jack and a hair-brush , which I never used !
you should just have seen me then !
never shall I forget my first love !
she was a girdle , so delicate and soft and pretty !
she threw herself into a wash-tub for my sake !
then there was a widow , who glowed with love for me .
but I left her alone , till she became black .
and that was because he had boasted so terribly about things which were not true .
this was hard to listen to , and she went and cried and vexed herself .
I am going on a journey and shall be away for a year .
the wise woman knew help for this .
it was sweet to taste , but afterwards was as bitter as gall .
six months after this , she brought into the world a little girl .
this was a long time to wait .
I must see my daughter at once .
the queen begged him to have patience till the morning .
but the king was quite unreasonable .
the king kept his promise .
in the morning he was also gone .
so it went every night .
the king then promised a large reward to the soldier who would volunteer for the post .
it was the capital of the country , and people of every king came to it to get work .
there he entered an inn where he sat down in the public room , and got something to eat .
but on this day they had , as yet , found no one .
these sat down beside Christian , and ordered drinks , and drank along with him .
he told these under-officers that he was one of that kind of folk who never are afraid of anything .
with that he felt as if he were rooted to the spot and could not move .
the little man then pushed him in at the door again , and locked it after him .
sentry , where are you ?
after this there was dead silence in the church .
then he came down from the pulpit , and stood with his musket in front of the princess 's chest .
see whether she had eaten him !
before he had been there two hours , he got tired of it , and thought only of getting away .
there you shall stay till you hear the lid of the chest slam down over the dead .
but there was no one there that night .
my father has set no sentry in , War and Pest this night begin .
at the same moment , it noticed the smith standing in front of the altar , and came rushing towards him .
he was taken up to the king again , and things went on as the day before .
the remainder of the day went like the previous one .
he played the boastful soldier , and the merry smith , and he had comrades and boon-companions in plenty .
at eight o'clock he had to put on his uniform again , and was shut up in the church .
so he decided to leave , without waiting so long as on the previous nights .
in that way he would escape the little man who had watched him before .
he gave no answer .
he could never get in at that window again , Christian said ; it was far too high up .
this evening you must stretch yourself out on the left-hand side of her chest .
the lid opens to the right , and she comes out to the left .
my father has set no sentry in , War and Pest will now begin .
then she went round the whole church , both up and down , sighing and weeping ,
my father has set no sentry in , War and Pest will now begin .
then she went away again , and at the same moment the clock in the tower struck one .
he heard also a multitude of footsteps , as if the church was being filled with people .
when it was silent , the light of day began to break in through the windows .
the smith sprang up out of the chest and fell on his knees and thanked God .
so they agreed that they would have each other , and love each other all their days .
the sons were quite satisfied .
they appointed a time when they were to return home , and then they all set out .
Just then a hare came running across the field towards them .
there was once a dreadfully wicked hobgoblin .
that was the best part of it , said the hobgoblin .
but one day the looking-glass was dropped , and it broke into a million-billion and more pieces .
for every tiny splinter of the glass possessed the same power that the whole glass had .
the hobgoblin laughed till his sides ached , but still the tiny bits of glass flew about .
and now we will hear all about it .
they were not brother and sister , but they loved each other just as much as if they were .
then they had splendid games .
his name was Kay , and hers was Gerda .
outside it was snowing fast .
but the grandmother stroked his hair , and told some more stories .
she was so beautiful and dainty , but all of ice , hard bright ice .
she nodded at the window , and beckoned with her hand .
the little boy was frightened , and sprang down from the chair .
it seemed as if a great white bird had flown past the window .
the next day there was a harder frost than before .
and poor Kay had also a splinter in his heart , and it began to change into a lump of ice .
just look ! that rose is all slug-eaten , and this one is stunted !
and he began to pull them to pieces .
very soon he could imitate the way all the people in the street walked and talked .
his games were now quite different .
just see how regular they are !
they are much more interesting than real flowers .
each is perfect ; they are all made according to rule .
it went quicker and quicker into the next street .
then he cried out , but nobody heard him .
he was dreadfully frightened .
the snowflakes grew larger and larger till they looked like great white birds .
the fur cloak and cap were all of snow .
it was a lady , tall and slim , and glittering .
it was the Snow-queen .
he felt as though he were sinking into a snow-drift .
then away they flew over forests and lakes , over sea and land .
but high up the moon shone large and bright , and thus Kay passed the long winter night .
in the day he slept at the Snow-queen 's feet .
but what happened to little Gerda when Kay did not come back ?
nobody knew .
Gerda cried a great deal .
the winter was long and dark to her .
then the spring came with warm sunshine .
so she went down to the river and got into a little boat that was there .
presently the stream began to carry it away .
before the door stood two wooden soldiers , who were shouldering arms .
Gerda called to them , but they naturally did not answer .
the river carried the boat on to the land .
then Gerda told her everything , and asked her if she had seen Kay .
but she said he had not passed that way yet , but he would soon come .
she then took Gerda 's hand and led her into the little house and shut the door .
then she led Gerda out into the garden .
the next day she played again with the flowers in the warm sunshine , and so many days passed by .
she ran to the end of the garden .
the gate was shut , but she pushed against the rusty lock so that it came open .
she ran out with her little bare feet .
no one came after her .
at last she could not run any longer , and she sat down on a large stone .
and she sprang up to run on .
then it asked the little girl why she was alone in the world .
she told the crow her story , and asked if he had seen Kay .
then he told her all he knew .
she has read all the newspapers in the world and has forgotten them again .
she is as clever as that .
the other day she came to the throne , and that is not so pleasant as people think .
of course his sweetheart was a crow .
there was a row stretching from the gate of the town up to the castle .
I must talk it over with my tame sweetheart .
it was late in the evening when he came back .
she took it out of the kitchen ; there 's plenty there , and you must be hungry .
you cannot come into the palace .
the guards in silver and the footmen in gold would not allow it .
you shall get in all right .
she remembered so well his clever eyes , his curly hair .
she put her head on one side and looked at Gerda , who bowed as her grandmother had taught her .
through beautiful rooms they came to the sleeping-room .
she pushed aside the curtain , and saw a brown neck .
oh , it was Kay !
she called his name out loud , holding the lamp towards him .
he woke up , turned his head and it was not Kay !
it was only his neck that was like Kay 's , but he was young and handsome .
the princess sat up in her lily-bed and asked who was there .
then Gerda cried , and told her story and all that the crows had done .
now they should have a reward .
and both crows bowed and asked for a permanent appointment , for they thought of their old age .
the next day she was dressed from head to foot in silk and satin .
the prince and princess helped her into the carriage and wished her good luck .
they came at last to a dark wood , but the coach lit it up like a torch .
they seized the horses , killed the coachman , footmen and postilions , and dragged Gerda out of the carriage .
and she dried Gerda 's eyes , and stuck both her hands in the beautiful warm muff .
the little robber-girl took Gerda to a corner of the robbers ' camp where she slept .
Gerda lay awake for some time .
she breathed on them , and all except we two died .
in the morning Gerda told her all that the wood-pigeons had said .
she nodded .
but you must go quickly and carry this little girl to the Snow-queen 's palace , where her playfellow is .
the reindeer sprang high for joy .
and Gerda cried for joy .
then the reindeer flew over the ground , through the great forest , as fast as he could .
and then he ran faster still , day and night .
there was no one in the house except an old Lapland woman who was cooking fish over an oil-lamp .
she laid a piece of ice on the reindeer 's head , and then read what was written on the stock-fish .
but that is because he has a splinter of glass in his heart and a bit in his eye .
she is powerful already , because she is a dear little innocent child .
the Snow-queen 's garden begins two miles from here .
then the Finland woman lifted little Gerda on the reindeer and away he sped .
she missed them in the piercing cold , but the reindeer did not dare to stop .
there stood poor Gerda , without shoes or gloves in the middle of the bitter cold of Finland .
she ran on as fast as she could .
and now we must see what Kay was doing .
he was not thinking of Gerda , and never dreamt that she was standing outside the palace .
the walls of the palace were built of driven snow , and the doors and windows of piercing winds .
there were more than a hundred halls in it all of frozen snow .
here the Snow-queen used to sit when she was at home .
he was pulling about some sharp , flat pieces of ice , and trying to fit one into the other .
he thought each was most beautiful , but that was because of the splinter of glass in his eye .
but he could not do it .
he sat so still that you would have thought he was frozen .
when they reached the bush with red berries there stood the reindeer waiting for them .
then they went to the Lapland woman , who gave them new clothes and mended their sleigh .
the reindeer ran with them until they came to the green fields fresh with the spring green .
here he said good-bye .
she and Gerda knew each other at once .
but Gerda patted her cheeks and asked after the prince and princess .
she makes a great fuss , but that 's all nonsense .
and Kay and Gerda told her all .
then she rode on .
there were the roses on the leads ; it was summer , warm , glorious summer .
there was once a pretty little fir-tree in a wood .
the tree did not like that at all .
but then they were laid on waggons and dragged out of the wood by horses .
they had the scent of fir-trees .
why do they keep their branches ?
they attain to the greatest splendour and magnificence you can imagine !
I am sick with longing .
now I am tall and grown-up like those which were taken away last year .
if I were only in the warm room with all the splendour and magnificence !
I am pining away !
and at Christmas-time it was the first to be cut down .
altogether the parting was not pleasant .
what was coming now ?
then the tapers would soon be lighted .
what will happen then ?
now the tapers were lighted .
now the tree did not even dare to quiver .
it was really terrible !
but I am only going to tell one story .
but it had already been in it , and played out its part .
and the man told them about Humpty Dumpty who fell downstairs and married a princess .
they wanted the story of Henny Penny also , but they only got Humpty Dumpty .
the fir-tree stood quite astonished and thoughtful ; the birds in the wood had never related anything like that .
I shall enjoy to the full all my splendour .
and the tree stood silent and lost in thought all through the night .
next morning the servants came in .
now the tree was quite covered ; it seemed as if it had been quite forgotten .
they sniffed at the fir-tree , and then crept between its boughs .
they were extremely inquisitive .
but they may come again .
but now that 's over too .
but when did that happen ?
the golden star was still on its highest bough , and it glittered in the bright sunlight .
one of the little ones ran up , and tore off the gold star .
and that 's the way with all stories !
here our Danish author ends .
this is what people call sentiment , and I hope you enjoy it !
Hans , the Mermaid 's Son
in a village there once lived a smith called Basmus , who was in a very poor way .
the smith then told his wife to cut a piece of bread for him .
in a while the boy came out to the smithy again .
Hans woke up and rubbed his eyes .
there were twelve threshing-floors , and the twelve men were at work on six of them two on each .
Hans must thresh by himself all that was lying upon the other six floors .
he then looked round for something else to work with , and found a pair of strong beams lying near .
next he caught sight of a horse-hide nailed up on the barn-door .
he then emptied down all the corn that he could lay his hands on and threshed away .
then he reported to the squire that that job also was done .
the squire said that that was well ; there was nothing more for him to do that day .
so Hans had no objections to make .
long before the sun was up next morning , all the twelve men were on foot .
they took all the best horses and carts , and drove off to the forest .
he took plenty of time to his breakfast , and then went out to get his horse and cart ready .
at length the other men came home with their loads .
the steward said that he would manage this all right .
after that they could just fill in the well , and then escape being at any expense for his funeral .
but Hans was hard to kill , as we shall see .
Hans woke up and rubbed his eyes .
he got up then and dressed himself , while the breakfast stood waiting for him .
when he had finished the whole of this , he asked what he was to do that day .
he was told to help the other men to clean out the well .
that was all right , and he went out and found the other men waiting for him .
at this , Hans would stay down no longer .
he would not be their priest , he said ; he had too little learning for that .
he was told that he must devise some plan for getting rid of this terrible person .
the scheme he had devised before had been of no use , and now good counsel was scarce .
meanwhile , Hans could do a little job where he would be free from these rascals .
there he got into the boat , rowed out upon the lake , and got everything ready to fish .
old Eric hasn't taken him .
Out goes the squire again to Hans .
as he sat there and took his bite , a man came riding past him .
this brought it down on its hind legs , and the man went flying over its head into a ditch .
he hammered at the gate ; still no one appeared .
a whole troop of little demons came down upon him and asked what he wanted .
his master 's compliments , said Hans , and he wanted three years ' tribute .
they told him that a messenger had come from the squire at Devilmoss to demand three years ' tribute .
he had knocked the gate to pieces and bruised their arms and legs with his iron staff .
so all the little demons came dragging so much silver and gold that it was something awful .
but Hans was also tired of service now .
the other half he took home to his father the smith in Furreby .
since that time no one has ever seen Hans , the Mermaid 's son .
they continued to prosper , and became rich people , but there was no heir to it all .
he also promised to tell no one about it , and to bring the calf round in the evening .
in another week the man came again to learn what progress Peter had made now .
the clerk drank the ale himself , and gave the calf milk , which he thought would be better for it .
meanwhile the clerk decided that the calf was as fat as it could be , so he killed it .
when I came out again Peter had gone off on his own account .
he put the newspaper in his pocket , and went round to the sorrowing couple who had lost their heir .
it was no short way , and he travelled for many days before he finally arrived there .
yes , he was , said the people , but he was not up yet .
the peasant rushed straight up to him and took a firm hold of him .
he got out of bed and made haste to dress himself .
he has done well by you , for now you look just like a human being .
to him they gave all their wealth , and lived with him till their dying day .
the king granted his request , and fitted him out in the finest fashion .
this prince also was fitted out in the finest manner , like his brothers , and so rode away .
the prince answered that his errand was too important to be confided to everyone that he met .
when they had traversed the forest together they saw the castle at some distance .
the prince took the grains of gold , and promised to follow the fox 's directions faithfully .
at the same time he strictly warned him not to kiss the princess .
the prince promised to be firm this time .
they soon arrived at the inn where the two eldest brothers had stayed , forgetting their errand .
but now no merry song or noise of mirth was heard from it .
then they set the princess on horseback , took the bird Grip , and rode homeward .
nor was the fox angry with him for having forgot his last warning .
Contes Populaires Slaves , traduits par Louis Leger .
Paris : Leroux , Editeur .
but there is no use making a woman .
they shaped a little body and two little hands and two little feet .
they had finished the nose and the chin .
two holes were left for the eyes , and Ivan carefully shaped out the mouth .
the snow-child bent its head as if it had been really alive .
the old couple hardly knew how to contain themselves for joy , and thought of nothing else .
nobody knew how clever she was !
she noticed everything , and could learn a lesson in a moment .
anyone would have taken her for thirteen at least !
only her cheeks had no colour in them , but were as fair as her forehead .
the grass grew green in the fields , and high in the air the larks were heard singing .
only Snowflake sat quite still by the window of the cottage .
her only pleasure was to lie amid the green willows near some sparkling stream .
the spring passed , and it was the eve of St John , or Midsummer Day .
but Marie was afraid ; she could not tell why , only she could not bear the child to go .
Snowflake did not wish to go either , but they had no excuse ready .
and they all began to sing and to jump one after another across the fire .
suddenly , close behind them , they heard a sigh , then a groan .
they turned hastily and looked at each other .
there was nothing .
they looked again .
where was Snowflake ?
she has hidden herself for fun , they thought , and searched for her everywhere .
but there was no answer .
they returned to the village , but there was no Snowflake .
for days after that they sought her high and low .
they examined every bush and every hedge , but there was no Snowflake .
and sometimes they thought they heard a call , but it was never the voice of Snowflake .
had a fierce wild beast seized her and dragged her into his lair in the forest ?
had some bird carried her off across the wide blue sea ?
no , no beast had touched her , no bird had borne her away .
then he entered the mound along with her .
his wife then grew angry and scolded him heartily .
after some time had passed the man had a mind to visit his second eldest daughter .
soon after this the troll came home .
it was dark by that time , and his wife bade him go and buy some candles .
with that he dipped his fingers into the fire , and they then gave light without being burned in the least .
the old man got two sacks of money here , and plodded away homewards with these .
the man now asked her to come and help him home with the two sacks of money .
a third time the man set out to visit his eldest daughter .
the daughter then came out of the mound and invited her father to come inside .
in a little the troll came home , and his wife asked him to go and buy some fish .
they seated themselves in the trough , and rowed out on the lake which was beside the mound .
they then rowed home again , and had a good meal off the fish .
the old man now got three sacks full of money , and set off home with them .
when he was almost home the cow again came into his head , and he laid down the money .
then he ran home and asked his wife whether the cow had calved .
they both seated themselves in this , and rowed upon the lake .
and very soon a window was pushed up , and a woman 's head was thrust out of it .
and he sat down on her doorstep and set about patching them .
and he went his way .
and the shoemaker sat down on the doorstep and patched them .
and she shut the window .
then he rode on .
his companions agreed , and then he told his wife to put a mattress in the stable .
they entered with a great noise , and overwhelmed the shoemaker with reproaches for having deceived them about the donkey .
you shall have back the fifty gold pieces that you gave for him .
the blood spurted out freely , and she fell to the ground as if she was dead .
oh , abominable knave !
when he had given these directions he ran out of the back door and hid behind a barrel .
a few minutes later the robbers arrived , and called loudly for the shoemaker .
and she opened the door and let the dog out .
the dog bounded off , but ran straight to the shoemaker .
so they put the sack down by the roadside , and went into the church .
as they came back they met the shoemaker , and stared at him with open mouths .
then he led the robbers back to the shore .
one day he had wandered far and wide , and was feeling very tired and thirsty .
they were very poor , and earned their living by spinning .
and he made haste back , and told the king .
as before , the old woman did not open the door , but passed the water through the lattice .
then the servant went back to the king , and told him all he knew .
the servant returned a third time to the little house and knocked at the door .
if it should ever do so I shall instantly grow black .
and the king believed her words , and the marriage took place without the veil being once lifted .
and , in a furious burst of anger , he dashed open the window and flung her out .
the next morning when the king looked from his window he saw this lovely creature hanging on the nail .
and at the second blow her head rolled off , and the old woman was dead for good and all .
Catherine and Her Destiny
Sicilianische Mahrchen von Laura Gonzenbach .
Leipzig , Engelmann , @number@
but his greatest treasure of all was his only daughter , who was called Catherine .
now this beautiful lady was the Destiny of poor Catherine .
the shock was too much for him .
he took to his bed , and in a short time he was dead of his disappointment .
so poor Catherine was left alone in the world without a penny or a creature to help her .
so she went away , and Catherine took her work and sat down at the window .
when the mistress reached home she called Catherine , but no Catherine was there .
then her lady 's Destiny would come and take away the offering .
and then Catherine told her story .
then Catherine put on her best clothes and went to the court , and looked more beautiful than any woman there .
but he only gave them hard words , and spoke roughly to them .
and he drove them away .
and if any presented themselves that were not skilled workmen he would have none of them .
but he was only driven away like the rest .
and they set out together on the ship .
and he came on the ship .
and the youth did so .
in the Underworld sits a quail on a tree , and I wanted to shoot it .
that is my business .
but the hermit knew what he was about , and why he gathered these strange people into the ship .
the young man went out , sorely troubled , to tell his old friend what had happened .
then he drew his bow , and shot an arrow straight into the man 's knee .
the young man went sadly out , and asked the hermit what he was to do .
and the youth was glad , and called the strong man , and told him what he must do .
the strong man promised , and nobly kept his word .
at last he took the king 's crown , and put it on the top .
so they sailed back to the palace , and told the king what strange things had happened .
meanwhile the young man 's vessel reached home in safety .
then the young man 's heart stood still , for he loved her dearly .
I gave you my help because you had pity on those that were in need .
as he spoke he softly touched their heads and vanished .
Barcelona , @number@
three brothers and one sister lived together in a small cottage , and they loved one another dearly .
follow this path , and when you reach the mountain you will find it covered with stones .
then she cried out to her brothers that something terrible had come to pass .
and he went .
the young man thanked him for his counsel , and set out for the mountain .
he stopped and looked back ; and another stone was added to the number .
meanwhile the sister left at home was counting the days when her two brothers should return to her .
the young man thanked the giant for his counsel , and set forth to the mountain .
but as she mounted the clamour increased sevenfold : high above them all rang the voices of her three brothers .
but the girl took no heed , and at last her feet stood upon the top .
then she looked round , and saw , lying in a hollow , the pool of the water of life .
and she took the brazen pitcher that she had brought with her , and filled it to the brim .
so he went home and told his parents , and gained their consent to wed her for his wife .
then the marriage was celebrated in the church adjoining the palace .
Cuentos Populars Catalans .
one day she arrived at a thatched cottage , and inquired if they could give her any work .
so she became a cowherd .
you can guess how frightened she was !
after that she returned to her flock , but they were nowhere to be seen .
she fell on her knees before him and washed his wounds one by one , and laid healing herbs upon them .
but the girl said she had her pigs to watch , and she must go and see after them .
she whistled and called , but only the birds answered her .
but it was no use ; there was not a sign of the pigs .
at last she thought that perhaps if she climbed a tree she might see further .
the maiden rubbed her eyes and wondered if she had been dreaming .
the path led to a beautiful house .
next morning out came the lion .
he looked sharply about him on all sides , but saw no one , and then vanished into the forest .
thus three days went by , and every day she went and tidied up the palace .
and the girl combed it and combed it till it was brighter than ever .
and when it was finished she carried it to the giant .
so they went together to the king 's palace .
once upon a time there were seven brothers , who were orphans , and had no sister .
therefore they were obliged to do all their own housework .
he consented willingly , and the six young men set off in good spirits .
she was not very unhappy , but one thought troubled her .
the old man was much amused .
and on his return the old fellow asked what it all meant .
its doors are of iron , and round it runs a deep moat , spanned by no bridge .
she left out nothing , even telling him the story of her husband 's heart .
pray help yourself .
and the ox lay down comfortably , licking his lips , and made a hearty meal .
and the two enjoyed their meal together .
for a long time the youth walked on .
by evening he was miles away .
he heard a sound overhead like the flapping of wings , and a shadow was cast upon the ground .
he gathered up his things , and started to walk a little farther before resting .
scarcely had the thought crossed his brain before the ox appeared and began to drink up the water .
the young man hurried home as fast as possible , and reached the cottage before evening .
presently the old man came home , and complained of feeling ill .
I feel death gripping me !
then there was great joy , and kissing and embracing .
but his brother was sorry for the fish , and put in a word for him .
put him back into the sea .
you know if he is lying to us we can always catch him again .
now , we will each seek our own adventures .
the elder brother rode straight on till he reached the borders of a strange kingdom .
what could the poor girl do ?
this time there was no knight to come to her aid .
in this manner several days went by .
so before sunrise he stole out early , saddled his horse , and rode off to the mountain .
then the young man told him his story , and added .
for she has an ointment that will heal all wounds , and even wake the dead .
the young man was grateful for these words , and promised to obey them .
then he rode on , and soon reached the castle .
he walked boldly up the steps and entered the hall , where the hideous old witch came to meet him .
now the witch 's strength was all gone from her , and she had to obey .
the young man looked at them all and shook his head .
the two brothers remained together , the elder tightly grasping the ointment which had brought him back to life .
when she saw him she sprang up with a cry , and threw herself into his arms .
the man then went on his way , and left the boy looking after him .
then he ran along behind the mounds , and met the man at the other end of them .
when the horse saw this it changed itself to a dove , and flew up into the air .
the dove now turned into a gold ring , and fell into a girl 's lap .
all this time his father and brothers had had no news of him , and were very anxious .
I must try myself , and seek him as well as her .
but he fared no better than his brother , and in eight days his head was cut off .
it is quite clear now what has befallen my brothers .
on the way he met an old woman , who stopped and begged .
then he told her how he had set his heart on finding the king 's daughter .
and she went away .
below the floor there was a staircase , which he went down till he reached a door at the foot .
all twelve girls wore the same clothes , and were as like each other as two peas .
but the princess took the lion into her own room and laid it on the floor .
on the eighth day he entered the room where the king was sitting .
once upon a time there lived a man with one daughter and he made her work hard all the day .
and what was inside after all ?
so she walked and she walked and she walked , till she arrived at a house built of straw .
and she knocked at the door , and asked if they wanted a servant .
the mistress said she did , and if the girl was willing she might stay .
then she told her story how she was going through the world seeking after her husband .
I have come to ask if , of your charity , you will help me in my need .
and she told him the whole story .
but the girl did not go as the Wind expected .
who can tell the despair which seized the poor maiden when she heard this news !
down came the Wind right in the middle of their lace and satin and trimmings of pearl !
after them ran the tailors , catching , jumping , climbing , but all to no purpose !
the lace was torn , the satin stained , the pearls knocked off !
it was plainly quite impossible that the wedding clothes could be ready next day .
now the maiden hid her gold in the pocket of her dress , and turned away from the castle .
then she went back to the castle , and asked if the princess wished to buy any petticoats .
this time the maiden answered that the price of the dress was the permission to see the bridegroom .
so the maiden was led to the rooms which had been given to her husband .
a king had two sons .
they were a pair of reckless fellows , who always had something foolish to do .
one day they rowed out alone on the sea in a little boat .
the princes had to hold fast by the seats to keep from being thrown out of the boat .
as soon as they had done so the storm ceased and the waves fell .
the prince was now in the witch 's power , and in her service .
the first thing she set him to was to pick feathers .
the prince got a little axe and set to work at once .
she then came to him , dragging a shaggy little grey ass with long ears .
they were then taken to the bridal chamber , and the door was shut .
I shall lay two pieces of wood in the bed to answer for us when the witch speaks to us .
when this was done there was a large thick forest behind them .
meanwhile the fugitives had reached the castle which was the prince 's home .
they climbed over the garden wall , ran across the garden , and crept in at an open window .
within the castle there was great rejoicing over the prince and his bride .
the Troll 's Daughter
there was once a lad who went to look for a place .
as he went along he met a man , who asked him where he was going .
the latter was a great troll , and had marvellous power over both men and beasts .
next day the lad had to begin his service .
they shot and shot at him , and he ran and ran .
next day he got his old task of feeding all the wild beasts .
in this way he came right out into the sea , and swam further and further out .
at last he came to a glass palace , which stood at the bottom of the sea .
in a moment he stood in human form at the bottom of the sea .
you have then answered his first question .
he will then cause all kinds of fish to come before you , and you shall choose between them .
he obtained his request , and was taken on as stableman , to tend the king 's horses .
they were measured and found to be correct .
the old debt was honestly paid , and the king got his bond back again .
there was nothing else to be done than to try to answer the troll 's riddles .
the fool then stationed himself just by the king 's side while the troll came forward with his questions .
and if they have not died since they are living there to this day .
Esben and the Witch
Far within the wood they came to a little house , and knocked at the door .
the eleven brothers thought that they had come to very hospitable people .
he told these to change night-caps with the witch 's daughters .
when midnight came Esben heard the old witch come creeping along .
she had a broad-bladed axe in her hand , and went over all the eleven beds .
they quite forgot to thank Esben for what he had done for them .
they were quite ready for this , and got the task of looking after all the king 's horses .
at this time there was in the palace a knight who was called Sir Red .
but they would not procure it unless they were threatened with death .
Straightway the stick carried him across the river and straight into the old witch 's courtyard .
the stick carried Esben with the dove back to the king 's palace , and his brothers were greatly delighted .
the king thanked them many times for the dove , and gave them in return both silver and gold .
with that they had to go .
this was still worse than before , they thought .
where could they get such a marvellous boar ?
off went the stick with him , and very soon he was again in the witch 's courtyard .
not one of them , however , ever thought of thanking Esben for what he had done for them .
again the king sent a message to the brothers to come up to the palace .
as soon as they came before the king he said to them ,
the brothers were now in greater despair than ever .
they did not know what to do , for such a lamp no one had ever heard of .
with that both he and his bushel of salt were over beside the witch 's courtyard .
she had grown hungry , and had taken such a fancy to some porridge .
the daughter got out of bed , kindled the fire , and put on a pot with water in it .
the witch took a spoonful and tasted it .
then he made off with the lamp .
but the witch got out of her bed and ran after him , crying :
the king gave them many fine presents , but Esben did not get even so much as thanks from them .
the king asked what that was .
things looked very black again for the brothers , for they were sure there was no escape for them .
the witch awoke , sprang out of bed , and caught hold of Esben .
the daughter went and told Esben , and asked him what she should do .
the daughter promised all this , and the witch went off on her journey .
Esben now went up to the king and gave him the coverlet , with which the king was greatly delighted .
under these circumstances it is not surprising that the Council did not get through much work .
then he continued his journey .
but he was not to be let off so easy .
really , you seem to have been very nicely brought up !
Souci felt this to be true , and was sorry for the old woman .
matters went on this way for some time .
for a moment Souci was very much cast down on hearing this , but then he plucked up .
and he took it and went away .
so saying , she also went away .
then Souci 's heart died within him .
then he rolled up the thread and put it carefully into his pocket , breathing silent thanks to the fairy .
then the princess felt that she was slowly , and against her will , being dragged to the ground .
come here , my darling !
I will teach you to make war on my friends !
then she felt sure that the fairy had not forgotten her , and took heart .
the wife died , and the man married again .
the little fellow was quite willing , and she gave him the biggest share of her pancakes .
they were not particularly good , but when one is hungry anything tastes well .
Maiden Bright-eye thanked the little bergman ever so often , and drove home her sheep in the evening .
by that time she had grown so beautiful that her people could scarcely recognise her .
her stepmother asked her how it had come about that she had grown so beautiful .
she did not tell , however , that she had given him a share of her dinner .
next morning she baked for her the finest cakes , and dressed her prettily to go out with the sheep .
I shall give you three wishes , and choose them for you .
now we must hear something about the stepson .
he had gone out into the world to look about him , and took service in the king 's palace .
he told them that it was because he had such a lovely sister at home .
he got a ship , and everything else that he required , and sailed home for his sister .
when the brother learned what had happened he was greatly distressed , and did not know what to do .
in the long run he decided to hold on his way , and let things go as they liked .
the duck swam away after the ship , and came to the king 's palace on the next evening .
the duck hopped up till it could talk to the dog .
they had heard it say that it would come again .
after this it slipped out , and no one could get hold of it .
all three were married , and their wives were very good friends .
there he stood and barked and growled at everyone that moved in his neighbourhood .
the neighbour wives knew all about this , and were greatly amused at it .
the husband now began to grow anxious , and thought that perhaps he was not quite well .
here comes Death .
and she did so .
it was now the turn of the smith 's wife .
you are sleeping too long .
the smith was quite confused ; he knew nothing about any funeral .
the lid sprang off the coffin with the shock , and the carpenter woke up and looked out .
there once lived a king and a queen who ruled over a very great kingdom .
one day a poor old woman came to the castle and asked to speak with the queen .
the royal servants answered that they could not let such a poor beggar-woman go in to their royal mistress .
they offered her a penny , and told her to go away .
this message was taken to the queen , who gave orders to bring the old woman to her .
this was done , and the old woman said to her :
they were both alike in size and appearance .
the prince obeyed , had his horses harnessed to his gilded chariot , and set out to woo his bride .
so it happened every time that the king and queen compelled any woman to be his bride .
the report of this soon spread over all the country .
she begged that she might be allowed to spend another night in her father 's house .
this was granted her , and she went to her mother 's grave .
there she found three nuts , which she carefully put away in her pocket .
then she went home , and set out quite willingly with the king 's messengers .
then his bride took off one of her snow-white shirts , and cast it on the lindorm's skin .
again he ordered her to undress , and again she commanded him to do so first .
he told them of the wonderful sight he had seen .
the waiting-woman was then summoned , and admitted that she had thrown it out through the window into the forest .
the king and queen now sent for their eldest son and his young bride .
soon afterwards his mother also departed from this world .
then he took farewell of his queen , and marched out to war .
soon after this the queen had two children , the prettiest boys that anyone could see .
the queen gave her permission , and the stepmother combed her hair until she fell asleep .
the queen obeyed , and no one knew but that both she and her children had been burned .
he then begged her to leave the palace before the king returned .
the queen now took her two little sons , and wandered out into the wild forest .
they walked all day without ending a human habitation , and became very tired .
the queen then caught sight of a man who carried some venison .
she washed the shirts , and hung them up to dry , and said nothing to Peter about the matter .
then at a distance she heard a terrible voice demanding to know what she wanted .
the queen then took one of her nuts and cracked it , and turned her horse about .
the Jackal , the Dove , and the Panther
Contes populaires des Bassoutos .
Paris : Leroux , Editeur .
there was once a dove who built a nice soft nest as a home for her three little ones .
the jackal ate it up , and went home to sleep .
he could never have jumped so high .
and with these words the heron flew off .
then the jackal nodded good-bye , and went quickly after the heron .
with one bound the jackal had seized him by the neck , and began to shake him .
and , what was worse , she did not find the little ones either .
so the panther drew near the cleft of the rock .
she was still standing in the same place when a baboon went by .
Contes populaires des Bassoutos .
Paris : Leroux , Editeur .
but the nyamatsane was not so easy to find as the woman had hoped .
but there were no more nyamatsanes here than anywhere else .
and they led their grandmother outside , and all of them began hungrily to eat pebbles .
so they returned home .
quick , give me something to drink .
so the woman took the liver and ate it all herself .
she wandered in this manner through the whole village till she had drunk every water-pot dry .
but by this time she had drunk so much that she could not rise from the ground .
he saw at once that the water had been troubled again , and was very angry .
so Big Lion sent for the little hare , and asked him what he meant by talking like that .
then he turned and ran as fast as he could , with all the other beasts pursuing him .
I 've got such a wonderful secret to tell you !
rabbit , my friend , be quick , be quick !
and the rabbit came in a great hurry and pulled him out .
it is your own fault .
why were you such a fool as to let yourself be thrown in ?
so they all entered into the Animal Kingdom .
and she and her baby went away in a fright .
and it was shut , and great stones were rolled against it .
I must try some other plan .
but there was no answer , not even a growl , for the hailstones had killed Big Lion .
so , dressed in Big Lion 's skin , the little hare started on his travels .
and the next day they hid themselves and waited till the little hare came out of the royal hut .
but the hyaena never stirred .
at last , one morning her opportunity came .
she threw her broom at the bird , who was perched on a bracket high up on the wall .
by this time the woman was more furious than ever .
and it was even worse than he expected .
when she had got it into her head , she put on her best clothes and set out at once .
the eldest was called Peppe , the second Alfin , and the youngest Ciccu .
then they built a little hut where they might take shelter , and set to work .
to my son Peppe I leave the branches .
to my son Alfin I leave the trunk .
to my son Ciccu I leave the fruit .
besides the house and tree , I have an old coverlet , which I leave to my eldest son .
thus speaking , he laid himself down , and died quietly .
when he blows at the small end the seas shall be covered with ships .
so they vanished , without knowing that Ciccu had been awake and heard all they said .
so saying he picked up his bundle of sticks , and his brothers did the same .
then he paid the bill and joined his brothers .
then he embraced them , and struck down another road .
and Ciccu received him with all respect , and showed him over the house .
then he took up the coverlet , and wished he was safe in his own house .
then the king rose up in a fury , and commanded Ciccu to be brought before him .
what could Ciccu do ?
so the best figs were carefully packed in a basket , and Peppe set out with it to the castle .
when the basket was uncovered some beautiful purple figs lay on the top , but underneath there was nothing but horns .
then Ciccu went back to the Court and served the king , and the king loved him .
he himself hid carefully under the bed and waited .
I never took any measures .
how am I to know if it is big enough ?
but now I come to think of it , Ciccu was about your size .
at length they came to the castle where the fairest in the world lived with her parents .
but she said nothing , and they rode on fast , fast .
and Ciccu saw it was the very same eagle that he had freed from the snare .
so he took the veil and rode back to the king .
then get down , and scrape off the foam with a knife .
and in a moment the fire caught him , and he was burned up .
so Ciccu married the fairest in the world , and became king of the country .
don Giovanni De La Fortuna
now Don Giovanni was a man who never troubled his head about the future .
and every day these got worse and worse .
PUCK OF POOK'S HILL
young Men at the Manor Sir Richard 's Song
the Knights of the Joyous Venture Harp Song of the Dane Women Thorkild 's Song
old Men at Pevensey The Runes on Weland 's Sword
the Treasure and the Law Song of the Fifth River The Children 's Song
Puck 's Song
she has ground her corn and paid her tax Ever since Domesday Book .
Dan was Puck and Nick Bottom , as well as all three Fairies .
Una was Titania , with a wreath of columbines and a foxglove wand .
the Theatre lay in a meadow called the Long Slip .
everything else was a sort of thick , sleepy stillness smelling of meadow-sweet and dry grass .
their play went beautifully .
this was when they heard a whistle among the alders on the bank , and they jumped .
the bushes parted .
the children looked and gasped .
the small thing he was no taller than Dan 's shoulder stepped quietly into the Ring .
at last he laughed .
it isn't my fault .
Pook 's Hill Puck 's Hill Puck 's Hill Pook 's Hill !
the little fellow shook with laughter .
that 's just why you did it .
I 'm the only one left .
his eyes did not twinkle any more .
they were very kind , and there was the beginning of a good smile on his lips .
Una put out her hand .
that 'll show you the sort of person I am .
he brushed the crumbs carefully from his doublet and shook hands .
the echoes flapped all along the flat meadow .
he held out the turves .
Puck laughed .
he turned his eyes on Una .
Dan followed her example at once .
the children shut their eyes , but nothing happened .
let's sit down again and think .
and the Horses of the Hills picked their way from one wave to another by the lightning flashes !
Una asked .
they dropped off , one by one , through the centuries .
most of them were foreigners who couldn't stand our climate .
England is a bad country for Gods .
now , I began as I mean to go on .
I belong here , you see , and I have been mixed up with people all my days .
I never liked it .
but what was the result ?
men don't like being sacrificed at the best of times ; they don't even like sacrificing their farm-horses .
I remember one Goddess called Belisama .
she became a common wet water-spirit somewhere in Lancashire .
and there were hundreds of other friends of mine .
first they were Gods .
he was called Weland , and he was a smith to some Gods .
I 've forgotten their names , but he used to make them swords and spears .
she had been reading the book .
they rearranged themselves comfortably , each chewing a grass stem .
Puck propped himself on one strong arm and went on :
Dan pointed south .
bitter cold it was !
I didn't care !
but the pirates conquered the country , and for centuries Weland was a most important God .
that counted the same as if a man and a horse had been killed .
I saw poor Weland 's face through the smoke , and I couldn't help laughing .
Puck turned , lay on his other elbow , and thought for a long time .
he was a free man and burned charcoal hereabouts .
I 've known the family , father and son , so long that I get confused sometimes .
he jerked his head westward , where the valley narrows between wooded hills and steep hop-fields .
then he sat down and went to sleep .
it was Weland himself .
he had a wonderful touch with horses .
the old beast was whinnying on his shoulder .
Puck nodded , gravely .
I didn't care !
Hugh was his name , and he had got up to go fishing hereabouts .
Hugh heard the farmer shouting , and asked him what in the world he meant .
but the novice wasn't a fool .
at last he confessed that the Smith had done it .
he said he 'd tell the Abbot that the novice wanted him to worship heathen Gods .
then Hugh the novice lost his temper .
he was delighted .
he had worked for his living and he paid his debts before he left .
then he made a sword a dark-grey , wavy-lined sword and I blew the fire while he hammered .
by Oak , Ash and Thorn , I tell you , Weland was a Smith of the Gods !
even the user will never know how good it is .
you saw me come to England , and you see me go .
that was how it happened .
both children drew a long breath .
he gave them each three leaves one of Oak , one of Ash and one of Thorn .
they bit hard , and found themselves walking side by side to the lower gate .
their father was leaning over it .
Una shook her head and said nothing .
but why are you chewing leaves at your time of life , daughter ?
sing Oak and Ash and Thorn , good Sirs ( all of a Midsummer morn ) !
surely we sing no little thing , In Oak and Ash and Thorn !
sing Oak and Ash and Thorn , good Sirs ( all of a Midsummer morn ) !
England shall bide till Judgement Tide , By Oak and Ash and Thorn !
YOUNG MEN AT THE MANOR
the trees closing overhead made long tunnels through which the sunshine worked in blobs and patches .
when they were in the open they nearly fell down with astonishment .
on his back sat an old , white-haired man dressed in a loose glimmery gown of chain-mail .
he was bare-headed , and a nut-shaped iron helmet hung at his saddle-bow .
Una walked behind with Puck .
she remembered everything now .
the knight isn't a fairy .
he 's Sir Richard Dalyngridge , a very old friend of mine .
Dan called back .
he 's got it .
I did not then know that England would conquer me .
we fought .
at the day 's end they ran .
there a single Saxon cried out to me in French , and we fought together .
I should have known his voice , but we fought together .
you have spared my life .
thus , see you , he saved my life .
Dan asked .
Sir Richard smiled to himself .
it was near midnight , and the Great Hall was full of men and women waiting news .
but I looked at the Lady Aelueva where she stood among her maids , and her brother beside her .
but my voice shook .
it is it was not good to jest with that little man .
surely I can do no less than give the lad what he has taken .
now , mount , men , and ride .
hold the Manor and live .
she had never seen the face of war !
we heard De Aquila 's trumpets blow thin through the woods Kentward .
and we would have hanged thee .
we beat them off , and saved our pork .
Sir Richard laughed .
help me , Hugh , to deal aright with these people .
ah , wonderful people !
Dan looked at Una , and Una looked at Dan .
this must serve till the King 's clerks write out thy title on a parchment .
I asked , and I remember I was proud beyond words .
de Aquila wheeled aside , and his shield shook on his back .
by night he drank with us in the hut .
he had made his voice harsh and croaking , like a raven 's .
it is truth .
my Saxons would not harm Richard now .
he carried only the short knife and the long-bow .
then De Aquila laughed till the tears ran down his face .
very often I myself lay up in the woods and watched on her also .
the knight was silent for a long time , his face turned across the valley , smiling .
dust lay on the hilt , for I saw him blow it off .
de Aquila leaped up ; but there was only the moonlight fretty on the floor .
last time it spoke was at Hastings , when I lost all my lands .
what will she say to Sir Richard ?
we noticed it just now .
and we 've caught no end of fish .
and they honestly believed that they had .
they never noticed the Oak , Ash and Thorn leaves that Puck had slyly thrown into their laps .
Sir Richard 's Song
THE KNIGHTS OF THE JOYOUS VENTURE
Harp Song of the Dane Women
then the little voices of the slipping water began again .
she had given up trying to read .
Dan lay over the bows , trailing his hands in the current .
they heard feet on the gravel-bar that runs half across the pool and saw Sir Richard Dalyngridge standing over them .
he sat him in the comfortable crotch of an old ash-root on the bank .
he had been doing geography at his last lesson .
this is an old song !
he leaned forward , and the shadows of the leaves slipped and slid upon his chain-mail .
his hand fell on the hilt of the great sword .
so Dan read to the poem 's very end .
Dan shut the book .
my venture was South .
but she died .
she died .
if Red William be dead I may have to fight for my lands .
their master was a knight of Artois .
he served the Duke of Burgundy against the Moors in Spain , and was returning to that war with his dogs .
our own ship was swallowed up in the mist .
he was stout , with bowed legs and long arms .
he put a finger to the corner of each eye , and pushed it up till his eyes narrowed to slits .
we thought he was a devil .
unless ye choose to drown yourselves no hair of your head will be harmed here aboard .
here Hugh and I slept , with Witta and the Yellow Man , upon tapestries as soft as wool .
seeing us start Witta laughed , and showed us it was but a great-beaked grey bird with a red tail .
yet she was no more than a silly bird .
he looked at their smiling faces .
but here is another marvel .
the Yellow Man , whose name was Kitai , had with him a brown box .
again Sir Richard looked keenly at the children .
Dan fished out his old brass pocket-compass , that generally lived with his knife and key-ring .
the knight drew a long breath of wonder .
the Wise Iron shook and swung in just this fashion .
now it is still .
Sir Richard looked relieved .
it was magic to us .
Hugh liked it well from the first .
there is a sickness of the sea which for three days is pure death !
when we next saw land Witta said it was Spain , and we stood out to sea .
Dates is the name .
Witta feared nothing except to be poor .
I do not set my life adrift on a plank for joy , or the venture .
this craft his father Guthrum had shown him .
he knew all the care of a ship .
we lay there eight days , till men in skins threw stones at us .
that shore is sandy , and we rowed along it within three bowshots .
here we saw whales , and fish in the shape of shields , but longer than our ship .
some slept , some opened their mouths at us , and some danced on the hot waters .
Knight though I was , I pulled my oar amongst the rowers .
I caught seaweed and dried it , and stuffed it between the pots of beads lest they should break .
knighthood is for the land .
but Hugh had tenfold more sea-cunning than I Witta gave him charge of the rowers of the left side .
they saw that no man Was idle .
she was the ship 's bird .
those were good days for a wifeless man with Witta and his heathen beyond the world 's end ....y
ye shall hear .
here we lost the sun .
the water was foul , and great glittering flies tormented us .
morning and evening a blue mist covered the mud , which bred fevers .
only the Bird throve .
she sat on Witta 's shoulder and screamed in that noisome , silent darkness .
he paused to listen to the comfortable home noises of the brook .
we thanked God to see the sun again .
their captain or chief sorcerer then beat on his chest with his fists , and gnashed his teeth .
anon they cast down the blood-stained arrow , and lamented together among the leaves .
Witta saw the gold on the bank ; he was loath to leave it .
no man is hasty to his hanging !
they whimpered at their oars like beaten hounds , and Witta bit his fingers for rage .
Sir Richard patted the smooth hilt .
we three had no time to blame or praise .
I do not know .
I went to it in my mail-shirt , which saved my skin .
oh , I had no more than a broken foot and a fever .
Thorkild 's ear was bitten , but Hugh 's arm and side clean withered away .
I saw him where he lay along , sucking a fruit in his left hand .
he bade Thorkild show us the gold and the elephants ' teeth , as though we had been children .
think of this and do not blame me overmuch , Hugh .
Many will fight for me now .
we were careful .
we were afraid lest we should lose one grain of our gold , for which we had fought Devils .
gold changes men altogether .
Thorkild of Borkum did not change .
I remember Witta made a little , thin gold ring for our Bird to swing in .
yet , for our gold 's sake , we were more afraid than they .
I think when Thorkild of Borkum bade the rowers give way we were near weeping .
Sir Richard crossed hands on his sword-hilt , and stared down stream through the soft warm shadows .
one must believe one 's father , and not one 's children .
Dan flushed all over .
they had been reading The Gorilla Hunters in the orchard .
Sir Richard opened his eyes .
were our Devils only nest-building apes ?
the boy carries such an iron with him .
Sir Richard frowned .
Thorkild 's Song
there 's no wind along these seas , Out oars for Stavanger !
forward all for Stavanger !
so we must wake the white-ash breeze , Let fall for Stavanger !
oh , hear the benches creak and strain !
she thinks she smells the Northland rain !
she thinks she smells the Northland snow , And she 's as glad as we to go .
but there 's no wind in all these seas .
OLD MEN AT PEVENSEY
I will tell all in its place .
this was the very thing that the Red King had done to Robert when our Great William died .
a little earlier , and Witta 's ship would have rowed through them .
even D'Arcy is out with his men , whose father I remember a little hedge-sparrow knight near by Caen .
if Henry wins , the Barons can still flee to Normandy , where Robert will welcome them .
if Henry loses , Robert , he says , will give them more lands in England .
ye have brought your pigs to a pretty market !
he drew a curtain by the shot-window and showed us the shaft of a well in the thickness of the wall .
we heard the water whistle and blow at the bottom .
Sir Richard paused and smiled sadly .
Sir Richard was talking to himself .
he shook his head .
they were young ; we were old .
we let them rule the Manors .
he suffered no idleness .
I do not think he knew any sort of fear .
I have changed all the names in my tale .
Sir Richard bowed a little and went on :
no matter , all Fulkes are faithless .
he was tall and pale-coloured , and carried those new-fashioned beads for counting of prayers .
his place was in the great fireplace .
and that was all he would say .
de Aquila held up his hands .
I stood at his side ; Hugh was behind Gilbert in the fireplace making to play with wise rough Odo .
he signed to De Aquila , who bade Gilbert measure the new field for the new couple .
Dan and Una nodded .
it 's what you mean when you say it .
like calling Dan a beast in fun .
where did Gilbert hide that writing ?
when Odo scratched at this stone here , I saw his face change .
when I am stripped of my lands Fulke will whip off my Gilbert 's foolish head .
this parchment is the second part of the tale .
Fulke has his ear , and pours poison into it .
presently the King gives him my land and yours .
I will go warn my nephew at Dallington .
even Robert of Normandy .
I am not Norman , Sir Richard , nor Saxon , Sir Hugh .
dead men make dumb witnesses .
he lay rolling his eyes and bubbling with his mouth , and jehan roped him like a calf .
I laid my hand on his shoulder .
it sufficed .
he fell to trembling and praying on his beads .
and he smiled and becked and winked .
he said nothing , but shivered somewhat .
de Aquila ran the beads through his fingers .
I have his Kennel .
then Gilbert grovelled in the rushes , and told us all he knew .
eh , Jehan ?
Plunder he gave them , but pity , none .
begin the story of thy life since when thou wast a lad at Tours .
we three laughed till we ached .
he was shivering , but shameless .
anon , Fulke touched him on the knee .
thy son will stay with me .
because De Aquila had shown him how he might save the boy 's life and his own lands and honours .
meantime , the parchments stay here with thy son .
he smoothed his long beard , and called his son to his stirrup and kissed him .
de Aquila rode with him as far as the New Mill landward .
Dan asked .
Sir Richard smiled .
yes , that was Fulke 's work .
oh , he was an imp !
I gave him a bittern's claw to bring him good luck at shooting .
moreover , after that night I think Gilbert loved as much as he feared De Aquila .
Dan went on .
many of Henry 's men sailed from Pevensey to that war .
de Aquila was right .
one should not judge men .
Fulke was merry .
the bell for tea rang faintly across the meadows .
the Runes on Weland 's Sword
to gather Gold At the world 's end I am sent .
like a shining Fish Then it descends Into deep Water .
it is not given For goods or gear , But for The Thing .
like a shining Fish Then it descends Into deep Water .
it is not given For goods or gear , But for The Thing .
a CENTURION OF THE THIRTIETH
Cities and Thrones and Powers Stand in Time 's eye , Almost as long as flowers , Which daily die .
they had named the place out of the verse in Lays of Ancient Rome :
but what Una admired beyond all was his great bronze helmet with a red horse-tail that flicked in the wind .
she could hear the long hairs rasp on his shimmery shoulder-plates .
he caught sight of Una 's yellow head .
he smiled .
I thought you were a Gleason cow .
he laughed outright , showing a set of splendid teeth .
his face and eyes were dark , and his eyebrows met above his big nose in one bushy black bar .
the man pulled , and hit himself square on his thumbnail .
but it 's a pretty toy .
a wolf would laugh at it .
a wolf 's like a Winged Hat .
he comes when he isn't expected .
my people have lived at Vectis for generations .
our villa 's on the south edge of the Island , by the Broken Cliffs .
it 's not a bad little place for its size .
in springtime violets grow down to the very beach .
gods be good to her !
she was a free woman .
she had a way of clutching her dress when she hunted us among the gorse-bushes that made us laugh .
then she 'd say she 'd get us whipped .
she never did , though , bless her !
have you never heard of a Father 's right over his children ?
there are no wolves in Vectis .
every one goes there .
the young man looked astonished for a moment .
just as good , I 'm told , as Rome .
all the old gluttons sit in hot water , and talk scandal and politics .
there were many of our age like us .
we did not find life sad .
she was very pretty .
I don't blame him .
he rapped on his great glistening shield that never seemed to be in his way .
but when we reached home , Aglaia , our governess , saw what had come to us .
he rose to his feet and listened , leaning on the shield-rim .
Parnesius looked bewildered , even when Una explained .
Dan had climbed into Volaterrae , hot and panting .
now hang it up for me .
Dan asked eagerly .
now , like many of our youngsters , I was not too fond of anything Roman .
I told my Father so .
I asked .
he hated slang .
it was perfectly true .
it was as bad as if my own Father had painted himself blue !
it began before your time or mine .
Rome has forsaken her Gods , and must be punished .
the great war with the Painted People broke out in the very year the temples of our Gods were destroyed .
we beat the Painted People in the very year our temples were rebuilt .
Aglaia never taught us the history of our own country .
she was so full of her ancient Greeks .
to do that , we must keep the Painted People back .
I 'll tell you about it later .
down at Vectis , of course , we never troubled our heads about them .
but when my Father spoke as he did , I kissed his hand , and waited for orders .
you may be quite sure of that .
I noticed a quiet-looking man on the lawn , leaning on a stick .
I didn't know who he was from Deucalion !
that will help me to remember you .
the children turned their faces to Puck .
he laughed merrily .
Parnesius smiled , and stood up , flashing in his armour .
and , by the Light of the Sun , I meant it too !
my raw Gauls at Clausentum had never treated me so .
Parnesius turned to Dan .
one does not answer a General who wears the Purple .
that was all .
I was only too glad to get away , though I had many messages for home .
the Forge was rented from the Government by a one-eyed smith from Carthage .
I remember we called him Cyclops .
it is all in the Road Book .
a man doesn't forget his first march .
he leaned forward , but his eye was caught by the setting sun .
he rose and stretched his arms westward , with deep , splendid-sounding words .
they found themselves at the little locked gates of the wood .
ON THE GREAT WALL
they were standing by the gate to Far Wood when they heard this song .
they could see the shimmer of bronze armour in the beech-crotch , and the friendly flash of the great shield uplifted .
Parnesius laughed like a boy .
but Rome is merciful !
oh , Rimini .
it 's one of the tunes that are always being born somewhere in the Empire .
Dan asked promptly .
but soldiers are born grumblers .
they said it wasn't so filling as the rough stuff that is ground in the Roman ox-mills .
Una looked at Puck .
they did it to try my patience .
but I addressed them , and we became friends .
to tell the truth , they taught me the Roman Step .
you see , I 'd only served with quick-marching Auxiliaries .
a Legion 's pace is altogether different .
it is a long , slow stride , that never varies from sunrise to sunset .
why should I care for such things , my business being to reach my station ?
it took me twenty days .
there 's where you meet hunters , and trappers for the Circuses , prodding along chained bears and muzzled wolves .
your pony shies at them , and your men laugh .
Red-hot in summer , freezing in winter , is that big , purple heather country of broken stone .
it is the Wall .
even on the narrowest part of it three men with shields can walk abreast , from guard-house to guard-house .
think of it !
we followed the road , therefore , into Hunno town , and stood astonished .
Parnesius held up his broad shield with its three X 's like letters on a beer-cask .
this is a happy place .
he meant to offer me a drink .
I felt angry and ashamed .
you can't miss it .
it was like marching into a cave .
there was a door at one side painted with our number .
no , I was not happy ; but I made my new Cohort unhappy too ....v
and the men were as the officers .
remember , also , that the Wall was manned by every breed and race in the Empire .
no two towers spoke the same tongue , or worshipped the same Gods .
the Pict cannot run away from the arrow , or crawl under it .
he is a bowman himself .
the Gods gave me all three , and there is no gift like friendship .
if you 're a beast , you 'll have beastly friends .
Una asked , quickly .
we came to know each other at a ceremony in our Temple in the dark .
Parnesius lifted his hand towards his neck for an instant .
if you went alone you would surely be killed , if you were not smothered first in the bogs .
only the Picts know their way about those black and hidden bogs .
at first we went only to escape from the terrible town , and to talk together about our homes .
then he showed us how to hunt wolves and those great red deer with horns like Jewish candlesticks .
that was Pertinax after he had shot his first mountain-hare with an arrow by chance !
Parnesius faced the children quickly .
Allo was painted blue , green , and red from his forehead to his ankles .
he said it was part of his religion .
many things took place behind us in those days .
we did not get the news on the Wall till fifteen days later .
he joined his hands across his knees , and leaned his head on the curve of the shield behind him .
we 're finished men thumbs down against both of us .
the old man laughed one of those short Pict laughs like a fox barking on a frosty night .
his legs trembled like his voice .
one does not light fires in the Pict country except near a village .
they can sting , too !
they make it by raising and dropping a wet hide on a fire .
your fate is fixed .
then he laughed his laugh that was not a laugh .
it seems to be my destiny to feed you whenever we meet .
I have food here .
he began to blow up the ashes .
so I was not afraid .
mother and my sister always liked my pictures .
it showed a row of fat wine-skins , and our old Doctor of the Hunno hospital snuffing at them .
oh , yes ; and I had drawn them in Imperial helmets .
he nodded at Pertinax .
he served us two first .
well , you deserve it .
he made us out to be magnificent fellows .
Maximus never took his eyes off our faces .
their real grievance against us came from our burning their heather .
Rutilianus , our General , called it clearing the country .
now , Allo , you know that I mean your people no harm .
I must know what the lower millstone means to do .
these boys have spoken the truth as far as they know it .
I , a Prince , will tell you the rest .
he squatted like a hare in the heather , and looked over his shoulder .
we fought you .
you sent men .
we were beaten .
then you hide behind the Wall , and scorch us with Greek fire .
she is taking her men out of Britain .
the Winged Hats will help us to push down the Wall .
do I want that ?
he spat like an adder .
my two children here have spoken truth .
Parnesius understands us .
See , I give you three years .
he tossed a handful of dust in the air .
if this wind holds , I shall be at the East end of the Wall by morning .
I thought it would be money or an office .
certainly you shall have him .
my arm is reasonably long .
we will look through your uncle 's accounts in due time .
there were Picts , scores , each side of him , hidden behind stones .
he never looked left or right .
we understood that Earth bred few men like to this man .
Parnesius stopped .
the children sat still , not even asking if that were all the tale .
Puck beckoned , and pointed the way out of the wood .
wait till tomorrow .
it won't be long .
Mithras , God of the Morning , our trumpets waken the Wall !
oh , take our sacrifice !
many roads Thou hast fashioned : all of them lead to the Light !
Mithras , also a soldier , teach us to die aright !
the next day happened to be what they called a Wild Afternoon .
they knew about rabbits already .
then they climbed up Long Ditch into the lower end of Far Wood .
in the old days the Legions kept silence before their Emperor .
you could hear the solid roar run West along the Wall as his chair was carried rocking through the crowds .
Parnesius shivered .
we could smell his good dinner when we entered , but the tables were empty .
Maximus sat apart among long rolls of accounts .
then the doors were shut .
you are not to move man or shield on the Wall except as these boys shall tell you .
they are the head and arms .
Rome has been !
then he turned on his side to sleep .
it was like an eagle pecking a carcass .
he turned up a new list , but Pertinax laid his open hand there .
nothing can stand against them .
we were a shell when he rolled up the lists !
here Pertinax was more than my right hand .
and he spoke to each as though that man were as high-minded as himself .
that was a mistake .
so I made ready in haste , and none too soon .
I shifted our best men to the ends of the Wall , and set up screened catapults by the beach .
then she turns over , and the sea makes everything clean again .
a few men may come ashore , but very few ....v
it was not hard work , except the waiting on the beach in blowing sand and snow .
and that was how we dealt with the Winged Hats that winter .
certainly they fought in the open .
I waited , and a wave tumbled him at my feet .
Parnesius raised his hand to his neck .
I put my shield over him till he could stand up .
I checked the catapults and he waved her in .
when she was yet a hundred paces from the beach , he flung back his hair , and swam out .
they hauled him in , and went away .
Allo looked at me like a one-eyed raven .
we sit up half the night to discuss anything a Roman says .
he could not spare them .
he needed them to win more victories in Gaul .
it was his fate , and it was his fall .
but Theodosius the Emperor is a good man .
Parnesius was silent for a moment and then continued .
he may welcome me as a brother-Emperor , or he may be preparing an army .
yes , the Wall looked strong .
for myself , I knew how weak we were .
they increased their strength every day , but I could not increase my men .
I hope within a year to finish with Theodosius , son of Theodosius , once and for all .
then you shall have Britain to rule , and Pertinax , if he chooses , Gaul .
today I wish strongly you were with me to beat my Auxiliaries into shape .
do not , I pray you , believe any rumour of my sickness .
he writes as a man without hope .
I , a man without hope , can see this .
what does he add at the bottom of the roll ?
yes , Maximus foresees his death , and is fulfilling his promises one by one .
I asked .
Theodosius will destroy Maximus .
even I , reading over his shoulder , took comfort from it till I saw his face !
after that , we lived day by day among evil rumours till winter came again .
turning him over , we saw by his belt-buckle that he was a Goth of an Eastern Legion .
So saying , he died between our hands .
we knew !
we raced before the driving snow to Hunno , thinking perhaps Allo might be there .
we found him already at our stables , and he saw by our faces what we had heard .
he sent a letter to you , written while he waited to be slain .
the Winged Hats met the ship and took it .
the news is running through the heather like fire .
we bound him lightly , for he was an old man .
therefore , we must stand fast ....y
my friends , it is above all things strange to see how men bear ill news !
so it was with us .
even our Libyan Cohort the Third stood up in their padded cuirasses and did not whimper .
we made them welcome , for they were ambassadors .
we showed them Allo , alive but bound .
Allo saw it too , and it vexed him .
then in our quarters at Hunno we came to council .
they offered me all South Britain to govern after they had taken a tribute out of it .
this Wall is not weighed off like plunder .
he threw across to me a letter ( well I knew the seal ) from Maximus .
then read Pertinax :
the three mules which I strove to drive have torn me in pieces as your Father prophesied .
the naked swords wait at the tent door to give me the death I gave to Gratian .
remember , I have been ; but Rome is ; and Rome will be .
give also to my little Picts and to the Winged Hats such messages as their thick heads can understand .
do not forget me .
we have worked together .
he held out his hand to me .
he pointed through the door to the foot of a catapult wound up .
I had this from a Pict prisoner .
we had trouble , too , with the forage for the ponies along the Wall .
I kept ten , and so did Pertinax .
we lived and slept in the saddle , riding east or west , and we ate our worn-out ponies .
the people of the town also made us some trouble till I gathered them all in one quarter behind Hunno .
our men fought better in close order .
I think we fought in our sleep .
where they had suffered most , there they charged in most hotly .
we wished for some record .
I remember he said his sword was an oracle !
oh , there were jests in plenty on the Wall to take the place of food !
we did not believe it , but it cheered our men .
may you never need such sleep !
when I waked our towers were full of strange , armed men , who watched us snoring .
I roused Pertinax , and we leaped up together .
no Winged Hats were there .
East and west we saw flame and fighting , but by Hunno all was still .
if you choose to serve Theodosius , he will give you a Legion .
the black , oily circles spread dizzily as the children watched them .
did the Winged Hats ever come back ?
leave us alone and you 'll see How we can drag down the Great !
we are the worm in the wood !
we are the germ in the blood !
we are the thorn in the foot !
we are not strong , But we know Peoples that are .
we shall be slaves just the same ?
a rainy afternoon drove Dan and Una over to play pirates in the Little Mill .
he was dressed in a plum-coloured doublet and tight plum-coloured hose , and he drew busily in a red-edged book .
Puck cried from a rafter overhead .
a satchel of embroidered leather hung from his broad belt , which looked interesting .
yes , and that 's my inkhorn .
I made the four silver saints round it .
press Barnabas 's head .
the children gasped , for it fairly leaped from the page .
I knew them .
I worked for them : that was enough .
Dan asked .
the artist looked at him queerly .
to come nearer home , I rebuilded this little St Barnabas ' church of ours .
it cost me more trouble and sorrow than aught I 've touched in my life .
he wriggled like a hooked fish .
Hal considered a moment , pen in air , and Puck said some long words .
but Father Roger sitting in Merton College Library , he did not forget me .
and I quaked , and I went ....v
he flourished the finished sketch before Puck .
they tumbled downstairs , and turned past the dripping willows by the sunny mill-dam .
he began to draw in his ready book .
I 've seen Hops God be praised for their beauty !
the children laughed .
out came Hal 's book at once .
and he doffed his cap to the bubbling bird .
then they walked through the grass to the knoll where Little Lindens stands .
the old farmhouse , weather-tiled to the ground , took almost the colour of a blood-ruby in the afternoon light .
the old spaniel in his barrel barked once or twice to show he was in charge of the empty house .
Puck clicked back the garden-gate .
the old man was cutting a faggot in his garden by the hives .
it was quite a second after his chopper fell that the chump of the blow reached their lazy ears .
and he found them , too !
there 's a nose to cleave through unknown seas !
Cabot was his name a Bristol lad half a foreigner .
I set a heap by him .
did I ask Master Collins for his timber-tug to haul beams ?
the oxen had gone to Lewes after lime .
did he promise me a set of iron cramps or ties for the roof ?
I know , for we sat on this bench sharing our sorrows inter-common .
and they all wagged their sinful heads , and agreed .
he loved her like a son .
only you and I chance to be pure pute asses .
men 'll dare any gallows for that .
a thick mist , and a moon striking through .
so this is his ware-house , his arsenal , his armoury !
your Devil has left his doublet !
he draws it on and capers in the shafts of window-moonlight won'erful devilish-like .
still , Hal !
Faith , Andrew equips himself like an Admiral !
and the long knave laughed .
he had scarce time to lay out for the nearest than they ran .
we heard them pound on the door of the Bell Tavern , and then we ran too .
what 's your complaint ?
and he looked on him with great love .
never a word !
he opened and shut his mouth , fishy-like .
ah , he was a masterpiece !
the old man pinches the bell-rope one hand and scratches his neck with t'other .
that was all !
he dropped his chin on his chest .
Dan looked towards the cottage .
it 's that old oak lying across the brook .
in the still valley they could hear old Hobden 's deep tones .
Una laughed a little bubbling chuckle .
watch the wall , my darling , while the Gentlemen go by !
the Bee Boy 's Song
hark to your bees !
but if you don't deceive your Bees , Your Bees will not deceive you .
but if you never grieve your Bees , Your Bees 'll never grieve you !
the young couples strolled home , two to each umbrella , and the single men walked behind them laughing .
the children liked all these things because they knew them so well .
they only guessed it when Bess 's stump-tail wagged against them .
a man showed at the doorway .
you , Tom ?
Hobden lowered his lanthorn .
they shook hands , and the children could hear the hard palms rasp together .
you had it back at me with a hop-pole .
how did we get home that night ?
old Hobden laughed in his deep chest .
the stranger pretended to look along a gun .
Hobden answered with a quick movement of the hand as though he were pegging down a rabbit-wire .
he turned towards the children and winked boldly .
I 've been into England fur as Wiltsheer once .
the great man leaned against the brickwork of the roundel , and swung his arms abroad .
Una whispered to the Bee Boy .
you be as careless as Gleason 's bull , Tom .
Tom went on behind his back .
old Hobden let himself down on the coals by the fire-door .
he cut away a little piece of potato and threw it out to the door .
but that wasn't my woman 's trouble .
it looked as if you meant it for for Any One that might need it .
now turn again , Tom .
tom rested one great elbow on one great knee , where he sat among the coal .
I lay the Marsh men ought to know .
Hobden asked .
Una asked .
their liddle wings could no more cross Channel than so many tired butterflies .
it lay on the Marsh like thunder .
they reckoned the signs sinnified trouble for the Marsh .
she felt the Trouble on the Marsh same as eels feel thunder .
Tom Shoesmith threw back his head and half shut his eyes .
she was all their dependence .
Tom laughed softly .
Tom pretended to think .
Hobden pointed at his son .
Tom laughed and stretched himself .
Una cried , swinging along delighted .
Tom was almost running .
he strode into the old kitchen yard , and slid them down as Ellen came to ask questions .
I 've given my soul to the Southdown grass , An ' sheep-bells tinkled where you pass .
THE TREASURE AND THE LAW
Song of the Fifth River
he is Lord of the Last The Fifth , most wonderful , Flood .
now it was the third week in November , and the woods rang with the noise of pheasant-shooting .
then the cruel guns began again , and they grabbed the beagles lest they should stray and get hurt .
the children jumped , and the dogs dropped like setters .
then he looked at them steadily , and they stared back without doubt or fear .
you see , Mr Meyer will fire at rabbits .
what did his lord do ?
Puck 's eyes twinkled maliciously .
Kadmiel cried .
Dan whispered .
it was one of the few history dates that he could remember .
again Puck translated to Kadmiel in the strange , solemn-sounding language , and at last Kadmiel laughed .
Dan looked sideways at his sister .
it was her turn .
he shot up to his full towering height , and his words rang like a trumpet .
Kadmiel understood the look and smiled bitterly .
your King never drew my teeth : I think , perhaps , I drew his .
I was not born among Christians , but among Moors in Spain in a little white town under the mountains .
yes , the Moors are cruel , but at least their learned men dare to think .
the rattle of the shot-guns never ceased , and the dogs whimpered a little and lay flat on the leaves .
yes , and he learned to cry softly when he was hunted up and down those streets .
he learned to do all things without noise .
all over the world the heathen fought each other .
do you wonder that he learned quickly ?
when I had learned it in Spain I went to the East to find my Kingdom .
a Jew is as free as a sparrow or a dog .
he goes where he is hunted .
I was diligent in my business .
therefore I stood before Kings .
there was no profit in it .
I did not find my Kingdom .
God had wonderfully preserved my people .
I became once more a son in my father 's house .
but I was not rich not very rich .
he cannot do much harm .
at Bury I kept his accounts for Elias , and I saw men kill Jews there by the tower .
no none laid hands on Elias .
he lent money to the King , and the King 's favour was about him .
a King will not take the life so long as there is any gold .
yet his land was a good land .
therefore his people turned against us Jews , who are all people 's dogs .
lastly the Barons and the people rose together against the King because of his cruelties .
they joined then , as cats and pigs will join to slay a snake .
I kept the accounts , and I watched all these things , for I remembered the Prophecy .
if he swore to keep those Laws , they would allow him a little money .
that was the King 's God Money to waste .
they showed us the roll of the New Laws .
we had lent them money .
he threw out his hands suddenly .
we sought Power Power Power !
that is our God in our captivity .
they are madly cruel .
let the dogs tear one another !
they called him Joseph , and threw torches at his wet head .
some wicked treasure of the old days put away , and the secret cut off by the sword .
this was before the Word of the Lord had come to me .
so Elias wept .
Adah , his wife , wept too .
Wherefore men died daily .
this Elias refused to do , for he looked on the gold as his own .
Kadmiel laughed scornfully in his beard .
the shots across the valley stopped as the shooting party changed their ground for the last beat .
it cost me two hundred broad pieces of gold to change those narrow words .
Langton , the priest , understood .
I think he spent my gift upon his altar .
I have spoken with Langton .
therefore I saw that the gold must be put away from the reach of any man .
you shall see why .
thence I went swiftly to Pevensey .
men fought all around me , for there were neither rulers nor judges in the abominable land .
Nay , I did no harm .
I did not stretch out my hand against their life .
this is the one time I have ever heard a Christian leech speak truth of any disease .
they drove me across the drawbridge of the Castle , and fled back to their booths .
I knew I should not die .
I washed my cuts .
I spoiled the Egyptians !
I drew up many good loads of gold , which I loaded by night into my boat .
Puck shook his head and pursed his lips .
I can judge them in the dark ; but this was heavier and redder than any we deal in .
perhaps it was the very gold of Parvaim .
eh , why not ?
I went out by the little gate where the Castle 's refuse is thrown .
there were no Christians in the boat .
I see !
the firing broke out again close behind them .
the pheasants poured over the top of a belt of tall firs .
Kadmiel smiled grimly .
he still looked on the gold as his own .
eh , well !
the curses of a fool and the dust of a journey are two things no wise man can escape ....y
but I pitied Elias !
who am I to meddle with things too high for me ?
I returned to Bury , and lent money on the autumn crops .
Weland gave the Sword !
the Sword gave the Treasure , and the Treasure gave the Law .
it 's cold and late .
they hurried down into the sheltered valley .
there was Oak and Ash and Thorn enough in that year-end shower to magic away a thousand memories .
old Hobden was just finishing some hedge-work .
they saw his white smock glimmer in the twilight where he faggoted the rubbish .
Hobden ran forward angrily to the ford .
they had forgotten that they had not even said good-night to Puck .
the Children 's Song
End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Puck of Pook 's Hill , by Rudyard Kipling
MISS CELIA'S MAN IX .
BEN'S RIDE XVI .
BETTY'S BRAVERY XVIII .
BEN'S BIRTHDAY XXI .
CUPID'S LAST APPEARANCE XXII .
THE GREAT GATE IS OPENED
was she a criminal , the sight of whose execution threw them flat upon their backs in speechless horror ?
neither , my friends .
Belinda sat with great dignity at the head , her hands genteelly holding a pink cambric pocket-handkerchief in her lap .
and Bab contentedly surveyed the gill of skim-milk which was to satisfy the thirst of the company .
it makes me mad to have them all shut up there , when we might have such fun with them .
and Bab twisted round to give it a thump with her boots .
this awful threat calmed Bab 's anger at once , and she hastened to introduce a safer subject .
flat upon their faces lay the fourteen dolls , and the cake , the cherished cake , was gone .
for an instant the little girls could only stand motionless , gazing at the dreadful scene .
I 'll give it to her !
you run that way .
I 'll run this .
Betty puckered up her face to cry , but burst out laughing in spite of her woe .
WHERE THEY FOUND HIS MASTER
my poor Linda was knocked right over on her nose .
a yellow-bird sat swinging and chirping on the tall lilac-bush , but no other living thing was in sight .
I should just like to know who is laughing and sneezing round here .
he did so , but took it in again to say quickly ,
there 's only this .
tell the truth , and I 'll stand by you .
I was to stay in the museum and help Pedro with the trick business .
but father didn't send for me , and I began to have horrid times .
but I 'd have starved if it hadn't been for Sanch .
I left him tied up when I ran off , for fear they 'd say I stole him .
he belongs to father , and I hated to leave him ; but I did .
he always has one in the summer , and I haven't seen any round yet .
BEN GETS A PLACE
never saw such a bed .
it 's such fun to go jouncing down the lane and back .
what 's the matter now ?
bears used to be plenty , but folks got tired of them .
my man will show you where to drive them , and give you some odd jobs through the day .
I 'll see what you are good for , and send you word to-night , Mrs Moss .
I will , sir .
he 's to take the cows and go for them .
was he cross ?
did you have to work hard ?
the old gentleman wasn't cross ; he gave me a dime , and I like him first-rate .
what are these chaps up to ?
the ink has spoilt all but the picture and this bit of reading .
I want to know what it means .
on the shore were unclad copper-colored men , gazing with wonder at the Spanish ships .
who was he any way ?
let me read while I drive up the cows .
you 'll find a cunning place between the roots that stick up under the flat stone .
that 's my closet , and I keep things there .
Betty doesn't know much about sums .
but she spells splendidly , and is always at the head of her class .
I saw lots of names on the shed door .
I can't make such curly ones .
father was real proud when I read it right off .
NEW FRIENDS TROT IN
she also proposed that they should drop patch-work , and help her make some blue shirts for Ben .
now he saw nothing before him but days of patient and very uninteresting labor .
at the school-house corner he stopped and said , spreading his arms like a sign-post ,
I 'll bring you a book all about it when I come back .
MISS CELIA'S MAN
suppose you come to tea with me to-night and bring some of them back ?
can't we wear our Sunday frocks ?
and she likes dolls .
would you like to work for me instead of the Squire ?
that will be one thing you can do .
another is to take care of his pets till he is able to do it himself .
he is fourteen , and appears to get taller and taller every day .
he was also allowed to drive home , while his new mistress read her letters .
I am all ready , however , and we will sit down at once .
this is my brother Thornton , and we are all going to be very good friends by-and-by .
at last , a moment came when temptation proved too strong for him .
before Miss Celia could speak , the stranger calmly announced his mission .
he makes a paper .
I am Alfred Tennyson Barlow .
I don't learn any Greeks and Latins yet .
( @number@ ) these lines were actually composed by a six-year old child .
I made another one when I digged after the turtle .
I will say that .
sweet , sweet days are passing O'er my happy home .
cold are the days when winter comes again .
and , without another word , the discomfited poet precipitately retired , leaving his cherished sticks behind him .
at sight of that , Betty stretched out her arms to receive it with a cry of delight .
he had also been a conjurer , and now was supported by Blanche and her daughter Lyda .
then we spelt some words wrong , and she corrected them with wonderful accuracy .
also mental arithmetic , which was very pretty .
Lyda was beaten , and hid under the sofa , evidently feeling very badly about it .
I 'll hunt it up to-night .
she is so nicely asleep , it is a pity to wake her .
and Miss Celia 's eyes turned to the deep sky , where early stars were shining .
there was no need of any more words , no need of tears or kind arms around him .
he knew he was an orphan now , and turned instinctively to the old friend who loved him best .
throwing himself down beside his dog , Ben clung about the curly neck , sobbing bitterly ,
presently the sobbing ceased , and Ben whispered , without looking up ,
he 's awful hard to me and Sanch ; and he 'd be worse , now father 's gone .
don't send me back !
God doesn't mind our clothes , Ben , and the poor are as welcome as the rich to him .
I often do so , and we will go to the grove this afternoon and try it .
I never saw such a chap as that spider is .
I like to watch him .
but it was not good for you , and we will do our best to find something safer .
you won't need boots for a week yet , so we won't waste any time over them .
it 's dreadful hard , though , when I get mad .
so he folded his arms and sat like a statue , with nothing moving but his eyes .
Ben laughed , and said , with an affectionate glance at the little book in her lap ,
wasn't David a fine feller ?
come over about four and help me roll Thorny down to the grove .
Randa has gone on with the hammock .
I learned it when I was six .
and Thorny offered the book like a patriarch addressing an infant .
you learn that , and see how funny Celia will look when you say it to her .
she wrote it when she was a girl , and somebody had it printed for other children .
how can I keep a sunny soul To shine along life 's way ?
you must say them to Celia , too .
I 'll tell you all about it some time .
I talked , and Ben learned a hymn to please you .
every one was very kind to Ben when his loss was known .
the Squire wrote to Mr Smithers that the boy had found friends and would stay where he was .
you write well enough , and it will be good for you to know something about botany .
Pistils , more than one and separate .
don't forget day and date .
while Sam read , the other boys had been gloating over the enticing pictures which covered the bill .
down it jumped and Came fluttering up , much elated at being summoned by the captain of the sacred nine .
you just catch hold of this and run along home .
I 'd like to see her walking eight miles .
no , Bab , you can't go .
don't you be a donkey , Bill .
folks are going in now .
I ain't afraid .
I picked some of that , it was so green and pretty .
don't touch it !
we 've quit the business and must just look on .
folks always like it , and I was ever so proud of him .
Many left in haste , and the performers hurried to finish as soon as possible .
see , they are pulling in the cart now , and the shiny man is all ready with his gun .
I 'll walk right home this minute .
I ain't afraid of thunder , and the rain won't hurt these old clothes .
I walked over , and it 's raining , and I don't feel well .
Sam got a ride , and can't you tuck Ben and Bab in too ?
Ben whistled , called and searched in vain , till one of the lounging men said , lazily ,
wagons passed , but all were full , and no one offered a ride .
he said I couldn't .
ah , ha !
you may have any of mine you like .
guess we 'll have an auction and sell out .
would Jack be a comfort to you ?
if he will , you may have him .
I 'll find that dog , if he is out of the ground .
Addio , signorina !
Grazia , signor !
Cousin Horace had done his duty like a man , but regretted that he could only report a failure .
I 'll bet he ran away ; and if it was Sanch , he 'll come home .
but weeks passed , and still no Sanch .
something has happened to Miss Celia , and I 'm going to find her .
what shall I do ?
Lita tried not to hurt me .
she slipped , and we went down .
what 's broke ?
where is she ?
why didn't she come right here ?
fetch her right in .
father 's down yender , and he and Bijah will see to her .
Dr Mills is a master hand for broken bones and old Dr Babcock ain't .
people jogging along in wagons and country carry-alls stared amazed as the reckless pair went by .
I felt as if I had six legs when we were going the pace .
I spoke it at school .
I declare I wish that dog had never been born !
losing him has just spoilt Ben .
do you think he would slip away without telling us , and go back to the old life again ?
don't believe he would .
if he is planning to run away , money is a good thing to have .
let us wait a little and give the poor boy a chance to clear himself before we speak .
he 's a sly little dog , and knows my eye is on him .
she was just going down to breakfast when the sound of loud voices made her pause and listen .
it came from Ben 's room , where the two boys seemed to be disputing about something .
they weren't so kind , but they trusted me , and knew I wouldn't steal a cent .
the lower ones have seldom been opened since we came , and hold only some of papa 's old books .
it always stuck so I had to give a jerk .
ain't they funny ?
look just like mites of young pigs .
as they spoke , Miss Celia and her brother held out their hands frankly and heartily .
I do not wonder , and I 've been thinking what I could do to soothe his feelings .
but won't you give him something ?
shall I get the books when I buy the other things ?
let her tuck her dolly in , and she will be contented anywhere .
we must have a rope to lead him , for he 's got no collar and no muzzle .
you just let him in , to see what he 'll do .
See , his pretty , pink skin is all stained with it .
if the interesting sufferer could only have spoken , what thrilling adventures and hair-breadth escapes he might have related .
but , alas ! he was dumb ; and the secrets of that memorable month never were revealed .
out of one of these stories came much amusement for all , and satisfaction for one of the party .
the bows are in the long box where you found the mallets , fishing-rods , and bats .
the old quivers and a few arrows are there also , I believe .
come on , Ben .
people missed Matty , but supposed she was with her father , and never expected to see her again .
they are big boys , and we can't make them stop .
he says he 'll fight his own battles , and hates tell-tales .
but I 've got to settle Sam .
Sam broke down in his attempt to give one of Webster 's great speeches , Little Cy Fay boldly attacked
but , to their great surprise , the pretty lady stood up again and said , in her friendly way ,
I heard about it .
my papa told me what arching meant .
will there be any little cakes ?
with these opening remarks the poet took a seat and calmly awaited a response .
I have been very busy .
I had measles .
my mamma says so .
I am fond of dirt .
various rules and regulations were discussed , and then the fun began .
Miss Celia wouldn't like it .
you worked harder than I did , and it was only luck my getting this .
the question was settled by the appearance of the wolf in the second scene , and such a wolf !
but what they heard only whetted their curiosity and mystified them more and more .
roosting here , Sam began to shout for aid in every key possible to the human voice .
I 'm in the ma'sh .
he follows your lead , and if you tell him to stop it he will .
if I was big enough , I 'd make you hold your tongues .
now , bring on a rail , there 's a good fellow .
I will !
Celia has been packed and ready for a week .
then we kept meeting , and the first thing I knew she went and was engaged to him .
I shall go to college , so I don't mind .
George is going to help the old minister here and see how he likes it .
I know he wouldn't want to , and Miss Celia would feel bad .
Sancho trotted before and saw the stranger first , for the sun in Ben 's eyes dazzled him .
go bring him here .
come right in and make yourself to home .
Thanky , ma'am .
I 'll look up the concern and try my chance .
but , on the whole , it is best not to say a word about it .
THE GREAT GATE IS OPENED
these good folks are making a gentleman of you , and I won't be the one to spoil their work .
and , before Ben could reply , he was gone .
will you see that it is done , and all made neat afterward ?
but where was Bab , who revelled in flurries ?
we can't do much , but we can make our little sacrifices , and ought to do it gladly .
we 've each got a dollar , and the army wouldn't be much helped by our giving that .
and Beth looked at her rough hands with a sigh that any one could hear that time .
don't you wish we had the money Papa lost when we were little , Jo ?
well , I think we are .
Jo immediately sat up , put her hands in her pockets , and began to whistle .
I can't get over my disappointment in not being a boy .
and it 's worse than ever now , for I 'm dying to go and fight with Papa .
it 's too bad , but it can't be helped .
I like your nice manners and refined ways of speaking , when you don't try to be elegant .
what the characters of the four sisters were we will leave to be found out .
we must go shopping tomorrow afternoon , Meg .
if I can go down easily , I 'll drop .
if I can't , I shall fall into a chair and be graceful .
Hagar , the witch , chanted an awful incantation over her kettleful of simmering toads , with weird effect .
I always wanted to do the killing part .
has anyone called , Beth ?
how is your cold , Meg ?
Jo , you look tired to death .
the girls flew about , trying to make things comfortable , each in her own way .
a quick , bright smile went round like a streak of sunshine .
he is well , and thinks he shall get through the cold season better than we feared .
In this one little was said of the hardships endured , the dangers faced , or the homesickness conquered .
everybody sniffed when they came to that part .
we ought to have our roll of directions , like Christian .
it was uninteresting sewing , but tonight no one grumbled .
at nine they stopped work , and sang , as usual , before they went to bed .
Meg had a voice like a flute , and she and her mother led the little choir .
they had always done this from the time they could lisp ....y
and it had become a household custom , for the mother was a born singer .
Jo was the first to wake in the gray dawn of Christmas morning .
then she opened her new book and began to read .
Amy came in hastily , and looked rather abashed when she saw her sisters all waiting for her .
thank you for our books .
I 'm glad you began at once , and hope you will keep on .
but I want to say one word before we sit down .
Meg was already covering the buckwheats , and piling the bread into one big plate .
they were soon ready , and the procession set out .
how the big eyes stared and the blue lips smiled as the girls went in .
in a few minutes it really did seem as if kind spirits had been at work there .
that was a very happy breakfast , though they didn't get any of it .
strike up , Beth !
open the door , Amy !
Beth played her gayest march , Amy threw open the door , and Meg enacted escort with great dignity .
the big chamber was the scene of many innocent revels .
presently a bell sounded , the curtains flew apart , and the operatic tragedy began .
Hugo demanded a potion to make Zara adore him , and one to destroy Roderigo .
hither , hither , from thy home , Airy sprite , I bid thee come !
bring me here , with elfin speed , The fragrant philter which I need .
make it sweet and swift and strong , Spirit , answer now my song !
take the magic spell , And use it well , Or its power will vanish soon !
and dropping a small , gilded bottle at the witch 's feet , the spirit vanished .
it was truly superb .
kneeling at the foot of the tower , he sang a serenade in melting tones .
this dauntless example fired Zara .
Don Pedro refuses , because he is not rich .
and Meg smiled her sweetest , in spite of her gray beard and white eyebrows .
he is an odd old gentleman , but that pleased him .
he 's a capital fellow , and I wish we could get acquainted .
we invited him to our party , but he didn't come .
perhaps he 'll help act .
and Meg examined her flowers with great interest .
Jo shook the tears off her cheeks and waited to hear the news .
yours is as good as new , but I forgot the burn and the tear in mine .
whatever shall I do ?
the front is all right .
I don't care much for company dancing .
she said when you spoiled the others that she shouldn't get you any more this winter .
that 's all I can do .
only don't stain it , and do behave nicely .
what have you done ?
I 'm spoiled !
I can't go !
you shouldn't have asked me to do it .
I always spoil everything .
as the gate clashed behind them , a voice cried from a window ....y
is my sash right ?
I 'll lift my eyebrows if any thing is wrong , and nod if you are all right .
I never can .
she telegraphed her wish to Meg , but the eyebrows went up so alarmingly that she dared not stir .
I wish every one would say Jo instead of Josephine .
and Jo resigned herself with a sigh .
both peeped and criticized and chatted till they felt like old acquaintances .
nothing but grinding or skylarking .
you may laugh , if you want to .
but Laurie didn't laugh .
that stupid high heel turned and gave me a sad wrench .
I 'm sorry .
it 's past nine , and dark as Egypt .
I can't stop here , for the house is full .
Sallie has some girls staying with her .
don't ask or tell anyone .
I 'll stay with you .
and there was Laurie , with a full cup in one hand and a plate of ice in the other .
I was looking for someone to give this to .
I 'll show you where she is .
please let me take you home .
Laurie and I couldn't help laughing .
Jo told her adventures , and by the time she had finished they were at home .
and I think Jo was quite right .
Beth had a headache and lay on the sofa , trying to comfort herself with the cat and three kittens .
Amy was fretting because her lessons were not learned , and she couldn't find her rubbers .
Jo would whistle and make a great racket getting ready .
the poor things got no other lunch and were seldom home before two .
goodbye , Marmee .
and Jo tramped away , feeling that the pilgrims were not setting out as they ought to do .
but Meg laughed at the nonsense and felt better in spite of herself .
thank goodness , I can always find something funny to keep me up .
Jo 's ambition was to do something very splendid .
Beth was too bashful to go to school .
she had to wear her cousin 's clothes .
Meg was Amy 's confidant and monitor , and by some strange attraction of opposites Jo was gentle Beth 's .
I did my very best , and she liked it , though she only said ....y
what a pleasant life she might have if only she chose !
they sat still as mice , and Susie cried quarts , I know she did .
she was so glad and surprised she took it right into her arms , and thanked him over and over .
I 'd go myself , if I was any use .
I 'd given one man and thought it too much , while he gave four without grudging them .
can't keep still all day , and not being a pussycat , I don't like to doze by the fire .
now , the garden separated the Marches ' house from that of Mr Laurence .
a low hedge parted the two estates .
he needs a party of jolly boys to play with , or somebody young and lively .
the idea amused Jo , who liked to do daring things and was always scandalizing Meg by her queer performances .
and when the snowy afternoon came , Jo resolved to try what could be done .
it 's a shame !
Laurie opened the window , and croaked out as hoarsely as a raven ....v
I 'll go ask her .
tell the girl to put it away for your tea .
yes , that 's what it wanted .
I 'll talk all day if you 'll only set me going .
her face is right opposite , and it looks so sweet behind the flowers , I can't help watching it .
and Laurie poked the fire to hide a little twitching of the lips that he could not control .
the solitary , hungry look in his eyes went straight to Jo 's warm heart .
her face was very friendly and her sharp voice unusually gentle as she said ....v
I just wish , though , instead of peeping , you 'd come over and see us .
Meg and I would make you laugh over our funny stage properties , and we 'd have jolly times .
we want to know you , and I 've been trying to do it this ever so long .
never mind being bashful .
I 'm only afraid you are very tired of talking to me .
Laurie went away , and his guest amused herself in her own way .
that answer pleased the old gentleman .
and Jo told how her visit came about .
that was the boy 's affair .
I shall come and see your mother some fine day .
tell her so .
there 's the tea bell , we have it early on the boy 's account .
and Mr Laurence offered her his arm with old-fashioned courtesy .
but finding them free and easy , she was so herself , and made a good impression .
too many sugarplums are not good for him .
his music isn't bad , but I hope he will do as well in more important things .
going ? well , I 'm much obliged to you , and I hope you 'll come again .
when they got into the hall , Jo asked Laurie if she had said something amiss .
he shook his head .
I am not a young lady , and it 's only a step .
they both died when Laurie was a little child , and then his grandfather took him home .
and Jo opened her eyes as if it had never occurred to her before .
BETH FINDS THE PALACE BEAUTIFUL
all sorts of pleasant things happened about that time , for the new friendship flourished like grass in spring .
what good times they had , to be sure .
God bless you , my dear !
and away he went , in a great hurry .
she never knew that Mr Laurence opened his study door to hear the old-fashioned airs he liked .
at any rate she deserved both .
he is so kind to me , I must thank him , and I don't know any other way .
it will please him very much , and be a nice way of thanking him .
she was a nimble little needlewoman , and they were finished before anyone got tired of them .
Beth hurried on in a flutter of suspense .
don't you think he 's the dearest old man in the world ?
here 's the key in the letter .
I can't , I feel so queer !
Jo opened the paper and began to laugh , for the first words she saw were ....y
just think , he 's given you her piano .
only think of his writing that to you .
I 'll tell the girls .
the pianny has turned her head !
they would have been still more amazed if they had seen what Beth did afterward .
if the roof of the house had suddenly flown off , the old gentleman wouldn't have been more astonished .
but he liked it .
AMY'S VALLEY OF HUMILIATION
and Meg looked sober .
are limes the fashion now ?
and Meg tried to keep her countenance , Amy looked so grave and important .
if one girl likes another , she gives her a lime .
you may have my share .
it must be so nice to have pocket money !
I 'll have a grand feast , for I haven't tasted a lime this week .
Katy Brown invited her to her next party on the spot .
pride goes before a fall , and the revengeful Snow turned the tables with disastrous success .
it was a most unfortunate moment for denouncing Amy , and Jenny knew it .
unfortunately , Mr Davis particularly detested the odor of the fashionable pickle , and disgust added to his wrath .
with a despairing glance at her set , she obeyed .
all flashed indignant or appealing glances at the inexorable Davis , and one passionate lime lover burst into tears .
that hiss , faint as it was , irritated the irascible gentleman , and sealed the culprit 's fate .
that was dreadful .
I wish all the girls would leave , and spoil his old school .
you were whispering and laughing together on the sofa last night , and you stopped when I came in .
Amy held her tongue , but used her eyes , and saw Meg slip a fan into her pocket .
I know !
please let me .
I 've been sick with this cold so long , and shut up , I 'm dying for some fun .
do , Meg !
or he 'll get another seat for you , and that isn't proper when you weren't asked .
when they got home , they found Amy reading in the parlor .
there Jo was mistaken , for next day she made a discovery which produced a tempest .
Amy poked the fire and said nothing .
Jo saw her color rise and was down upon her in a minute .
and Jo gave her a slight shake .
with that she marched off to bed , and there was no merry or confidential gossip that night .
Jo still looked like a thunder cloud , and nothing went well all day .
Amy heard the clash of skates , and looked out with an impatient exclamation .
she promised I should go next time , for this is the last ice we shall have .
it was not far to the river , but both were ready before Amy reached them .
Jo saw her coming , and turned her back .
as Laurie turned the bend , he shouted back ....y
Jo heard , but Amy was struggling to her feet and did not catch a word .
Jo glanced over her shoulder , and the little demon she was harboring said in her ear ....y
she tried to call Laurie , but her voice was gone .
something rushed swiftly by her , and Laurie 's voice cried out ....y
I only let her go .
it seems as if I could do anything when I 'm in a passion .
I get so savage , I could hurt anyone and enjoy it .
and for the moment Jo forgot remorse in surprise .
she felt comforted at once by the sympathy and confidence given her .
then your father came , and I was so happy that I found it easy to be good .
it was easier to try for your sakes than for my own .
you have had a warning .
but you must help me , remind me , and keep me from flying out .
MEG GOES TO VANITY FAIR
the violet silk would be so nice .
I didn't like to say anything , but I was sadly disappointed in my umbrella .
it 's a nonsensical notion of mine , and I 'm not going to give up to it .
my silk stockings and two pairs of new gloves are my comfort .
you are a dear to lend me yours , Jo .
and Meg took a refreshing peep at her glove box .
the next day was fine , and Meg departed in style for a fortnight of novelty and pleasure .
so out came the tarlatan , looking older , limper , and shabbier than ever beside Sallie 's crisp new one .
the hard , bitter feeling was getting pretty bad , when the maid brought in a box of flowers .
who are they from ?
she enjoyed herself very much that evening , for she danced to her heart 's content .
everyone was very kind , and she had three compliments .
Annie made her sing , and some one said she had a remarkably fine voice .
her innocent friendship with Laurie was spoiled by the silly speeches she had overheard .
something in the manner of her friends struck Meg at once .
where is the use of having a lot of dresses when she isn't out yet ?
several young ladies , who had taken no notice of her before , were very affectionate all of a sudden .
she heard Mrs Moffat reply to one of them ....y
the girls dressed me up for fun , and I rather like it .
I wanted you to see her , but they have spoiled her entirely .
come , I 'll be good .
you don't look as if you were having a good time .
and Laurie looked at her with an expression which made her answer in a whisper ....y
don't think I 'm horrid .
Meg danced and flirted , chattered and giggled , as the other girls did .
for motherly eyes are quick to see any change in children 's faces .
don't I always tell you everything ?
Laurie thought I wasn't proper .
and Jo laughed , as if on second thoughts the thing struck her as a good joke .
to be admired , loved , and respected .
leave these things to time .
THE P.C. AND P.O .
Meg 's had roses and heliotrope , myrtle , and a little orange tree in it .
poetic fire lights up his eye , He struggles ' gainst his lot .
behold ambition on his brow , And on his nose , a blot .
Knights and ladies , elves and pages , monks and flower girls , all mingled gaily in the dance .
Yonder he comes , arrayed like a bridegroom , except the black mask .
curiosity and wonder possessed all hearts , but respect restrained all tongues till the holy rite was over .
then the eager spectators gathered round the count , demanding an explanation .
it is full of unruly members .
THE HISTORY OF A SQUASH
one day in October , when they were ripe , he picked one and took it to market .
a grocerman bought and put it in his shop .
on Friday last , we were startled by a violent shock in our basement , followed by cries of distress .
a WEEKLY MEETING will be held at Kitchen Place , to teach young ladies how to cook .
Hannah Brown will preside , and all are invited to attend .
the DUSTPAN SOCIETY will meet on Wednesday next , and parade in the upper story of the Club House .
Mrs BETH BOUNCER will open her new assortment of Doll 's Millinery next week .
the latest Paris fashions have arrived , and orders are respectfully solicited .
if S.P. didn't use so much soap on his hands , he wouldn't always be late at breakfast .
A.S. is requested not to whistle in the street .
T.T . please don't forget Amy 's napkin .
Beth Very Good .
a loud response from Snodgrass , followed , to everybody 's surprise , by a timid one from Beth .
up rose Snodgrass , very much in earnest .
this spirited burst from Beth electrified the club , and Jo left her seat to shake hands approvingly .
a long discussion followed , and everyone came out surprising , for everyone did her best .
the Kings are off to the seashore tomorrow , and I 'm free .
I didn't hear any more , for I basely turned and fled .
I want to learn some new songs , and my children need fitting up for the summer .
they all drank it merrily , and began the experiment by lounging for the rest of the day .
next morning , Meg did not appear till ten o'clock .
Jo had burned the skin off her nose boating , and got a raging headache by reading too long .
but these were mere trifles , and they assured their mother that the experiment was working finely .
she didn't like dolls , fairy tales were childish , and one couldn't draw all the time .
tea parties didn't amount to much , neither did picnics , unless very well conducted .
it 's a very queer thing for her to do , she doesn't act a bit like herself .
Many were the complaints below , and great the chagrin of the head cook at her failures .
we 'll have lettuce and make a salad .
and Jo went off in a huff at the doubts expressed of her powers .
oh , Pip !
oh , Pip !
having rekindled the fire , she thought she would go to market while the water heated .
by the time she got cleared up , the dinner arrived and the stove was red-hot .
Miss Crocker tasted first , made a wry face , and drank some water hastily .
they did sober themselves for Beth 's sake .
work is wholesome , and there is plenty for everyone .
never mind , the other may be found .
my letter is only a translation of the German song I wanted .
and hanging the antique broad-brim on a bust of Plato , Jo read her letters .
one from her mother made her cheeks glow and her eyes fill , for it said to her ....y
my Dear :
that 's worth millions of money and pecks of praise .
oh , Marmee , I do try !
in a big , dashing hand , Laurie wrote ....y
I want you all to come , can't let Beth off at any price , and nobody shall worry her .
Laurie knew them abroad , and liked the boys .
I shall row and tramp about , so I don't want any starch to think of .
but I don't want to play , or sing , or say anything .
you do try to fight off your shyness , and I love you for it .
each had made such preparation for the fete as seemed necessary and proper .
I see Mrs Barker doing up the lunch in a hamper and a great basket .
now Mr Laurence is looking up at the sky and the weathercock .
I wish he would go too .
there 's Laurie , looking like a sailor , nice boy !
Laurie didn't tell us that .
be quick , girls !
it 's getting late .
I thought he was at the mountains .
there is Sallie .
I 'm glad she got back in time .
it 's too absurd !
Laurie ran to meet and present them to his friends in the most cordial manner .
the lawn was the reception room , and for several minutes a lively scene was enacted there .
Jo 's funny hat deserved a vote of thanks , for it was of general utility .
Mr Brooke was a grave , silent young man , with handsome brown eyes and a pleasant voice .
Frank , Beth , Amy , and Grace sat down to watch the game played by the other eight .
Mr Brooke chose Meg , Kate , and Fred .
Laurie took Sallie , Jo , and Ned .
Jo and Fred had several skirmishes and once narrowly escaped high words .
Fred was close behind her and his turn came before hers .
he gave a stroke , his ball hit the wicket , and stopped an inch on the wrong side .
I saw you .
it rolled a bit , perhaps , but that is allowed .
goodbye , Kate .
he did cheat , I saw him .
this is no credit to me , you know , I don't do anything .
I brought Authors , and I dare say Miss Kate knows something new and nice .
go and ask her .
at last he resolved to get into the castle and ask how he could help them .
he went and knocked .
so the diver hoisted it up , and was much disappointed on opening it to find no pearls .
peeping over the hedge , he saw the queen of his affections picking flowers in her garden .
he tried to climb over the hedge , but it seemed to grow higher and higher .
Beth had disappeared behind Jo , and Grace was asleep .
with practice we might do something quite clever .
and Jo gave a disdainful shrug as the rest laughed at Laurie 's matter-of-fact tone .
her turn came next .
and she slyly smiled in his disappointed face .
now , Miss Sallie , you shall have a chance without waiting to draw .
and Mr Brooke laid his book on her lap with an inviting smile .
there was a queer smile about Mr Brooke 's mouth as he opened at poor Mary 's lament .
I advise you to learn , for German is a valuable accomplishment to teachers .
what odd people these Yankees are .
what shall I do ?
an impromptu circus , fox and geese , and an amicable game of croquet finished the afternoon .
Ned , getting sentimental , warbled a serenade with the pensive refrain ....y
he looked at Meg with such a lackadiasical expression that she laughed outright and spoiled his song .
CASTLES IN THE AIR
peeping through the meshes of the hammock , he saw the Marches coming out , as if bound on some expedition .
they can't be going in the boat , for they haven't got the key .
perhaps they forgot it .
Amy was sketching a group of ferns , and Jo was knitting as she read aloud .
bring on your bears .
and Laurie sat down with a submissive expression delightful to behold .
I wanted to amuse him one night when you were all away , and he was rather dismal .
the sun was low , and the heavens glowed with the splendor of an autumn sunset .
I shall have to do a deal of traveling before I come in sight of your Celestial City .
that 's my favorite castle .
every one of us , but Beth , wants to be rich and famous , and gorgeous in every respect .
you mustn't talk in that way , and Laurie mustn't take your bad advice .
if you have been good , he looks satisfied and walks briskly .
so you keep an account of my good and bad marks in Brooke 's face , do you ?
don't be angry , and oh , don't tell him I said anything !
I didn't mean to preach or tell tales or be silly .
I only thought Jo was encouraging you in a feeling which you 'd be sorry for by-and-by .
and Meg offered her hand with a gesture both affectionate and timid .
Jo 's desk up here was an old tin kitchen which hung against the wall .
Laurie burst out with a hearty boy 's laugh , which made several passers-by smile in spite of themselves .
it 's grand fun and will straighten you up capitally .
I don't like Ned and his set , and wish you 'd keep out of it .
mother won't let us have him at our house , though he wants to come .
Just be a simple , honest , respectable boy , and we 'll never desert you .
I don't know what I should do if you acted like Mr King 's son .
all about people you know , and such fun !
you ought to hear it , and I 've been aching to tell it this long time .
you get everything you want out of people .
why , Jo , your stories are works of Shakespeare compared to half the rubbish that is published every day .
Laurie bent , and whispered three words in Jo 's ear , which produced a comical change .
it 's ridiculous , it won't be allowed .
don't try to make me grow up before my time , Meg .
it 's hard enough to have you change all of a sudden .
it was very splendid , and they have gone to spend the winter in Paris .
in a few minutes Jo bounced in , laid herself on the sofa , and affected to read .
I knew it !
it was good practice , he said , and when the beginners improved , anyone would pay .
Meg sighed , and turned to the frostbitten garden again .
it 's our day for a letter , and the postman hasn't been .
a sharp ring interrupted her , and a minute after Hannah came in with a letter .
come at once .
S HALE Blank Hospital , Washington .
the next train goes early in the morning .
the horses are ready .
on the way get these things .
I 'll put them down , they 'll be needed and I must go prepared for nursing .
hospital stores are not always good .
Beth , go and ask Mr Laurence for a couple of bottles of old wine .
I 'm not too proud to beg for Father .
he shall have the best of everything .
but the last was impossible .
I didn't beg , borrow , or steal it .
it will be good for my vanity , I was getting too proud of my wig .
it will do my brains good to have that mop taken off .
the work put into it made it dear , and so on .
so I begged him to take it , and told him why I was in such a hurry .
I never snivel over trifles like that .
Beth went to the piano and played the father 's favorite hymn .
it 's only the vain part of me that goes and cries in this silly way .
don't tell anyone , it 's all over now .
in the cold gray dawn the sisters lit their lamp and read their chapter with an earnestness never felt before .
Hannah is faithfulness itself , and our good neighbor will guard you as if you were his own .
go on with your work as usual , for work is a blessed solace .
the rattle of an approaching carriage made them all start and listen .
that was the hard minute , but the girls stood it well .
coffee was a treat , and Hannah showed great tact in making it that morning .
no one could resist her persuasive nods , or the fragrant invitation issuing from the nose of the coffee pot .
the girls are all as good as gold .
Jo helps me with the sewing , and insists on doing all sorts of hard jobs .
Beth is as regular about her tasks as a clock , and never forgets what you told her .
Amy minds me nicely , and I take great care of her .
she does her own hair , and I am teaching her to make buttonholes and mend her stockings .
she tries very hard , and I know you will be pleased with her improvement when you come .
Hannah is a perfect saint .
my precious Marmee :
Brooke was a trump to telegraph right off , and let us know the minute he was better .
didn't that do as well as a regular prayer ?
you 'd laugh to see Meg head the table and try to be motherish .
she gets prettier every day , and I 'm in love with her sometimes .
I freed my mind about a silly little thing , and he was offended .
I declared I wouldn't and got mad .
it lasted all day .
I felt bad and wanted you very much .
Laurie and I are both so proud , it 's hard to beg pardon .
but I thought he 'd come to it , for I was in the right .
I met him at the gate , coming for the same thing .
we both laughed , begged each other 's pardon , and felt all good and comfortable again .
a SONG FROM THE SUDS
the busy mind has no time to think Of sorrow or care or gloom .
and anxious thoughts may be swept away , As we bravely wield a broom .
everyone is very kind , and we are as happy as we can be without you .
Amy wants the rest of the page , so I must stop .
I didn't forget to cover the holders , and I wind the clock and air the rooms every day .
kiss dear Father on the cheek he calls mine .
oh , do come soon to your loving ....y
adieu , I send heaps of love to Papa .
your affectionate daughter ....y
Miss Meg is going to make a proper good housekeeper .
Beth is the best of little creeters , and a sight of help to me , bein so forehanded and dependable .
Amy does well without frettin , wearin her best clothes and eatin sweet stuff .
head Nurse of Ward No . @number@
dear Madam :
the little girls are all well .
Beth and my boy report daily .
Hannah is a model servant , and guards pretty Meg like a dragon .
Glad the fine weather holds .
don't let your husband want anything .
your sincere friend and servant , JAMES LAURENCE
for a week the amount of virtue in the old house would have supplied the neighborhood .
Amy found that housework and art did not go well together , and returned to her mud pies .
Beth kept on , with only slight relapses into idleness or grieving .
Mrs Hummel goes away to work , and Lottchen takes care of it .
Beth spoke earnestly , and Meg promised she would go tomorrow .
So Beth lay down on the sofa , the others returned to their work , and the Hummels were forgotten .
an hour passed .
he said it was dead , and looked at Heinrich and Minna , who have sore throats .
she never had it , and I should hate to give it to her .
and Beth leaned her head against her sister with a contented look , which effectually settled that point .
the baby 's death troubled her , but I dare say she has only got cold .
aunt March received them with her usual hospitality .
Laurie retired to the window , and Jo told her story .
and , Jo , you 'd better go at once .
Beth did have the fever , and was much sicker than anyone but Hannah and the doctor suspected .
everyone missed Beth .
she doesn't look like my Beth , and there 's nobody to help us bear it .
soon she dried the tears which had relieved her , and looked up with a grateful face .
now she won't feel so bad about leaving him .
Beth is my conscience , and I can't give her up .
I can't !
it isn't like you to be forlorn .
stop a bit .
you are a good doctor , Teddy , and such a comfortable friend .
we thought Hannah was overdoing the authority business , and your mother ought to know .
she 'd never forgive us if Beth ....v
well , if anything happened , you know .
I 'll do it by proxy , when your grandpa comes .
everything appeared to feel the hopeful change .
every one rejoiced but Beth .
the house was still as death , and nothing but the wailing of the wind broke the deep hush .
an hour went by , and nothing happened except Laurie 's quiet departure for the station .
praise be given !
before the girls could believe the happy truth , the doctor came to confirm it .
while these things were happening at home , Amy was having hard times at Aunt March 's .
then she was allowed one hour for exercise or play , and didn't she enjoy it ?
ah , no !
I know it , Madame confides in me .
but I wish she 'd let us have them now .
oh , I 'll be a lamb , if I can only have that lovely ring !
it 's ever so much prettier than Kitty Bryant 's .
and Amy tried on the blue ring with a delighted face and a firm resolve to earn it .
but , Amy was a young pilgrim , and just now her burden seemed very heavy .
get along , you fright !
hold your tongue !
kiss me , dear !
I poked it out , and it ran under the bookcase .
MY LAST WILL AND TESTIMENT
to my father , my best pictures , sketches , maps , and works of art , including frames .
I wish my favorite playmate Kitty Bryant to have the blue silk apron and my gold-bead ring with a kiss .
I forgive everyone , and trust we may all meet when the trump shall sound .
Estelle Valnor , Theodore Laurence .
then he amused her for an hour , and was much interested in all her trials .
what a strange yet pleasant day that was .
aunt gave me the ring today .
she gave that funny guard to keep the turquoise on , as it 's too big .
wear your ring , dear , and do your best .
I think you will prosper , for the sincere wish to be good is half the battle .
now I must go back to Beth .
now Meg does not do anything of the sort .
I know you 'll take his part .
it would be idiotic !
I knew there was mischief brewing .
I felt it , and now it 's worse than I imagined .
I see it all !
they 'll go lovering around the house , and we shall have to dodge .
oh , dear me !
Jo leaned her chin on her knees in a disconsolate attitude and shook her fist at the reprehensible John .
if she and John love one another , they can wait , and test the love by doing so .
she is conscientious , and I have no fear of her treating him unkindly .
my pretty , tender hearted girl !
don't make plans , Jo , but let time and their own hearts mate your friends .
I wish wearing flatirons on our heads would keep us from growing up .
I 'm going to bed .
LAURIE MAKES MISCHIEF , AND JO MAKES PEACE
I 've done nothing !
Do let me bring that wicked boy over to explain and be lectured .
let me handle this , for it is worse than I thought .
I 'll comfort Meg while you go and get Laurie .
Meg received his humble apology , and was much comforted by the assurance that Brooke knew nothing of the joke .
Jo immediately knocked again .
could I ask what 's the matter ?
and the injured youth finished his sentence by an energetic gesture of the right arm .
as I couldn't , I held my tongue , and bore the scolding till the old gentleman collared me .
I 'm not going to be lectured and pummelled by everyone , just for a bit of a frolic .
I 'll go to Washington and see Brooke .
you go and surprise your father , and I 'll stir up old Brooke .
it would be a glorious joke .
let's do it , Jo .
we 'll leave a letter saying we are all right , and trot off at once .
I 've got money enough .
sit down and think of your own sins , don't go making me add to mine .
don't try to shield him .
I know he has been in mischief by the way he acted when he came home .
he shall not shelter himself behind a promise from you softhearted girls .
if he 's done anything amiss , he shall confess , beg pardon , and be punished .
mother forbade it .
it was partly my fault , but it 's all right now .
Jo was sorry for that speech the minute it was made .
where 's your respect for me , and your proper bringing up ?
bless the boys and girls !
he likes fun , and this way is better than talking .
the note was written in the terms which one gentleman would use to another after offering some deep insult .
I got it all round .
like sunshine after a storm were the peaceful weeks which followed .
several days of unusually mild weather fitly ushered in a splendid Christmas Day .
THE JUNGFRAU TO BETH
God bless you , dear Queen Bess !
Laurie opened the parlor door and popped his head in very quietly .
Jo disgraced herself by nearly fainting away , and had to be doctored by Laurie in the china closet .
but it was too late .
I 'll try to sing the song of the shepherd boy which the Pilgrims heard .
AUNT MARCH SETTLES THE QUESTION
but something was needed , and the elder ones felt it , though none confessed the fact .
you are not like your old self a bit , and seem ever so far away from me .
but the instant she vanished , Meg began to sidle toward the door , murmuring ....v
I only want to know if you care for me a little , Meg .
this was the moment for the calm , proper speech , but Meg didn't make it .
this nettled her .
I don't want to be worried about such things .
I 'll wait and say nothing till you have had more time .
don't play with me , Meg .
that boy 's tutor ?
I know all about it .
Jo blundered into a wrong message in one of your Father 's letters , and I made her tell me .
he 'll hear .
tell me , do you mean to marry this Cook ?
is that the way you take my advice , Miss ?
you ought to marry well and help your family .
aunt March took no notice , but went on with her lecture .
we are willing to work and we mean to wait .
no , I won't stop .
don't expect anything from me when you are married .
your Mr Brooke 's friends must take care of you .
and slamming the door in Meg 's face , Aunt March drove off in high dudgeon .
at the odd sound the lovers turned and saw her .
how much has happened since I said that !
it 's all right you see .
don't you wish you could take a look forward and see where we shall all be then ?
so the curtain falls upon Meg , Jo , Beth , and Amy .
LITTLE WOMEN PART @number@
in order that we may start afresh and go to Meg 's wedding ....v
the three years that have passed have brought but few changes to the quiet family .
sinners told their sins to the pure-hearted old man and were both rebuked and saved .
gifted men found a companion in him .
so she gave her mornings to duty , her afternoons to pleasure , and prospered finely .
that was the name of the little brown house Mr Brooke had prepared for Meg 's first home .
he was possessed with a mania for patronizing Yankee ingenuity , and seeing his friends fitly furnished forth .
so each week beheld some fresh absurdity .
all three laughed as Meg spoke , for that linen closet was a joke .
and Meg looked quite contented , as well she might .
bless you , Beth !
what a refreshing spectacle you are , Jo .
I 'm in such a state of exhaustion I can't get home without help .
I say , Jo , how is Grandpa this week ?
we heard about Henshaw and all you did for him .
he talks of her constantly , writes poetry , and moons about in a most suspicious manner .
we don't want any more marrying in this family for years to come .
I 'm not one of the agreeable sort .
now don't say any more about it .
Meg 's wedding has turned all our heads , and we talk of nothing but lovers and such absurdities .
Beth has grown slender , pale , and more quiet than ever .
the fatherly voice broke more than once , which only seemed to make the service more beautiful and solemn .
the bridegroom 's hand trembled visibly , and no one heard his replies .
I give you my word for it .
don't think too well of me , either , this is not one of my temptations .
thank you all for my happy wedding day .
everybody liked her , for among her good gifts was tact .
what do you want for lunch ?
but Jo frowned upon the whole project and would have nothing to do with it at first .
I do , and I mean to make the most of every chance that comes .
the invitations were sent , nearly all accepted , and the following Monday was set apart for the grand event .
Beth got a cold and took to her bed .
now that was tact , for two of the ruling foibles of the masculine mind were touched .
I 'll go onto the porch and meet them .
Germans like messes .
I 've done what I undertook , and it 's not my fault that it failed .
fortune suddenly smiled upon Jo , and dropped a good luck penny in her path .
on her right , her only neighbor was a studious looking lad absorbed in a newspaper .
Jo had never tried this style before , contenting herself with very mild romances for The Spread Eagle .
he knows what will sell , and we don't .
her family and friends administered comfort and commendation liberally .
like most other young matrons , Meg began her married life with the determination to be a model housekeeper .
they were very happy , even after they discovered that they couldn't live on love alone .
John did not find Meg 's beauty diminished , though she beamed at him from behind the familiar coffee pot .
at first they played keep-house , and frolicked over it like children .
I shall always be prepared .
it is a world of disappointments , as John discovered when he reached the Dovecote .
the front door usually stood hospitably open .
now it was not only shut , but locked , and yesterday 's mud still adorned the steps .
I 've been at it till I 'm all worn out .
I can bear anything better than that .
take him away at once .
we 're both as hungry as hunters , so we shan't mind what it is .
give us the cold meat , and bread and cheese .
he meant it to be a good-natured joke , but that one word sealed his fate .
it 's like a man to propose a bone and vulgar bread and cheese for company .
I won't have anything of the sort in my house .
unfortunately , John didn't come , not seeing the matter in that light .
no , by George , it wasn't !
it was hard upon her when she tried so heartily to please me .
she was wrong , of course , but then she was young .
a few other topics of general interest were introduced by Mr Brooke and wet-blanketed by Mrs Brooke , and conversation languished .
John went to one window , unfolded his paper , and wrapped himself in it , figuratively speaking .
she glanced at him with tears in her eyes , but he did not see them .
of course that settled it .
forgive me , dear .
in the autumn , new trials and experiences came to Meg .
it was pleasant , for in dull weather Meg often felt lonely .
Meg didn't like to be pitied and made to feel poor .
a few days before she had done a dreadful thing , and it weighed upon her conscience .
aunt March usually gave the sisters a present of twenty-five dollars apiece at New Year 's .
that was the question .
I won't beat you if you have got a pair of killing boots .
I don't mean to waste your money , and I didn't think those little things would count up so .
I didn't mean it !
it was so wicked , so untrue and ungrateful , how could I say it !
where is everybody ?
we didn't want no hurrycanes round .
presently Jo appeared , proudly bearing a flannel bundle laid forth upon a large pillow .
Laurie backed precipitately into a corner , and put his hands behind him with an imploring gesture .
isn't it fun ?
are they boys ?
what are you going to name them ?
let's have another look .
besides , one has blue eyes and one brown .
I 'm neat and cool and comfortable , quite proper for a dusty walk on a warm day .
if people care more for my clothes than they do for me , I don't wish to see them .
you can dress for both , and be as elegant as you please .
it pays for you to be fine .
I don't know which is the most absurd .
well , I 'll go if I must , and do my best .
it 's becoming , and you look too sober in your plain suit .
take your light gloves and the embroidered handkerchief .
your head is all I could ask , for that white bonnet with the rose is quite ravishing .
there 's one thing you can do well , Jo , that is , wear a shawl .
it 's simple , but handsome , and those folds over the arm are really artistic .
is the point of my mantle in the middle , and have I looped my dress evenly ?
the sweeping style suits you best , and you must learn to trail your skirts gracefully .
try to be sociable at the Lambs ' .
I 'll gossip and giggle , and have horrors and raptures over any trifle you like .
I can do it , for I have May Chester as a model , and I 'll improve upon her .
one may imagine her suffering on overhearing fragments of this sort of conversation .
she used to practice mounting , holding the reins , and sitting straight on an old saddle in a tree .
but what could she do ?
her struggles were really pathetic .
you can't buy those soft shades , so we paint ours any color we like .
there 's nothing the child can't do .
I write that rubbish because it sells , and ordinary people like it .
Good-by , dear , do come and see us .
we are pining for a visit .
the boys are at home , and we 'll have a comfortable time .
leaving her sister to her own devices , Amy proceeded to enjoy herself to her heart 's content .
it might have been worse , but Amy considered it bad .
Tommy is poor and bashful and good and very clever .
we can't agree about that , for you belong to the old set , and I to the new .
you will get on the best , but I shall have the liveliest time of it .
I like your grateful spirit , my dear .
it 's a pleasure to help people who appreciate our efforts .
Crosspatch , draw the latch , Sit by the fire and spin ,
Amy 's dainty pen-and-ink work entirely eclipsed May 's painted vases that was one thorn .
wouldn't you like the flower table ?
the little girls undertook it , but they are discouraged .
she colored angrily , but took no other notice of that girlish sarcasm , and answered with unexpected amiability ....y
it was late , and she was tired .
her best tile got a splash of water , which left a sepia tear on the Cupid 's cheek .
any girl reader who has suffered like afflictions will sympathize with poor Amy and wish her well through her task .
there was great indignation at home when she told her story that evening .
her mother said it was a shame , but told her she had done right .
she began well , thanks to a silent reminder that came to her unexpectedly , but most opportunely .
she heard May say sorrowfully ....y
the table was just complete then .
now , that was hard .
few cared to buy flowers in summer , and her bouquets began to droop long before night .
the art table was the most attractive in the room .
her mother gave her an extra cordial cup of tea .
presently the familiar tramp was heard in the dusk , and she ran out to meet him .
they are just as much yours as mine .
half of some of your things wouldn't suit me at all .
but we mustn't stand philandering here .
she reproached herself for her share of the ill feeling and resolved to exonerate Amy as soon as possible .
a week later Amy did get her reward , and poor Jo found it hard to be delighted .
she 's too young , it 's my turn first .
I 've wanted it so long .
Amy has all the fun and I have all the work .
there was not much time for preparation , and the house was in a ferment till Amy was off .
Amy likewise bore up stoutly till the steamer sailed .
it 's not a fashionable place , but Uncle stopped here years ago , and won't go anywhere else .
however , we don't mean to stay long , so it 's no great matter .
oh , I can't begin to tell you how I enjoy it all !
such walks on deck , such sunsets , such splendid air and waves !
I never shall forget it .
wasn't that nonsensical ?
we only stopped at Liverpool a few hours .
it 's a dirty , noisy place , and I was glad to leave it .
it amused Uncle immensely .
oh , I must tell you what that absurd Lennox did !
wasn't that fun , girls ?
I like traveling .
the trip was like riding through a long picture gallery , full of lovely landscapes .
this is the way we went on .
we rested , unpacked , and shopped a little between the showers .
aunt Mary got me some new things , for I came off in such a hurry I wasn't half ready .
shopping in Regent Street is perfectly splendid .
I laid in a stock , but shall get my gloves in Paris .
it was so droll !
the Duke of Devonshire lives near .
Laurie 's English friends , Fred and Frank Vaughn !
I was so surprised , for I shouldn't have known them but for the cards .
tell Beth Frank asked for her , and was sorry to hear of her ill health .
neither of them had forgotten Camp Laurence , or the fun we had there .
aunt is tapping on the wall for the third time , so I must stop .
Fred wanted to get me some , but of course I didn't allow it .
then the Bois and Champs Elysees are tres magnifique .
that is so Frenchy .
get Father 's old guidebooks and read about it .
next morning Fred showed me one of the crumpled flowers in his vest pocket , and looked very sentimental .
he needs someone to look after him when Frank is not with him .
Frankfurt was delightful .
it was very lovely , but I should have enjoyed it more if I had known the story better .
I didn't like to ask , as everyone knew it or pretended they did .
I wish Jo would tell me all about it .
he has been so kind and jolly that we all got quite fond of him .
I never thought of anything but a traveling friendship till the serenade night .
I can't help it if people like me .
I like him , and we get on comfortably together .
he is handsome , young , clever enough , and very rich ever so much richer than the Laurences .
I like it , for it 's genuine .
oh , it would be all I should ask !
one of us must marry well .
I wouldn't marry a man I hated or despised .
he said nothing , but little things showed it .
I had a feeling that something was going to happen and I was ready for it .
By-and-by I heard Fred 's voice , and then he came hurrying through the great arch to find me .
he said he 'd just got a letter begging him to come home , for Frank was very ill .
so he was going at once on the night train and only had time to say good-by .
send me as much advice as you like .
I 'll use it if I can .
I wish I could see you for a good talk , Marmee .
I found her crying over the babies the other day .
I always feel strong when you are at home , now Meg is gone .
she was affecting to write busily one Saturday afternoon , when she and Beth were alone together .
yet as she scribbled , she kept her eye on her sister , who seemed unusually quiet .
he must .
here 's Meg married and a mamma , Amy flourishing away at Paris , and Beth in love .
therefore , no one thought of imagining that he cared more for her than for the others .
but where should she go ?
she 's engaged .
bless your innocent soul !
I shall be better soon .
I feel restless and anxious to be seeing , doing , and learning more than I am .
I had a bright idea yesterday , and this is it .
you know Mrs Kirke wrote to you for some respectable young person to teach her children and sew .
her family is separate from the rest , and no one knows me there .
Jo looked up and Jo looked down , then said slowly , with sudden color in her cheeks .
I 'm glad you think he is only beginning to care for me .
he hasn't said anything , but he looks a great deal .
Meg is so , and I am content with her success .
Amy is my chief care now , but her good sense will help her .
for Beth , I indulge no hopes except that she may be well .
New York , November
dear Marmee and Beth ,
there are some pleasant people in the house if you feel sociable , and your evenings are always free .
come to me if anything goes wrong , and be as happy as you can .
I like such things , for as Father says , trifles show character .
he 's almost forty , so it 's no harm , Marmee .
I hate ordinary people !
it seems that Tina is the child of the Frenchwoman who does the fine ironing in the laundry here .
the maiden lady is a Miss Norton , rich , cultivated , and kind .
I was in our parlor last evening when Mr Bhaer came in with some newspapers for Mrs Kirke .
she wasn't there , but Minnie , who is a little old woman , introduced me very prettily .
pray forward Amy 's as soon as you can spare them .
my small news will sound very flat after her splendors , but you will like them , I know .
is Teddy studying so hard that he can't find time to write to his friends ?
we are very good friends now , and I 've begun to take lessons .
Half-finished boats and bits of string lay among the manuscripts .
it 's dreadful , but I can't scold him .
he 's so absent-minded and goodnatured , he lets those boys ride over him roughshod .
we will make the time , and we fail not to find the sense .
but I haf an eye , and I see much .
I haf a heart , and I feel thanks for this .
I took four lessons , and then I stuck fast in a grammatical bog .
now we go well !
I mean to give him something on Christmas , for I dare not offer money .
tell me something nice , Marmee .
you see Beth manages him better than I did .
I 'm not jealous , dear , do your best , only don't make a saint of him .
I 'm afraid I couldn't like him without a spice of human naughtiness .
read him bits of my letters .
I haven't time to write much , and that will do just as well .
thank you all , heaps and heaps !
now don't laugh at his horrid name .
mother would admire his warm heart , Father his wise head .
they got up a masquerade , and had a gay time New Year 's Eve .
I didn't mean to go down , having no dress .
I enjoyed it very much , and when we unmasked it was fun to see them stare at me .
Meg will relish that joke .
Mr Bhaer was Nick Bottom , and Tina was Titania , a perfect little fairy in his arms .
bless you all !
she took to writing sensation stories , for in those dark ages , even all-perfect America read rubbish .
somewhat daunted by this reception , Jo hesitated on the threshold , murmuring in much embarrassment ....v
which was not quite a correct statement , by the way .
such trifles do escape the editorial mind , it is said .
tell her to make it short and spicy , and never mind the moral .
the tale will be out next week .
it was easy to keep her secret , for no name appeared with her stories .
she excited the suspicions of public librarians by asking for works on poisons .
she studied faces in the street , and characters , good , bad , and indifferent , all about her .
why everybody liked him was what puzzled Jo , at first .
they looked as if they were at ease , and liked to make him comfortable .
he never spoke of himself , and in a conversation with Miss Norton divulged the pleasing fact .
another and a better gift than intellect was shown her in a most unexpected manner .
Miss Norton had the entree into most society , which Jo would have had no chance of seeing but for her .
she took them with her one night to a select symposium , held in honor of several celebrities .
turning as from a fallen idol , she made other discoveries which rapidly dispelled her romantic illusions .
somehow , as he talked , the world got right again to Jo .
the old beliefs , that had lasted so long , seemed better than the new .
this belief strengthened daily .
they are not for children to see , nor young people to read .
I do not think that good young girls should see such things .
if the respectable people knew what harm they did , they would not feel that the living was honest .
they haf no right to put poison in the sugarplum , and let the small ones eat it .
Mr Bhaer spoke warmly , and walked to the fire , crumpling the paper in his hands .
everyone seemed sorry when the time came .
and with that , he shook hands warmly , shouldered Tina , and went away .
she had not the heart to refuse her splendid , successful boy anything , and answered warmly ....v
and Jo took heart again , for that salutation could not be called lover-like .
I 've tried to show it , but you wouldn't let me .
it was like you , but it was no use .
so he just laid his head down on the mossy post , and stood so still that Jo was frightened .
I wish you wouldn't take it so hard , I can't help it .
pray , don't fly into a passion .
Jo paused a little over the last word , but Laurie uttered it with a rapturous expression .
I 've tried and failed , and I won't risk our happiness by such a serious experiment .
it won't help me , and it only makes it harder .
everyone expects it .
grandpa has set his heart upon it , your people like it , and I can't get on without you .
I shouldn't .
that speech was like gunpowder .
how can girls like to have lovers and refuse them ?
he bore it as long as he could , then went to his piano and began to play .
just what Laurie longed to say , with a different meaning !
I quite enjoy the idea .
I go because I think you 'd feel happier than if I was left behind .
I give you entire liberty , but I trust you to make an honest use of it .
that was all , except a little pause .
when Jo came home that spring , she had been struck with the change in Beth .
but when Laurie was gone , and peace prevailed again , the vague anxiety returned and haunted her .
Beth was too shy to enjoy society , and Jo too wrapped up in her to care for anyone else .
one day Beth told her .
I wasn't sure , no one said anything , and I hoped I was mistaken .
he is so good to me , how can I help It ?
but he could never be anything to me but my brother .
I can't let you go .
I 'll work and pray and fight against it .
I 'll keep you in spite of everything .
there must be ways , it can't be too late .
simple , sincere people seldom speak much of their piety .
it shows itself in acts rather than in words , and has more influence than homilies or protestations .
if they don't see it , you will tell them for me .
I don't want any secrets , and it 's kinder to prepare them .
but , Beth , I don't give up yet .
I 'm not like the rest of you .
I never made any plans about what I 'd do when I grew up .
I never thought of being married , as you all did .
a white-winged gull flew by , with the flash of sunshine on its silvery breast .
Beth watched it till it vanished , and her eyes were full of sadness .
I like peeps better than the gulls .
they are not so wild and handsome , but they seem happy , confiding little things .
dear little girl !
it won't do any good .
I 'm sure of that .
we won't be miserable , but enjoy being together while we wait .
she was right .
when did you come ?
get in and we can talk at our ease .
I was going for a drive and longing for company .
there are many Americans there , and they give it in honor of the day .
you 'll go with us , of course ?
the view is so lovely , and I like to feed the peacocks .
the river and the hills are delicious , and these glimpses of the narrow cross streets are my delight .
now we shall have to wait for that procession to pass .
time and absence had done its work on both the young people .
her amazed look and quick answer caused Laurie to repair his error as fast as possible .
was all the satisfaction she got , however .
the air was dark with Davises , and many Joneses gamboled like a flock of young giraffes .
but three months passed , and there was no return of repose .
it isn't fair that I should have the hardest work , and never any amusement .
speak to me as if I were little Meg again .
besides , you owe something to John as well as to the babies .
his place is there as well as yours , and the children need him .
I nearly spoiled her by indulgence .
that is the secret of our home happiness .
then I 'd do what I have often proposed , let Hannah come and help you .
you need the exercise , Hannah would enjoy the rest , and John would find his wife again .
this tastes right .
but John shook his head , and said to Meg ....y
you have made a slave of yourself long enough .
give him one lesson , and then there will be an end of it .
when John spoke in that masterful tone , Meg always obeyed , and never regretted her docility .
I really need some music to put me in tune .
Even Sallie Moffatt liked to go there .
Laurie went to Nice intending to stay a week , and remained a month .
I preferred to stay at home and write letters .
but she tucked it under her arm with a sharp ....y
the two never quarreled .
she answered him with a smile , and they went on together in the most amicable manner .
it was a lovely drive , along winding roads rich in the picturesque scenes that delight beauty-loving eyes .
Valrosa well deserved its name , for in that climate of perpetual summer roses blossomed everywhere .
how will you have me , full length or three-quarters , on my head or my heels ?
that satisfied her and set at rest the doubts that had begun to worry her lately .
don't you hear often ?
I 'm roving about so , it 's impossible to be regular , you know .
I want to be great , or nothing .
bless my soul , what unearthly prudence !
it takes two flints to make a fire .
it 's Lazy Laurence .
I said when we first met that you had improved .
with money , talent , position , health , and beauty , ah you like that old Vanity !
Amy spoke bitterly , and turned her back on the exasperating martyr at her feet .
girls are quick to read such signs and feel their eloquence .
and Jo wouldn't be kind to you ?
she hates lazy people .
that was no more than you ought to have done , for your grandfather 's sake .
neither spoke for several minutes .
you 've improved immensely since then , and I congratulate you .
Amy felt the shade of coldness in his manner , and said to herself ....y
but both felt ill at ease .
something in his face made Amy say quickly and warmly ....y
I think Fred would be benefited by a rouser .
tell him so , with my congratulations .
THE VALLEY OF THE SHADOW
Precious and helpful hours to Jo , for now her heart received the teaching that it needed .
as she sat with the paper folded between her hands , the charred log fell asunder .
Jo started up , revived the blaze , and crept to the bedside , hoping Beth slept .
see , I found this and read it .
I knew you wouldn't care .
if it fails , they generously give her the whole .
he had always meant to do something , and Amy 's advice was quite unnecessary .
he had only been waiting till the aforesaid blighted affections were decently interred .
talent isn't genius , and you can't make it so .
I dare say you don't , Mrs Grundy , but it 's true nevertheless .
Laurie 's heart wouldn't ache .
he had not foreseen this turn of affairs , and was not prepared for it .
he carefully stirred up the embers of his lost love , but they refused to burst into a blaze .
I haven't forgotten , I never can .
she was wrapped up in Beth , and never wished to hear the word love again .
she didn't want Laurie to think her a heartless , worldly creature .
she ought to have made an effort and tried to love him .
Amy never lectured now .
poor old fellow !
while these changes were going on abroad , trouble had come at home .
if monsieur would give himself the pain of sitting down , a flash of time should present her .
at Nice , Laurie had lounged and Amy had scolded .
they seemed to get clearer views of life and duty up there among the everlasting hills .
the fresh winds blew away desponding doubts , delusive fancies , and moody mists .
the warm spring sunshine brought out all sorts of aspiring ideas , tender hopes , and happy thoughts .
his second wooing , he resolved , should be as calm and simple as possible .
some people seemed to get all sunshine , and some all shadow .
grief is the best opener of some hearts , and Jo 's was nearly ready for the bag .
providence had taken her at her word .
now , could she do it ?
write something for us , and never mind the rest of the world .
try it , dear .
but Jo got out her desk and began to overhaul her half-finished manuscripts .
humor and pathos make it alive , and you have found your style at last .
you wrote with no thoughts of fame and money , and put your heart into it , my daughter .
you may trust me .
but you are right in one thing .
truly , love does work miracles .
By-and-by Jo roamed away upstairs , for it was rainy , and she could not walk .
she drew them out , turned them over , and relived that pleasant winter at kind Mrs Kirke 's .
was it all self-pity , loneliness , or low spirits ?
who shall say ?
Jo was alone in the twilight , lying on the old sofa , looking at the fire , and thinking .
it was her favorite way of spending the hour of dusk .
Jo was mistaken in that .
then she knew him , and flew up , crying joyfully ....v
my blessed boy , words can't express my gladness .
I couldn't wait .
Amy did it to please you .
but Grandpa wanted to come home .
well , then Uncle and Aunt were there to play propriety .
Amy and you changed places in my heart , that 's all .
the happy old times can't come back , and we mustn't expect it .
I 'm sure you feel this .
I see the change in you , and you 'll find it in me .
we left you to bear it alone , while we went pleasuring .
you are older .
here 's a line , and there 's another .
you 've had a great deal to bear , and had to bear it all alone .
you look a little wicked now .
she is the sort of woman who knows how to rule well .
a flank movement produced an unconditional surrender , however , for Laurie knew where to have him .
Amy , who was handed about like refreshments , returned to the parlor on Father Laurence 's arm .
the others paired off as before , and this arrangement left Jo companionless .
she did not mind it at the minute , for she lingered to answer Hannah 's eager inquiry .
my sister and friends have just come home , and we are all very happy .
for poverty enriches those who live above it , and is a sure passport to truly hospitable spirits .
but it did not last long .
he got interested in spite of himself , and before he knew it , was drawn into the circle .
for Mr Bhaer talked well in this genial atmosphere , and did himself justice .
they were not all there .
the little chair stood in its old place .
it was hard to say ....y
the song was considered a great success , and the singer retired covered with laurels .
MY LORD AND LADY
come home , dear , and I 'll find your bootjack .
I need something of the sort to keep me steady .
if my memory serves me , you once thought it your duty to make a rich match .
I thought there was something in the dimple that didn't quite suit you .
Amy looked up at him , and was satisfied .
her little jealous fear vanished forever , and she thanked him , with a face full of love and confidence .
there 's one sort of poverty that I particularly like to help .
I am not putting the thoughts into his head , but helping him unfold those already there .
but Demi corners her by the cool reply ....y
Daisy , who was fond of going about peddling kisses , lost her best customer and became bankrupt .
excuse me for a moment .
we are just finishing our lesson .
thou beginnest early .
then , if she was going to Meg 's he always had something for the babies .
for a fortnight , the Professor came and went with lover-like regularity .
a drop of rain on her cheek recalled her thoughts from baffled hopes to ruined ribbons .
Jo , I 'm ashamed of you !
Mr Bhaer could read several languages , but he had not learned to read women yet .
on learning his good fortune she almost clapped her hands .
was the joy all for the boys ?
will you come in ?
but owing to the flutter she was in , everything went amiss .
Jo 's voice was more pathetic than she knew .
I didn't see the name distinctly .
never mind , I can walk .
Mr Bhaer saw the drops on her cheeks , though she turned her head away .
that I do not believe .
it was asleep till the fairy prince came through the wood , and waked it up .
read and find him .
ah , happy mother !
I 'm to carry my share , Friedrich , and help to earn the home .
I must go away and do my work alone .
I have my duty , also , and my work .
Jo led her lover in , and shut the door .
the second year began rather soberly , for their prospects did not brighten , and Aunt March died suddenly .
it 's a splendid idea .
money doesn't stay in his pocket long enough to lay up any .
it 's just the place for boys , the house is big , and the furniture strong and plain .
there 's plenty of room for dozens inside , and splendid grounds outside .
they could help in the garden and orchard .
such work is healthy , isn't it , sir ?
rich people 's children often need care and comfort , as well as poor .
some are naughty through mismanagment or neglect , and some lose their mothers .
I 've been through something of it , and I know all about it .
every room in the big house was soon full .
every little plot in the garden soon had its owner .
for then the Marches , Laurences , Brookes and Bhaers turned out in full force and made a day of it .
the old orchard wore its holiday attire .
goldenrod and asters fringed the mossy walls .
grasshoppers skipped briskly in the sere grass , and crickets chirped like fairy pipers at a feast .
squirrels were busy with their small harvesting .
everybody was there .
everybody laughed and sang , climbed up and tumbled down .
the gentle apple 's winey juice .
this cross was doing much for both father and mother , for one love and sorrow bound them closely together .
into each life some rain must fall , Some days must be dark and sad and dreary .
CHAPTER I : Reddy Fox Brings Granny News
snow covered the Green Meadows and the Green Forest , and ice bound the Smiling Pool and the Laughing Brook .
Reddy and Granny Fox were hungry most of the time .
it can be done , for I have done it before , but I don't like the idea .
we will never know when Farmer Brown 's boy will take it into his head to smoke us out .
I 've seen it done .
granny snapped .
it 's frozen over .
you go over there now while I see what I can find in the Green Forest .
much against his will Reddy obeyed .
CHAPTER II : granny And Reddy Fox Go Hunting
they had .
granny led the way and Reddy meekly followed her .
it 's a pity , a great pity .
granny was doing some quiet laughing herself .
he has got to be shown .
perhaps you do .
then again , perhaps you don't .
so sometimes it is best not to be too sure of your own opinion .
Reddy was sure .
presently they came to the bank of the Big River .
he was still grinning when she tiptoed back .
he expected to see her face long with disappointment .
instead she looked very much pleased .
CHAPTER III : Reddy Is Sure Granny Has Lost Her Senses
Reddy went .
there was nothing else to do .
granny watched until Reddy had readied his hiding-place .
why , she walked right out on the little beach just below Reddy and in plain sight of Quacker !
yes , Sir , that is what she did !
she rolled over and over .
she chased her tail round and round until it made Reddy dizzy to watch her .
she jumped up in the air .
Reddy stared and stared .
she was crazy .
yes , Sir , that must be the matter .
it must be that she had gone without food so long that she had gone crazy .
she was in her second childhood .
you know Reddy thinks a great deal of dignity .
he never would hear the end of it if they did .
the snow flew up in a cloud .
Quacker was sitting up as straight as he could .
CHAPTER IV : Quacker The Duck Grows Curious
the most curious thing in the world is curiosity .
old Granny Fox never said a truer thing than that .
Quacker had spent the summer in the Far North with Honker the Goose .
in fact , he had been born there .
I suspect he thought he knew all there was to know .
in this respect he was a good deal like Reddy Fox himself .
that was because he was young .
it is the way with young Ducks and Foxes and with some other youngsters I know .
but so far as he could see , Granny didn't once look at him .
she was acting as if she had suddenly lost her senses .
over and over she rolled .
she turned somersaults .
she lay on her back and kicked her heels in the air .
never in his life had he known any one to act like that .
Quacker began to get excited .
he began to swim nearer .
he wanted to see better .
he quite forgot she was a Fox .
she moved so fast that she was just a queer red spot on the beach .
whatever she was doing was very curious and very exciting .
he swam nearer and nearer .
the excitement was catching .
he began to swim in circles himself .
all the time he drew nearer and nearer to the shore .
he didn't have the least bit of fear .
he was just curious .
he wanted to see better .
as he swam nearer and nearer to the shore , Granny rolled and tumbled farther and farther back .
at last Quacker was close to the shore .
if he kept on , he would be right on the land in a few minutes .
no thought of danger entered his head .
you see , there was no room because it was so filled with curiosity .
and just then something happened .
CHAPTER V : Reddy Fox Is Afraid To Go Home
that was why he was afraid to go home .
Reddy 's own eyes gleamed with excitement .
would Quacker keep on right up to the shore ?
Reddy squirmed uneasily .
he couldn't see as well as he wanted to .
the bushes behind which he was lying were in his way .
he wanted to see Granny make that jump which would mean a dinner for both .
forgetting what Granny had charged him , Reddy eagerly raised his head to look over the edge of the bank .
his quick eyes caught the movement of Reddy 's head and in an instant all his curiosity vanished .
that sharp face peering at him over the edge of the bank could mean but one thing danger !
he saw through it now .
like a flash he turned .
then he flew out to the safety of the open water .
granny sprang , but she was just too late and succeeded in doing no more than wet her feet .
of course , Granny didn't know what had frightened Quacker , not at first , anyway .
but she had her suspicions .
she turned and looked up at the place where Reddy had been hiding .
she couldn't see him .
then she bounded up the bank .
Reddy was running away .
then she knew .
at first Granny was very angry .
it was a very good fish , and when she had eaten it Granny felt better .
I guess it was worth while even if I didn't catch Quacker .
granny smacked her lips and started for home .
but Reddy , with a guilty conscience , was afraid to go home .
CHAPTER VI : old Granny Fox Is Caught Napping
the wisest folks will make mistakes , but if they are truly wise they will profit from them .
but once in a while even the smartest people are caught napping .
yes , Sir , that does happen .
they will be careless sometimes .
yes , Sir , she actually believed that .
so at last she grew careless .
yes , Sir , she grew careless .
and that is something no Fox or anybody else can afford to do .
she took sun-naps there very often .
it was her favorite resting place .
then she would hurry straight to that knoll to rest and grin at her own smartness .
of course , every time she put a foot down she left a print in the snow .
and where she curled up in the sun she left the print of her body .
they were very plain to see , were these prints , and Farmer Brown 's boy saw them .
Just for fun he followed them and so came to the sunny knoll .
granny had left some time before , but of course she couldn't take the print of her body with her .
that remained in the snow , and Farmer Brown 's boy saw it and knew instantly what it meant .
he grinned , and could Granny Fox have seen that grin , she would have been uncomfortable .
I think we will give you a surprise one of these days .
yes , indeed , I think we will give you a surprise .
Farmer Brown 's boy grinned just as he had the day before .
he waited patiently a long , long time .
Farmer Brown 's boy knew exactly what that meant .
it meant that Granny had played one of her smart tricks and Bowser had lost her trail .
CHAPTER VII : granny Fox Has A Bad Dream
old Granny Fox was dreaming .
yes , Sir , she was dreaming .
she was quite sure that no one knew anything about it .
it was one of her secrets .
in the first place she had been out hunting all night .
of course , it wouldn't have done to go home then .
Bowser would have followed her straight there and so found out where she lived .
right away she fell asleep .
her eyes may be closed , but not her ears .
if you ever want to catch a Fox asleep , you mustn't make the teeniest , weeniest noise .
just remember that .
at first it was a very pleasant dream , the pleasantest dream a Fox can have .
it was of a chicken dinner , all the chicken she could eat .
granny certainly enjoyed that dream .
but presently the dream changed and became a bad dream .
yes , indeed , it became a bad dream .
it was as bad as at first it had been good .
they didn't puzzle him long enough for her to get her breath .
she was so tired that it seemed to her that she couldn't run another step .
you know dreams sometimes do seem very real indeed .
her eyes flew open .
no , Sir , she didn't .
for just a few seconds she didn't move .
she couldn't .
she was too frightened to move .
then she knew what she saw was real and not a dream at all .
that was Farmer Brown 's boy , and that was his dreadful gun !
all in a flash she knew that Farmer Brown 's boy must have been hiding behind those pine boughs .
for once in her life she had been caught napping .
she knew it .
in time of danger heed this rule : think hard and fast , but pray keep cool .
it wasn't the least bit of use to run .
granny knew that .
for a few seconds she stared at Farmer Brown 's boy , too frightened to move or even think .
then she began to wonder why that dreadful gun didn't go off .
what was Farmer Brown 's boy waiting for ?
she got to her feet .
she was sure that the first step would be her last , yet she couldn't stay there .
how could Fanner Brown 's boy do such a dreadful thing ?
somehow , his freckled face didn't look cruel .
he was even beginning to grin .
and right at that very instant Farmer Brown 's boy did something .
what do you think it was ?
no , he didn't shoot her .
he didn't fire his dreadful gun .
it is just as I have always said Farmer Brown 's boy isn't bad .
oh , my ! oh , my !
what news this will be to tell !
old Granny Fox will never hear the end of it .
Ho ! ho ! ho !
you see , nothing could make her believe that he wanted to be her friend .
instead of thankfulness , hate and fear filled Granny 's heart .
CHAPTER IX : Reddy Fox Hears About Granny Fox
Sammy wouldn't have believed it if any one had told him .
no , Sir , he wouldn't .
presently Sammy spied Reddy Fox trotting along the Lone Little Path .
when he saw Reddy trotting along the Lone Little Path , Sammy chuckled harder than ever .
Reddy looked up angrily .
he couldn't see Sammy Jay , but he knew Sammy 's voice .
everybody knows the voice of Sammy Jay .
who says so ?
Reddy forgot his anger in a sudden great fear .
could Granny have been shot by Farmer Brown 's boy ?
Reddy didn't know what to think or say .
he just couldn't believe it , yet he had never known Tommy Tit to tell an untruth .
Reddy had to believe it .
if Tommy Tit said it was so , it must be so .
but a sudden thought popped into his red head , and he changed his mind .
CHAPTER X : Reddy Fox Is Impudent
he is smart , is Reddy Fox .
he has to be in order to live .
she began teaching him when he was so little that he tumbled over his own feet .
but he never could , and he had begun to think that he never would .
she had allowed Farmer Brown 's boy to catch her napping !
Reddy did wish he had been there to see it himself .
at last the chance came .
Reddy did a thing no truly wise Fox ever will do .
he went two nights in succession to the same henhouse , and the second time he barely escaped being shot .
granny 's eyes snapped .
then things happened .
wisdom often is gained through mistakes , but never when one is not willing to admit the mistakes .
and those who are impudent to their elders come to no good end .
CHAPTER XI : after The Storm
but it couldn't last forever , and they knew it .
knowing this was all that kept some of them alive .
you see , they were starving .
yes , Sir , they were starving .
with the little wild friends , especially the little feathered folks , it is a very different matter .
Little Tommy Tit the Chickadee was so weak that he could hardly fly , and he shook with chills .
Drummer the Woodpecker was there before him .
don't wait for me , for I won't be through for a long time .
Yank Yank was promptly invited to join them and did so after apologizing for seeming so greedy .
it took all my strength to get over here .
my , I feel like a new bird already !
here comes Sammy Jay .
Sammy did nothing of the kind .
CHAPTER XII : granny And Reddy Fox Hunt In Vain
oh , my , no !
but not all were so fortunate as Tommy Tit and his friends in finding a good meal .
it was very coarse food , but it would take away that empty feeling .
she was thankful to have that much .
granny Fox and Reddy were out too .
that means to save your own life first .
their teeth and stomachs are not made for such food .
it was hard going for Granny and Reddy Fox .
I don't believe it will be of much use , but you never can tell until you try .
he had already made little paths along which he could hop easily .
Peter saw them almost as soon as they saw him .
this was more than Reddy could stand .
to see Peter eating while his own stomach was just one great big ache from emptiness was too much .
Peter stopped chewing and sat up .
Reddy 's only reply was a snarl as he pushed his way under the brambles .
now Peter 's paths were very cunningly made .
without a word Granny Fox led the way to the Green Forest .
they would try to find where Mrs Grouse was sleeping under the snow .
who will not admit he is older each day fools no one but himself .
old Granny Fox is a spry old lady for her age .
if you don't believe it just try to catch her .
the truth is , Granny is getting old .
she never would admit it , and Reddy never had realized it until the day after the great storm .
they had neither the strength nor the courage to search any longer then .
you see , it is food that makes strength , and lack of food takes away strength .
I 'm ashamed of you .
just try to forget your empty stomach and rest awhile .
you know the old saying :
you think you couldn't possibly feel any worse than you do right now , but you could .
Many a time I have had to go hungry longer than this .
when he awoke he felt better .
granny arose and followed Reddy out to the doorstep .
she walked stiffly .
the truth is , she ached in every one of her old bones .
it seemed very far away .
she sighed wearily .
Reddy turned and stared at Granny suspiciously .
you know his is a very suspicious nature .
granny smiled .
it was a sad sort of smile .
I am going to stay right here and rest .
perhaps then I 'll feel able to go hunting to-night .
there was something in the way Granny spoke that told Reddy she was speaking the truth .
never before had he noticed how gray she had grown .
he would go out and find food of some kind , and he would bring it straight back to Granny .
CHAPTER XIV : three Vain And Foolish Wishes
there 's nothing so foolishly silly and vain As to wish for a thing you can never attain .
I guess you have done it .
Peter Rabbit has done it often and then laughed at himself afterwards .
I suspect that even shrewd , clever old Granny Fox has been guilty of it more than once .
the Green Meadows were glistening white with snow .
all the world , at least all that part of it with which Reddy was acquainted , was white .
Jack Frost had hardened the snow so that Reddy no longer had to wade through it .
probably the Bob White family were there now , and he might surprise them .
he would go there first .
Reddy stopped and looked carefully to make sure that Farmer Brown 's boy and Bowser the Hound were nowhere in sight .
Reddy stopped and looked up .
Reddy sat down right underneath that suet and looked up longingly .
the sight of it made his mouth water so that it was almost more than he could stand .
he jumped once .
he jumped twice .
he jumped three times .
that suet was beyond his reach .
Reddy 's tongue hung out of his mouth with longing .
so after a little he started on .
Tears of rage and disappointment welled up in Reddy 's eyes .
when he got there he found it , as he expected , frozen over .
but just where the Laughing Brook joins it there was a little place where there was open water .
Billy Mink was on the ice at its edge , and just as Reddy got there Billy dived in .
a minute later he climbed out with a fish in his mouth .
then Billy dived into the water again and disappeared .
Reddy waited a long time , but Billy did not return .
and this wish was quite as foolish as the other wishes .
CHAPTER XV : Reddy Fights A Battle
he wished now that he had gone straight there .
it seemed to him that everything was against him .
his neighbors had food , but he had none , not so much as a crumb .
it was unfair .
if he could climb he could get food .
if he could fly he could get food .
if he could dive he could get food .
it was not until then that Reddy discovered him .
of course , Reddy started after him , and this time he made good use of his speed .
but he was too late .
old Jed Thumper reached his castle with Reddy two jumps behind him .
Reddy gulped down his disappointment .
as he had hoped , he found that it was not frozen now .
it looked so black and cold that it made him shiver just to see it .
suddenly he stopped and sniffed .
then he sniffed again .
then he followed his nose straight to the very edge of the Big River .
in a minute he had that fish and was back on the shore .
Reddy swallowed a mouthful and tried to forget Granny .
but he couldn't .
he swallowed another mouthful .
poor old Granny was back there at home as hungry as he was and too stiff and tired to hunt .
Reddy choked .
then he began a battle with himself .
his stomach demanded that fish .
but Granny needed it even more than he did .
for a long time Reddy fought with himself .
in the end he picked up the fish and started for home .
CHAPTER XVI : Reddy Is Made Truly Happy
Reddy Fox ran all the way home from the Big River just as fast as he could go .
but it was true .
yes , Sir , Reddy Fox was running away from himself .
so he was running his very hardest so as to get there before this could happen .
so really he was running away from himself , from his selfish self .
Reddy turned his head that Granny might not see his face .
it was true ; he had had two bites from that fish .
now you know just how shrewd and smart and wise Granny Fox is .
she took two small bites from the fish .
Reddy tried to refuse it .
you can't fool me , Reddy Fox .
granny said this last very sternly .
Reddy looked at Granny , and then he bolted down that little piece of fish without another word .
by another day you probably wouldn't have had old Granny to think of .
you may not know it , but I know that you saved my life , Reddy .
I had reached a point where I just had to have a little food .
but he gave it no thought .
he had saved Granny Fox , good old Granny who had taught him all he knew .
and he knew that Granny knew how he had had to fight with himself to do it .
and then she changed the subject .
CHAPTER XVII : granny Fox Promises Reddy Bowser 's Dinner
granny chuckled .
he isn't going to give us that dinner ; we are going to take it away from him .
that seemed to him almost as impossible as it was for him to climb or fly or dive .
but he had great faith in Granny 's cleverness .
I 'm hungry enough to dare almost anything for the sake of something to put in my stomach .
it will be a great deal better to take Bowser 's dinner away from him .
most things are simple enough when you find out how to do them .
granny went close to Reddy and whispered to him , although there wasn't a soul within hearing .
a slow grin spread over Reddy 's face as he listened .
of course we can do it .
my , won't Bowser be surprised !
Bowser The Hound dearly loves to hunt just for the pleasure of the chase .
Bowser had missed the exciting hunts he used to enjoy so much with Farmer Brown 's boy .
of course Bowser wasn't kept chained all the time .
oh , my , no !
now Bowser always had one good big meal a day .
if he happened to be chained , it was brought out to him .
granny Fox knew all about this .
granny saw that he was chained and a sly grin crept over her face .
at the sight of you , he 'll forget all about his dinner .
so Reddy sat down to watch , and Granny left him .
she put it down in front of Bowser 's little house and called to him .
then she turned and hurried back , for it was very cold .
Bowser came out of his little house , yawned and stretched lazily .
it was time for Reddy to do his part .
Out he walked and sat down right in front of Bowser and grinned at him .
Bowser stared for a minute as if he doubted his own eyes .
Bowser growled .
then with a yelp he sprang towards Reddy .
it was great fun to tease Bowser this way .
meanwhile old Granny Fox had stolen out from around the corner of the shed behind Bowser .
if she made any noise , Bowser didn't hear it .
he was making too much noise himself and was too excited .
presently Reddy heard the sound of an opening door .
Mrs Brown was coming to see what all the fuss was about .
Bowser continued to whine and tug at his chain for a few minutes .
but there wasn't any dinner !
Bowser couldn't understand it at all .
CHAPTER XIX : old Man Coyote Does A Little Thinking
how would you like to live that way ?
the very next day Granny and Reddy went up to Farmer Brown 's at Bowser 's dinner hour .
but this time Farmer Brown 's boy was at work near the barn , and Bowser was not chained .
granny and Reddy stole away as silently as they had come .
while he wasn't actually starving , he was always hungry .
so he spent all the time when he wasn't sleeping in hunting for something to eat .
that set him to thinking .
in fact , he prided himself on being smarter than either of them .
there must be a reason .
they must be getting food of which he knew nothing .
somehow he could think better when he was scratching his ears .
CHAPTER XX : a Twice Stolen Dinner
listen and you shall hear all about three rogues .
two were in red and were Granny and Reddy Fox .
they didn't see him .
of course not .
but anyway , they were not thinking of him .
old Man Coyote crept after them .
he saw Granny leave Reddy there and hurry away .
old Man Coyote 's wits worked fast .
granny , of course .
it was Mrs Brown carrying Bowser 's dinner out to him .
he knew by the sounds that some one had come out of the house , and it made him nervous .
he didn't like being so close to Farmer Brown 's house in broad daylight .
swiftly Granny Fox disappeared around the corner of the shed .
and there was Granny Fox , backing and dragging after her Bowser 's dinner .
then he hastily backed behind the shed and waited .
in a minute Granny Fox appeared , dragging Bowser 's dinner .
a minute later Reddy came racing around from behind the barn eager for his share .
CHAPTER XXI : granny And Reddy Talk Things Over .
then seeming loss is gain , you see .
old Man Coyote stopped eating long enough to grin .
it was quite worthy of a Coyote .
you are a very clever old lady , Granny Fox .
she was puzzled .
she had been puzzled about that pan two or three times before .
we simply have got to be smart enough not to let him fool us again .
I guess we won't get any more of Bowser 's dinners for a while .
we 've got to think of some other way of filling our stomachs when the hunting is poor .
Reddy pricked up his ears at the mention of fat hens .
CHAPTER XXII : granny Fox Plans To Get A Fat Hen
granny Fox knows this .
no one knows it better .
whatever she does is first carefully planned in her wise old head .
Reddy squirmed uneasily , for he had been in trouble many times through carelessness .
I suppose he thinks that if the henhouse door is locked , the gate doesn't matter .
sometime he may forget to close that hole .
granny grinned .
Reddy nodded .
Many times from a safe hiding-place he had hungrily watched Farmer Brown 's boy shut the biddies up .
it was always just before the Black Shadows began to creep out from their hiding-places .
now we may as well take a nap until it is time for Mr Sun to go to bed .
Just you leave it to your old Granny to take care of the first of those ifs .
with this Granny curled up for a nap , and having nothing better to do , Reddy followed her example .
CHAPTER XXIII : Farmer Brown 's Boy Forgets To Close The Gate
Farmer Brown 's Boy is not usually the forgetful kind .
he is pretty good about not forgetting .
but Farmer Brown 's boy isn't perfect by any means .
he would be a funny kind of boy otherwise .
the care of the hens is one of Farmer Brown 's boy 's duties .
he likes the biddies , and he likes to take care of them .
but at night he sometimes left that gate open , as Granny Fox had found out .
you see , he was in a hurry to find out what Bowser was making such a fuss about .
Bowser still tugged at his chain and whined , but after a little he quieted down .
half an hour later old Granny Fox joined Reddy Fox , who was waiting on the doorstep of their home .
CHAPTER XXIV : a Midnight Visit
Reddy tried not to hope too much .
but Granny was in no hurry .
but at last they did .
this was sound advice , and Reddy knew it .
at last Granny arose , stretched , and looked up at the twinkling stars .
silently they stole over to the henyard .
the gate was open , just as Granny had told Reddy it would be .
it was closed .
Reddy had expected it would be .
still , he was dreadfully disappointed .
but Granny paid no attention to him .
she went close to the hole and pushed gently against the little door that closed it .
it didn't move .
then she noticed that at one edge there was a tiny crack .
then she tried a paw .
a claw caught on the edge of the door , and it moved ever so little .
then Granny knew that the little door wasn't fastened .
no , most certainly that door wasn't fastened , and that crack was a little wider .
granny said nothing but kept on working .
she had discovered that this was a sliding door .
presently the crack was wide enough for her to get her nose in .
Reddy just gaped and gaped foolishly .
it seemed to Reddy that his stomach fairly flopped over with longing .
he rubbed his eyes to be sure that he was awake .
CHAPTER XXV : a Dinner For Two
it all depends on how you look at things .
that is , they had no business to be there , as Farmer Brown would look at the matter .
he would have called them two red thieves .
perhaps that is just what they were .
but looking at the matter as they did , I am not so sure about it .
it would have made no difference if it had .
they stared up at the roosts where the biddies were huddled together , fast asleep .
Reddy looked a little shamefaced .
then Granny jumped lightly to a little shelf that ran along in front of the nesting boxes .
from this she could reach the lower roost on which four fat hens were asleep .
very gently she pushed her head in between two of these and crowded them apart .
sleepily they protested and moved along a little .
granny continued to crowd them .
at last one of them stretched out her head to see who was crowding so .
perhaps these two won't be missed , and we 'll have a chance to get some more another night .
CHAPTER XXVI : Farmer Brown 's Boy Sets A Trap
carefully Farmer Brown 's boy examined the hole with the sliding door .
I thought as much .
that would never do at all .
if I shut them up every night and am not careless , he can't get them .
I don't like to set a trap for Reddy , but I must teach the rascal a lesson .
and doubtless Reddy would have done just that thing but for the wisdom of sly old Granny .
CHAPTER XXVII : Prickly Porky Takes A Sun Bath
the long hard winter had passed , and Spring had come .
Prickly Porky the Porcupine came down from a tall poplar-tree and slowly stretched himself .
he was tired of eating .
he was tired of swinging in the tree-top .
he looked about him with his dull eyes and grunted to himself .
now the old house had been deserted .
but Reddy Fox didn't know anything about this .
he was so tired that he slept and slept and slept .
it was the middle of the morning when finally he awoke .
he yawned and stretched , and when he stretched he groaned because he was so stiff and sore .
then he hobbled up toward the doorway to see if old Granny Fox had left any breakfast outside for him .
Reddy was puzzled .
something was sticking into it .
it was one of the sharp little spears that Prickly Porky hides in his coat .
Reddy Fox knew then why the old house was so dark .
Prickly Porky was blocking up the doorway .
CHAPTER XXVIII : Prickly Porky Enjoys Himself
Prickly Porky the Porcupine was enjoying himself .
there was no doubt about that .
suddenly Prickly Porky pricked up his funny little short ears .
Prickly Porky chuckled again .
Bowser the Hound did have a surprise .
he was hunting Reddy Fox , and he almost ran into Prickly Porky before he saw him .
ever since then he had had the greatest respect for Prickly Porky .
then he turned around , put his tail between his legs and actually ran away .
So said Prickly Porky , and laughed aloud .
Just then he heard a light footstep and turned to see who was coming .
it was old Granny Fox .
don't mind me , Granny Fox .
instead of stepping over him , Granny Fox backed away .
a voice inside of Reddy began to whisper to him .
Reddy could hear Prickly Porky chuckle .
then Prickly Porky repeated as if to himself in a queer cracked voice the following :
Reddy pretended that he hadn't heard .
Prickly Porky continued to chuckle for a while and finally Reddy fell asleep .
Reddy Fox thought so .
and Reddy didn't like the change , not a bit .
there were little open places where wild-eyed young cattle fed on the short grass .
there was no long , soft green grass to lie down in .
and it was lonesome up there .
he missed the little people of the Green Meadows and the Green Forest .
there was no one to bully and tease .
it was right down under the rocks .
all the rest of the time it was dark and gloomy there .
Reddy hung his head .
you see , Lightfoot the Deer is getting jealous .
THE LEGEND OF SLEEPY HOLLOW
FOUND AMONG THE PAPERS OF THE LATE DIEDRICH KNICKERBOCKER .
CASTLE OF INDOLENCE .
a drowsy , dreamy influence seems to hang over the land , and to pervade the very atmosphere .
the cognomen of Crane was not inapplicable to his person .
Ichabod Crane 's scholars certainly were not spoiled .
indeed , it behooved him to keep on good terms with his pupils .
our man of letters , therefore , was peculiarly happy in the smiles of all the country damsels .
he was , in fact , an odd mixture of small shrewdness and simple credulity .
no tale was too gross or monstrous for his capacious swallow .
when he entered the house , the conquest of his heart was complete .
here rows of resplendent pewter , ranged on a long dresser , dazzled his eyes .
he was famed for great knowledge and skill in horsemanship , being as dexterous on horseback as a Tartar .
Ichabod became the object of whimsical persecution to Bones and his gang of rough riders .
all was now bustle and hubbub in the late quiet schoolroom .
the animal he bestrode was a broken-down plow-horse , that had outlived almost everything but its viciousness .
Ichabod was a suitable figure for such a steed .
the small birds were taking their farewell banquets .
the sun gradually wheeled his broad disk down in the west .
his instrument was as old and battered as himself .
Ichabod prided himself upon his dancing as much as upon his vocal powers .
how could the flogger of urchins be otherwise than animated and joyous ?
but all these were nothing to the tales of ghosts and apparitions that succeeded .
the neighborhood is rich in legendary treasures of the kind .
this is perhaps the reason why we so seldom hear of ghosts except in our long-established Dutch communities .
the sequestered situation of this church seems always to have made it a favorite haunt of troubled spirits .
the revel now gradually broke up .
oh , these women ! these women !
could that girl have been playing off any of her coquettish tricks ?
the hour was as dismal as himself .
he had never felt so lonely and dismal .
he passed the tree in safety , but new perils lay before him .
a few rough logs , laid side by side , served for a bridge over this stream .
to pass this bridge was the severest trial .
Just at this moment a plashy tramp by the side of the bridge caught the sensitive ear of Ichabod .
the hair of the affrighted pedagogue rose upon his head with terror .
what was to be done ?
he received no reply .
he repeated his demand in a still more agitated voice .
still there was no answer .
the stranger , however , quickened his horse to an equal pace .
there was something in the moody and dogged silence of this pertinacious companion that was mysterious and appalling .
it was soon fearfully accounted for .
away , then , they dashed through thick and thin ; stones flying and sparks flashing at every bound .
an opening in the trees now cheered him with the hopes that the church bridge was at hand .
he recollected the place where Brom Bones 's ghostly competitor had disappeared .
Ichabod did not make his appearance at breakfast ; dinner-hour came , but no Ichabod .
Hans Van Ripper now began to feel some uneasiness about the fate of poor Ichabod , and his saddle .
an inquiry was set on foot , and after diligent investigation they came upon his traces .
the brook was searched , but the body of the schoolmaster was not to be discovered .
the mysterious event caused much speculation at the church on the following Sunday .
FOUND IN THE HANDWRITING OF MR . KNICKERBOCKER .
End of Project Gutenberg 's The Legend of Sleepy Hollow , by Washington Irving
Transcriber 's note :
Hyphenation and spelling standardized .
otherwise , archaic and variable spelling was preserved .
missing quotation marks were added to standardize usage .
otherwise , the editor 's punctuation style was preserved .
Table of Contents ' page numbers were updated .
special notation :
AUNT JO'S SCRAP-BAG
SHAWL-STRAPS = .
six volumes neatly bound in cloth .
ROBERTS BROTHERS , PUBLISHERS , BOSTON .
Dolly opened the door , and started back with a cry of astonishment at the lovely spectacle before her .
AUNT JO'S SCRAP-BAG .
AN OLD-FASHIONED THANKSGIVING , Etc .
BOSTON : ROBERTS BROTHERS .
Copyright , @number@ , BY LOUISA M ALCOTT .
UNIVERSITY PRESS : JOHN WILSON AND SON , CAMBRIDGE .
I AN OLD-FASHIONED THANKSGIVING @date@ .
HOW IT ALL HAPPENED @number@ III .
THE DOLLS ' JOURNEY FROM MINNESOTA TO MAINE @number@ IV .
POPPY'S PRANKS @number@ VII .
WHAT THE SWALLOWS DID @number@ VIII .
LITTLE GULLIVER @number@ IX .
THE WHALE'S STORY @number@ X . a STRANGE ISLAND @number@ XI .
FANCY'S FRIEND @number@
AN OLD-FASHIONED THANKSGIVING .
but all were doomed to disappointment , for it was not Gad , with the much-desired fruit .
I always like to hear about the Lady Matildy I was named for , and Lord Bassett , Pa 's
he was only a bit of a boy , and couldn't do anything .
wouldn't Ma wish the children kept safe and warm anyhow ?
can I get up a nice dinner with four rascals under my feet all the time ?
meantime Tilly attacked the plum-pudding .
I guess we 'll put both in , and then we are sure to be right .
I loved that little pig , and cried when he was killed .
Eph , get the gun !
I 'll shoot him as soon as he comes .
it was speedily whisked out of sight , and all fell upon the pies , which were perfect .
HOW IT ALL HAPPENED .
but the moon , pausing to peep , saw something pretty and heard something pleasant .
Mrs Smith said fine bonnets didn't make real ladies .
it makes me tired to think of it .
I can give the children some of the things they want anyhow , and I will .
he soon saw , and watched her with pleasure , thinking that she never looked prettier than now .
the house was very quiet when Mrs Smith , the landlady , came up to turn off the gas .
I meant to give those children each a cake to-morrow , they are such good little things .
Dolly opened the door , and started back with a cry of astonishment at the lovely spectacle before her .
THE DOLLS ' JOURNEY FROM MINNESOTA TO MAINE .
Mr Plum lived in St Paul , Minnesota , U.S.A.
couldn't we play travel in the house ?
after a great deal of talking and laughing , the dolls were prepared for the long journey .
we , however , can follow them and learn much that their anxious mothers never knew .
a long box lay beside the dolls who stood nearly erect leaning against a pile of papers .
he can't be very dreadful , for the box is not any longer than we are .
I shall dream about that black nose and winking eye , I 'm sure .
pop up your head and see the wide prairie flying past .
I do hope that poor baby got away and swam home to his mother .
I see cows eating toward us and they may give us a lift .
I 've heard of their tossing people up , though I don't know just how it 's done .
she was right .
the wrapper was laid aside till a neighbor who read English came in to translate it .
so again the dolls were put in their brown paper cover and sent away with farewell kisses .
what can a bachelor do with the poor things ?
wonder who Maria Plum is ?
when Saturday night came they were laid in their usual place on Midge 's arm .
in the evening they were folded up in a fresh paper and re-directed carefully .
that girl says she is in college , and named over more studies than I can count .
it was read with intense interest , and was as true as most stories are nowadays .
but something much more delightful did happen ; for at Thanksgiving time there was a wedding at the Plums ' .
it was very early , and the house was still .
aunt Wee listened , smiled , and shook her head .
can't we begin now ?
and Aunt Wee smiled to herself as if something pleased her very much .
now get your hat , and we will see what we can find down by the brook .
Good-by , ma'am .
wee listened a moment , while the birds twittered and chirped with all their hearts .
while she waited she looked about , and kept finding something curious or pleasant to interest and amuse her .
tell me something about them , Aunt Wee .
it froze a little , so one could walk over it , and I went out for a run .
I went far away over the fields , and sat down to rest .
while I sat there , a little bird came by , and stopped to rest also .
aunt Wee says we must try seven days at least .
hunting for insects gives them an excellent chance to see fairies , if there are any .
doves cooed on the sunny roof , and smoothed their gleaming feathers .
when the sun rose next morning , he saw Daisy and Wee floating down the river in their boat .
they feed on water-insects , and for a long time swim about in this state .
I wish they would let me put them with the kits , and have a nursery full of babies .
Dolly was churning , and Polly was making up butter in nice little pats .
both were very kind , and let Daisy peep everywhere .
the window was open , and hop-vines shook their green bells before it .
eat cowslips fine , Red columbine Come , butter , come !
grasses green and tall , Clover , best of all , Come , butter , come !
make the churn go , See the lumps grow !
Dolly promised , and gave her a small shell and a low shelf all to herself .
and Wee pointed to the waterfall that went dashing and foaming down into the valley .
he runs along those wires , and carries messages from one end of the world to the other .
where are they ?
there are many ways of losing them , and they are hard to catch when once lost .
I wanted you to keep both , and tried to show you how .
she set it on the table , touched a spring , and the airy music sounded more beautiful than ever .
Polly 's new mistress went to the dining-room , and fell to washing up the breakfast cups .
Polly hated that work , and sulkily began to rattle the spoons and knock the things about .
we never shall get done .
what a fuss she makes with the napkins , laying them all even in the drawer .
I wish she 'd live here , and do my work for me .
Baby stopped crying , and mamma said , smiling :
I 'm tired of your screaming , and it 's high time you went to sleep .
Polly laughed , and did the same , feeling sorry she had been so pettish .
presently both babies grew quiet , went to sleep , and were laid in the cradle .
I dare say you think you can sew faster than I can .
Little Will 's shadow went up to the nursery , and stopped before a basin of water .
Jane was so rough .
every one was merry and hungry and good-natured .
the shadow nodded and beckoned , and patted its head , as if it was all right .
and Ned went crashing into the thickest part of the wood .
Polly sat behind the ferns , and the child did not see her till Polly called out .
the sudden sound startled her ; and she dropped her pail , spilling the berries all over the path .
and she cried so hard that great tears fell on the moss .
it 's ever so good .
meanwhile Ned had poked about in the bushes , looking for a good pole .
but the shadow would not stir , and Ned was obliged to mind .
a bush of purple berries grew by the path , and Will stopped to pick some .
Ned came back , and they went on , having grand times in the wood .
they turned towards home after this flurry , feeling quite like heroes .
this made Ned laugh , and they all turned back to the corner .
as they sat resting on the big sofa , they heard a soft , sweet voice singing .
one small shadow 's tumbled down : I can see it on the carpet , Softly rubbing its hurt crown .
the others agreed with him , and resolved that their shadows should not be ashamed of them .
they both laughed , and this hurt Poppy 's feelings dreadfully .
poppy sat up , and wondered if anybody 's supper was ready .
two or three years after this , Poppy went to live in the country , and tried some new pranks .
while the man worked , she saw him take out a piece of something brown , and bite off a bit .
he gave her a piece ; and Poppy ate it , though it didn't taste good at all .
and Poppy took another piece , just to show how brave she was .
silly little Poppy !
poppy was dreadfully sick all night , but next day was ready for more adventures and experiments .
she swung on the garret stairs , and tumbled down , nearly breaking her neck .
these are only a few of her pranks , but one was nearly her last .
I jumped on a pitchfork , and it 's in my foot !
poor little foot !
give baby my dolly and the quacking duck .
Mamma never whipped , and Poppy was in a great rage at such an indignity .
the minute she was left alone , she looked about to see how she could be revenged .
but Burney was gone , and no one came near her .
poppy was very fond of that story , and often played it with Nelly and the dolls .
having relieved her feelings in this way , Poppy rested , and then set about amusing herself .
if she had been a young whale , it couldn't have been worse .
but Poppy was already settled , demurely playing with her doll , and looking quite innocent .
now this dolly had been through a great deal .
this made the people laugh again , and grandpa wondered what the joke was .
the street was empty ; yet there stood the people , staring out and laughing .
he went in and sat down to watch , feeling rather disturbed .
one of the young men came and told him , and asked him to come in and see the fun .
her next performance was to fall into the pond on the Common .
WHAT THE SWALLOWS DID .
did he build his own house , I should like to know ?
does he get his daily bread for himself ?
how many of his neighbors does he help ?
a trifle of that man 's money would do it , and he ought to give it .
and Mrs Wing bridled up , as if she resented the phrase immensely .
every one blamed her .
on hearing this a general wail arose , and Mrs Wing fainted entirely away .
Madam Sooty-back was quite satisfied with the effect she had produced , and departed , saying loftily :
one can't expect good manners from persons brought up in mud houses , and entirely shut out from good society .
let us wait , and see what happens .
as no one could suggest any thing better , Mrs Dart 's advice was taken , and they waited .
an excellent arrangement , I think .
bless me , ma'am ! what 's the matter ?
a good spirit seemed to haunt the town , leaving help and happiness wherever it passed .
some unseen hand scattered crumbs over the barn floor , and left food at many doors .
every one was his friend , but his favorites were the swallows .
they lingered longer than usual this year , feeling sorry to leave their friend .
the day they started , the whole flock flew to the great house , to say good-by .
are all the feather cloaks completed ?
are the little caps all right ?
but the dearest friend of all was a sea-gull .
that was his world ; and he led a quiet life among his playfellows , the winds and waves .
he watched the sea-anemones open below the water , looking like fairy-plants , brilliant and strange .
he found curious and pretty shells , and sometimes more valuable treasures , washed up from some wreck .
he saw little yellow crabs , ugly lobsters , and queer horse-shoes with their stiff tails .
but no boat was there , and the fog was thicker than ever .
Dan never had been gone so long before , and Davy was afraid something had happened to him .
for a few minutes he was in great trouble ; then he cheered up , and took courage .
Davy had his supper , but no Dan came .
then I 'll come and tell you , and we will see what is to be done next .
for three long days and nights he was a prisoner , and suffered much .
the house was full of happy people , but no one took pity upon him .
why do you care so much for me ?
it is very unkind to treat you so .
Dey sold me way from my mammy when I was a baby , and I'se knocked roun eber since .
I'se paid by dem words , and I don't want no tanks .
Gulliver flew up to the highest rock , and looked out across the dark sea .
you jes lay still till I comes .
Dora was already tired of him ; so he was soon forgotten by all but Moppet .
nobody ever knew the best part of the story but Moppet , Davy , and Gulliver .
the sun was setting ; and they floated through waves as rosy as the rosy sky .
THE WHALE'S STORY .
Freddy sat thinking on the seat under the trees .
I don't think any one but you would understand me , any way .
I dare say you know a good deal about us .
we certainly are the biggest creatures in the sea and out of it .
all our branches are famous in one way or another .
yes , you may stare ; but it 's true , my dear .
the tongue , which makes about five barrels of oil , lies below , like a cushion of white satin .
the killer , the sword-fish , and the thrasher trouble us at home .
but I was going to tell you my troubles .
my father was harpooned when I was very young , and I remember how bravely he died .
we fight when we can't help it ; and my father died like a hero .
then they got out another line , and he towed the ship itself for more than an hour .
his mamma , instead of flying , wrapped her fins round him , and dived as far as the line allowed .
it 's full of little holes , you know .
I heard two learned men talking about diatoms , as they sailed to Labrador ; and I listened .
I wasn't content with being the biggest creature there : I wanted to be the most skilful also .
the gulls kept telling them the joke ; but they didn't understand , and I got on capitally .
I forgot every thing but the pain , and dived for my life .
Big and strong as we are , once out of water , and we are perfectly helpless .
I was soon despatched ; and my bones left to whiten on the sand .
a STRANGE ISLAND .
I rubbed my eyes , and looked again .
I asked .
and he puffed himself angrily up , till his eyes quite goggled in his head .
I asked , staring at his white vest , green coat , and fine cravat .
I cried .
I had heard of this interesting family , and took a look as I passed by .
I scrambled over the wall to get out of the way , and there I saw more curious sights .
I thought .
I asked in great surprise .
I know just such an old lady , and when I go home I 'll try your plan .
hurrah ! the old sweeper has lit .
now the cobwebs will fly .
every one looked up ; and I saw a large white bird slowly flying over the island .
all the children but one immediately fell to digging holes , and making ponds , castles , or forts .
my poor mermaid !
mounting her rock , Fancy waited to see her work destroyed .
but she did not raise her head , nor care to know who called .
the steps came quite close ; and the touch of a cold , wet hand fell on her own .
there was the long brown hair blowing about her face , with a wreath of starry shells in it .
but you must not expect other people to like and believe in me as you do .
your Aunt Fiction will like me ; but your Uncle Fact won't .
I hear Miss Fairbairn calling ; so I must go .
hand in hand the two went toward the other children , who stopped digging , and stared at the new child .
and Miss Fairbairn shook her head gravely .
he didn't like romance , loved the truth , and wanted to get to the bottom of every thing .
you are apt to exaggerate ; and Fancy is not to be relied on .
if the child isn't a fool , she must know more about herself than she pretends .
I see ! some hand-organ man 's girl .
she would eat nothing but fruit and shell-fish , and drink nothing but salt water .
fancy and her friend were playing there , and the old gentleman waited to see what they were about .
THE ROCK AND THE BUBBLE .
but the great rock stood Straight up in the sea : it looked gravely down , And said pleasantly ,
why stare you so ?
stop laughing , rude waves , And help me to go !
she thinks she is a mermaid , and has made Fancy believe it .
I 've told my wife a dozen times that she let Fancy read too many fairy tales and wonder-books .
I don't like this girl , and I want you to give her up for my sake .
but there he was mistaken ; for this mystery never was cleared up .
but Lorelei never came again .
ROBERTS BROTHERS , PUBLISHERS , Boston .
LOUISE CHANDLER MOULTON'S STORIES .
MORE BED-TIME STORIES .
NEW BED-TIME STORIES .
WITH ILLUSTRATIONS BY ADDIE LEDYARD .
ROBERTS BROTHERS , Publishers , BOSTON .
AUNT JO'S SCRAP-BAG .
CUPID AND CHOW-CHOW , ETC .
Jean Ingelow 's Prose Story Books .
STUDIES FOR STORIES FROM GIRLS ' LIVES .
STORIES TOLD TO A CHILD .
STORIES TOLD TO A CHILD .
a SISTER'S BYE-HOURS .
and there is heart in these stories , and healthy moral lessons , too .
MOPSA THE FAIRY .
ROBERTS BROTHERS , BOSTON .
Messrs Roberts Brothers ' Publications .
CASTLE BLAIR :
a STORY OF YOUTHFUL DAYS .
BY FLORA L SHAW .
Messrs Roberts Brothers ' Publications .
NELLY'S SILVER MINE .
price $ 1.50 .
they form a series of living pictures , radiant with sunlight and fresh as morning dew .
ROBERTS BROTHERS , BOSTON .
End of Project Gutenberg 's Aunt Jo 's Scrap-Bag VI , by Louisa M Alcott
THE GREEN FAIRY BOOK
to Stella Margaret Alleyne the Green Fairy Book is dedicated
however much these nations differ about trifles , they all agree in liking fairy tales .
in this way these tales are older than reading and writing , far older than printing .
this is the moral of them .
he has been turned into stone , and you may see his remains in museums .
if we have a book for you next year , it shall not be a fairy book .
what it is to be is a secret , but we hope that it will not be dull .
indeed , he hardly seemed to hear what they said .
now the King had one daughter , who was just fifteen years old .
the new Queen , who also had a daughter , very soon sent for her to come to the Palace .
King Charming then asked it there was not another Princess , called Fiordelisa .
all these things vexed the King very much , and he was silent .
I cannot believe that with that lovely face she can be as ill-tempered and contemptible as they say .
as to the poor Princess Fiordelisa , she cried all night without stopping .
but she would not take any notice , and talked of nothing but the entertainments she was planning .
the King was terribly angry at being thwarted like this .
he loves Fiordelisa so much that he will not be easily pacified .
she must be plotting to prevent our marriage .
what do you take me for ?
where is my chariot ?
but soon the sound of a soft voice lamenting attracted his attention , and listening intently he heard it say
but he found the window shut , and could see no one .
but the Blue Bird did not long stay in his hiding-place .
and he answered
the following night he gave Fiordelisa a watch set in a single pearl .
the Princess laughed a little when she saw it , and said
this displeased the Queen terribly .
so she and Turritella went up into the tower .
she was wide awake in a moment , though she was sly enough to keep her eyes shut at first .
but no bird came .
and he turned over on his side and began to die .
so the Fairy Mazilla received him graciously .
indeed , already he had met with several alarming accidents .
she feared all the time that every step she took was leading her farther from her lover .
my sister Mazilla has given his own form back to him , and he is in his own kingdom .
do not be afraid , you will reach him , and will prosper .
after a night and a day the doves alighted outside the gate of King Charming 's kingdom .
but they only laughed at her , crying :
this was indeed terrible news to Fiordelisa .
had she come all this weary way only to find Turritella had succeeded in making King Charming forget her ?
when Turritella had seated herself upon the throne , the Queen approached her .
Fiordelisa wanted to reproach him for his faithlessness , and could not imagine a better way than this .
the Queen answered that she often dreamed and talked aloud .
the Queen passed the day in great disquietude .
but if he did not hear me , what can I do to get another chance ?
and then she turned to her ladies and whispered
one of the pages said :
the King was very much puzzled when he heard this .
so he dressed hastily , and ran down a little secret staircase which led to the Chamber of Echoes .
this one looked just as if he had been cut in two .
he can never grow up a tall handsome cock like his brothers .
and she called him Medio Pollito , which is Spanish for half-chick .
one day he had been out for a longer expedition than usual in the fields .
a little later he came to a fire that had been left by some gipsies in a wood .
it was burning very low , and would soon be out .
it is burnt to a cinder .
THE STORY OF CALIPH STORK
in short , anyone could see that the Caliph was in an excellent humour .
the Grand Vizier crossed his arms on his breast and bent low before his master as he answered :
the learned Selim was summoned immediately .
look well at this scroll and see whether you can read it .
then he gazed long at the scroll .
I am longing for the moment when I can become some animal .
the Caliph consented , and they went straight to the pond .
at the same time they saw another stork far above in the sky flying towards the same spot .
as the Caliph spoke he saw the second stork circling round his head and gradually flying towards the earth .
meantime the second stork had reached the ground .
the two newly made storks lost no time in drawing near , and to their amazement overheard the following conversation :
I am getting myself a morsel of breakfast .
I am here for a very different purpose .
the Caliph was the first to collect himself .
suddenly , however , the Vizier remembered how strictly they had been warned not to laugh during their transformation .
in their misery they could not think what to do next .
they did not much care to eat frogs or lizards .
still I will not despair !
they rose from the palace roof , and spread their wings toward Medina .
the building in which they proposed to pass the night had apparently been formerly a castle .
my father is the King of the Indies .
he came one day to my father and demanded my hand for his son Mirza .
my father who is rather hasty ordered him to be thrown downstairs .
the Caliph fell into deep thought on hearing this story of the Princess .
the Caliph was much surprised , and asked her what she meant .
I have often watched them .
the owl was delighted .
she then proceeded to lead the two storks to the chamber .
when they reached it the owl advised them to keep very quiet .
it was adorned with splendid carved pillars ; a number of coloured lamps replaced the light of day .
as soon as the storks heard this they were nearly beside themselves with joy .
then he turned towards the east .
in the rapture of their newly-given lives master and servant fell laughing and weeping into each other 's arms .
the three set out at once for Bagdad .
here the Caliph 's arrival created the greatest sensation .
their rage with the usurper Mirza , however , was great in proportion .
they marched in force to the palace and took the old magician and his son prisoners .
when he chose the latter , the Grand Vizier handed him the box .
one good pinch , and the magic word transformed him to a stork .
the Caliph ordered him to be confined in an iron cage , and placed in the palace gardens .
the youth paid no heed to his father 's observations as long as he obtained permission to go .
he implored its life , and the cat followed him .
imagine his joy !
in an instant they were all before him .
after supper he went to bed and slept till morning , as every honest man ought to do .
Jenik went to his old place near the stove , and dirtied himself in the ashes without anybody minding .
so he rubbed the watch , and there it all was .
the father was much astonished , and longed to know where his son had got all this wealth .
Jenik did not reply , but begged him to invite all their relations and friends to a grand banquet .
after the first course Jenik prayed his father to invite the King , and his daughter the Princess .
the father did not dare to sit in this gorgeous coach , but went to the palace on foot .
who ever felt so astonished as the King ?
never had he travelled over such a gorgeous road .
the King , the Queen , and the Princess were speechless with surprise .
at dessert the King asked Jenik 's father to give him the young man for a son-in-law .
she inquired how he managed to build palaces and to get so many precious things .
he told her all about the watch , and she never rested till she had stolen the precious talisman .
the Princess entered the house , rubbed her watch , and in an instant the bridge was gone .
left alone , Jenik felt very miserable .
nothing remained to him but the cat and dog whose lives he had once saved .
he took them with him and went far away , for he could no longer live with his family .
he reached at last a great desert , and saw some crows flying towards a mountain .
so he proceeded directly to the shore with his dog and his cat .
then he took the watch between his teeth , and waited quietly till the Princess came back .
the cat did not answer he was afraid that he might let the talisman fall .
when they touched the shore the dog repeated his question .
and the watch fell into the sea .
suddenly a fish appeared near the edge of the sea .
the cat seized it , and thought it would make them a good supper .
the fish executed his commission , and they brought the treasure back to their master .
oddly enough , every baby had upon its throat a tiny pink rose .
nothing in the world could tear him from his twelve enchantresses .
after the first transports of joy were over the Queen said to Paridamie :
but Paridamie only said :
Prince Mirliflor was constant for the rest of his life .
and indeed who would not have been in his place ?
you both remember the fountain I call my favourite ?
Sylvain and Jocosa gave their faithful promise , and as they kept it they always enjoyed peace and prosperity .
and the Fairy granted her request .
PRINCE NARCISSUS AND THE PRINCESS POTENTILLA
her name was Frivola , and her one occupation in life was the pursuit of amusement .
this was surrounded by a high wall , and in it the charming Potentilla was imprisoned .
his parents were a King and Queen , whose story you will perhaps read some day .
Prince Narcissus enjoyed all that went on , and found the time pass very pleasantly .
poor Potentilla only shuddered and cried :
whereupon he waved his wand , and the Princess found herself surrounded and half buried in the fragrant flowers .
assuming the Prince 's voice , she whispered in Potentilla 's ear :
therefore he said he would himself write an opera that should be absolutely a novelty and something worth hearing .
and then the little fleet sailed on , until it was lost to view in the windings of the river .
what a to-do to make over a single pearl !
the Enchanter ate like six ogres , but the Princess could not touch a morsel .
so after much consideration he devised a plan for finding out the truth .
meantime the Enchanter was stumping about in the hall , crying :
when the Enchanter heard this he insisted that she must come .
I am an extremely well-connected Enchanter ; my power is immense .
however , they took care that the King and Queen were always supplied with everything they could wish for .
as for the Enchanter , I don't believe he has been let out yet .
PRINCE FEATHERHEAD AND THE PRINCESS CELANDINE
and that 's how it will be all my life long , whenever I meet anybody .
I don't think so very badly of her after all .
I 'll just cure her vanity by making her love someone better than herself .
Celandine gracefully accepted their hospitality , and soon told them what had happened to her .
often she would say to the Princess , when showing her some wonderful thing :
but the person she really relied upon for curing Celandine of her vanity was Prince Featherhead .
this message made a great impression upon the Prince , but not so much as the portrait .
Judge of her astonishment when she saw that he was holding in his hand a portrait of herself !
why did he cherish her portrait while he was so fatally indifferent to herself ?
should I be so sad if I could but find her ?
but what is it that you do want ?
oh dear no !
this must have cost you a pretty penny !
it will make me four dresses at least .
for instance , look at my house !
but Celandine did not find it possible to be interested in this and similar pieces of advice .
and the old woman soon sent her to bed , for fear the night air might give her an appetite .
she passed a sleepless night ; but in the morning the old dame remarked :
when the old woman saw it her joy knew no bounds .
when they reached the house the old woman received them very crossly .
very soon the Fairy Saradine also arrived , bringing the King and Queen with her .
she also restored to her the Summer Islands , and promised her protection in all things .
THE THREE LITTLE PIGS
but no words of advice or warning could cure Browny of his bad habits .
Whitey was quite a clever little pig , but she was greedy .
Blacky was a good , nice little pig , neither dirty nor greedy .
now the time came when the mother pig felt old and feeble and near her end .
one day she called the three little pigs round her and said :
you have heard me talk of our old enemy the fox .
you are the wicked fox , against whom our mother warned us .
I know your cunning ways .
for a moment his heart stood still with fear , and then a happy thought came to him .
in a moment he had snatched the lid off the kettle and had jumped in himself .
but when they saw Blacky appear at the entrance to the den their joy knew no bounds .
I don't allow myself to be put out by trifles like that with people I really am fond of .
however , Genesta told them not to disquiet themselves .
I do not even intend to let him know that he is your son .
fine marching orders , those , for a man starting from a country near where Japan is nowadays !
here he lived by fishing and hunting , always hoping that the good Fairy would presently rescue him .
as for the writing , it had remained the same as the Prince 's own .
when they were quite close to it the little monkey said :
he heard also the story of King Farda-Kinbras , Sabella 's father .
Sabella grew prettier day by day .
and it was just the same with all the other things that she did .
turning to the King , Prince Mannikin said with great dignity :
when Prince Mannikin quitted the King 's presence he was conducted to the audience hall of the Princess Sabella .
the pages resembled the ugliest sweeps .
he then returned to the Court , where consternation reigned .
at last the travellers reached the capital , and were received with regal magnificence .
but the Prince , throwing himself on his knees beside her , held out the splendid diamond , saying :
turning to Prince Mannikin , she said :
they lived happily ever afterwards , and their vast kingdoms were presently divided between their children .
comte de Caylus .
their mother detested her eldest son , and had only eyes for the youngest .
this excited Bramintho 's jealousy , and he invented a horrible story in order to ruin his brother .
the father flew into a rage , and flogged his son till the blood came .
the mother was miserable , and did nothing but weep , but she dared not say anything .
if you turn the diamond inside , you will become invisible .
if you turn it outside , you will become visible again .
the youth was very impatient to try the ring , and returned home immediately .
then Rosimond asked him how many sons he had .
meanwhile the son went to the King 's palace , and arrived just when the real prince was absent .
the Queen was even more delighted , and fetes were ordered over the whole kingdom .
he will be very generous if he grants it , and it will be more than you deserve .
he is in my ante-room , where you shall see him at once .
Bramintho entered , as he was told , into the anteroom .
then Rosimond changed the ring , and passed into the room by another door .
he implored his pardon , and promised to atone for all his faults .
you must never deceive anyone .
Rosimond took these wise counsels to heart .
for he feared for himself the changes of fortune , the envy of mankind and his own weakness .
prosperity is the source of all evil to a naturally wicked man .
if you wish to punish a scoundrel , the first thing to do is to give him power .
all these crimes , which could be traced to nobody , filled the people with astonishment .
but his triumph was short .
next day he was seized by order of the King , and his ring was taken from him .
my brother 's experience has made me understand many things that I did not know before .
keep it , it has only led to his destruction .
perhaps he might have been wise and happy if he had never had the chance of gratifying his wishes !
one day , as he was walking along , he picked up a snuff-box .
our young man was enchanted .
henceforth he should never be in need of anything .
in the castle there lived a King .
the servants could not do their work for stopping to stare at it .
then the King dressed himself , and went to see the young man .
so it all turned out just as the King wished .
the young man married the Princess , and they lived happily in the palace of gold .
when the young couple woke up , they found themselves back in the old castle , without their snuff-box .
once this house belonged to him , but now it was stolen .
so the old woman 's heart melted , and she agreed to hide him .
he found there a little old woman busily occupied in filling great barrels with water .
but our traveller was not discouraged , he had already journeyed too far .
and he enquired if anyone wanted a gardener .
the following night , when everyone was fast asleep , he crept in and took the snuff-box .
what do I want ?
once upon a time there was a great lord who had three sons .
the young man began his journey , and soon arrived at a place where four roads met .
the old man , after waiting patiently for some time , sent his second son to seek the Golden Blackbird .
they even owed something to their landlord , who kept them as hostages till they could pay their debts .
it lives in a little cage , with another cage beside it made all of gold .
the youth departed , weeping , and met the little hare , who was munching wild thyme .
the little hare left him , and almost immediately the Porcelain Maiden arrived with her friends .
she undressed herself and got into the water .
when he reached the inn where his brothers were detained , he delivered them by paying their debt .
but , happily , he had snatched in falling at a tuft of rushes and called loudly for help .
but it is not an easy place .
the little horse allowed itself to be rubbed down without a toss of its head and without a kick .
the young man married the Porcelain Maiden , and had a splendid wedding-feast .
once upon a time there was a little soldier who had just come back from the war .
he was a brave little fellow , but he had lost neither arms nor legs in battle .
he went towards it , and perceived before him an old castle , with the door standing open .
he put his pipe in his pocket and knocked gently , saying politely :
but he got no answer .
after waiting for a moment John knocked again , this time more loudly .
there was still no reply .
he raised the latch and entered ; the hall was empty .
he only made one step backwards , and grasped the hilt of his sword .
the face had the beauty of an angel , though the body was only that of a serpent .
you will find yourself in a gallery with a room at the end just like this .
the little soldier boldly prepared to do as he was told .
he lowered his head and rushed forward amidst a storm of blows , which he returned with his fists .
Ludovine was a woman down to her waist .
she took the tunic and put it on .
he instantly unsheathed his sword and cut his way through with such vigour that he hardly received a scratch .
he brought back the skirt , which was made of silk as blue as the skies of Spain .
she was now a woman as far as her knees .
this time he stopped short at the threshold .
at this moment his eyes fell on the door , which was made of oak , thick and heavy .
here is a purse with two hundred ducats .
John drank , then lit his pipe and went out .
the clocks were striking twelve when John awoke .
when the night came , he slept with one eye open , and jumped up twenty times an hour .
there he sat , dreamily gazing at his bouquet till he ended by going fast asleep .
neither man nor horse woke till the coach was seen vanishing away in the distance .
thus they left many villages and towns behind them , till they came to the sea itself .
in the hut was a young girl who was mending a net .
I brought it home and placed it on the fire .
that is the mantle , covering my bed , and I have kept the money for my marriage-portion .
in one moment the little soldier found himself standing before a splendid palace .
can't you see ?
was there ever anything so strange ?
in an instant he was there .
she had a crown of gold upon her head , and the King and Queen sat by her side .
the little soldier was furious .
then he counted his money again , and there were still fifty crowns .
he took away five and counted a third time , but there were still fifty .
this time the Kinglet was not late for his appointment .
the King sent for the cards and they sat down to play .
they had six games , and John always lost .
but he was told that the King had gone into the country to receive his rents .
he returned the following day , and had the same answer .
then he asked to see the Queen , but she had a headache .
that evening he was in front of the palace , wrapped in his red cloak .
on the first story one window was lighted , and John saw on the curtains the shadow of the Princess .
the King 's daughter was sitting before a table counting the money that she emptied from the inexhaustible purse .
the Princess jumped and gave a little cry .
Ludovine burst out into a fit of laughter .
the Princess understood that it was no time for jesting , and did not answer .
besides she was still feeling giddy from her rapid flight , and had not yet collected her senses .
the King of the Low Countries was not a very scrupulous person , and his daughter took after him .
this was why she had been changed into a serpent .
the cunning Princess then laid her plans accordingly .
and we know how they had acted on John .
however , even in this critical moment , Ludovine did not lose her head .
here is your purse .
Ludovine fastened one in his buttonhole and the other round his arm .
the little soldier scratched his head .
and he told her the virtue of the red mantle .
she stretched herself on the grass , and the Kinglet did the same .
in another moment she was there .
besides this he was very hungry , and he had nothing to eat .
he climbed the tree and began to eat steadily .
he put up his hand and found that he had two horns !
he leapt down from the tree and rushed to a stream that flowed close by .
then his courage failed him .
when he had done eating an idea suddenly occurred to him .
she has the eyes of a deer already ; let her have the horns of one .
so he plaited a basket out of the long willows , and placed in it carefully both sorts of plums .
but he feared nothing , except that his plums should decay , and this never happened .
so , at the end of a year and a day , he arrived at the capital of the kingdom .
but what is there so very precious about them ?
Ludovine 's curiosity was roused .
she flew to her mirror and uttered a piercing cry .
let someone find the plum-seller at once and bring him to me !
let his nose and ears be cut off !
let him be flayed alive , or burnt at a slow fire and his ashes scattered to the winds !
the Princess had scarcely tasted it , when the tip of the horns disappeared .
it is only possible to cure people whose souls are as clean as the palm of my hand .
are you sure you have not committed some little sin ?
she stood before him dumb with fright .
John had wished himself in the house of the Seagull .
at the noise made by the little soldier , she looked up and blushed .
Peter promised faithfully he wouldn't , and the old woman continued :
Peter loosed the bird , and led it away with him without disturbing the bird 's master .
the bird screamed .
the bird screamed .
they soon came to a village where a fair was being held .
a travelling circus was giving a performance , and the clown was just doing his tricks .
he opened his eyes wide with amazement when he saw the remarkable trio fastened on to the swan 's tail .
without a moment 's hesitation the clown grasped the black outstretched hand .
the bird screamed .
after this no one else had any wish to join them .
Soon Peter saw the towers of the capital in front of him .
he laughed himself when he saw them till the tears rolled down his cheeks .
Peter decided in favour of the land .
then the Princess felt moved to stroke the swan , at the same time admiring its plumage .
the bird screamed .
but the swan flew up into the air , and vanished in the blue horizon .
after that she smeared mud all over her hands and face , and shook her hair into a great tangle .
having thus changed her appearance , she went about offering herself as a goose-girl or shepherdess .
when she was quite safe , she put on her rags again , and smeared over her face and hands .
and with a hearty laugh he dismissed the peasant .
as soon as the snake saw Grannonia , it wound its tail round her and kissed her .
then they put their eyes to the keyhole to see what had happened .
they rose up and stood for some time listening to the birds singing , because Grannonia delighted in their songs .
this proposal quite satisfied the others , and they all separated as they had agreed .
have you followed me ?
instantly the housekeeper fell down as if she were dead , and the blood streamed all over the ground .
what have I done ?
like a madman I have killed the woman who is the prop and stay of my old age .
but he blew in vain , for the poor soul was as dead as a door-nail .
the same thing happened to the third rogue , so that they were now all three without wives .
the three rogues , having wreaked their vengeance , set out , for home .
on their way they noticed a flock of sheep grazing not far from the road .
one day he set forth from his capital , in order to make a journey through his kingdom .
at last a hoarse voice sounded from the depths .
then the claws relaxed their hold , and the face disappeared in the depths .
the secret of the King remained a secret , though his grave , careworn expression escaped no one 's notice .
however , time went on and nothing happened .
Overgrown with thistles and rank weeds , in the centre of which a leafy lime tree reared itself .
the King gave him a beautiful charger , with golden stirrups , and a sword .
then they finished dressing and disappeared .
she gave the Prince her hand and spoke .
I am the daughter of a wicked magician , and my name is Hyacinthia .
don't mind if he stamps furiously with his feet and curses and swears .
as soon as Prince Milan entered he flung himself on his knees .
all the same , for your delay in coming here , we must demand three services from you .
go to bed , and when you wake up to-morrow morning the palace will be finished .
the Magician himself was not a little astonished at its beauty , and could hardly believe his eyes .
I have thirty daughters in my house , all beautiful princesses .
To-morrow I will place the whole thirty in a row .
the next day the Magician again commanded Prince Milan to be led before him .
Prince Milan went past them and looked at them closely .
but what does a prince know of shoemaking ?
with these words she breathed on the window , and her breath froze on the pane .
then she led Milan out of the room with her , shut the door , and threw the key away .
Prince Milan 's charger was still grazing on the grass which grew near the water .
then it sped onwards like an arrow from a bow .
in the meantime the Magician was waiting impatiently for the Prince .
enraged by the delay , he sent his servants to fetch him , for the appointed time was past .
with this answer they returned to the Magician .
the frozen breath always gave the same answer , but the Prince never came .
at last the Magician lost all patience , and commanded the door to be burst open .
but when his servants did so , they found the room empty , and the frozen breath laughed aloud .
out of his mind with rage , the Magician ordered the Prince to be pursued .
then a wild chase began .
Milan sprang from the saddle , put his ear to the ground and listened .
behind the bridge the road branched off into three ways .
in fear and trembling they returned to tell the Magician what had happened .
then the pursuit began afresh .
the Prince dismounted and put his ear to the ground .
their pursuers entered the forest , but searched in vain for Prince Milan and his bride .
but at the first church we come to his power ceases ; he may chase us no further .
they had hardly done this when the magician and his servants rode up .
Prince Milan rode on slowly with his bride without fearing any further pursuit .
Prince Milan was suddenly seized with an ardent desire to enter the town .
the King and Queen of the town will come out to meet you , leading a little child with them .
from that moment his memory became a blank , and he forgot all about the beautiful Hyacinthia .
and one of her tears remained as a dewdrop and sparkled on the little blue flower .
he pulled it up carefully by the roots and carried it home .
here he planted it in a pot , and watered and tended the little plant carefully .
all night the old man never closed an eye .
she went straight to the King 's kitchen , where the white-aproned cooks were running about in great confusion .
the cake was soon made .
the guests were all lost in admiration , for the cake was quite a work of art .
Milan sighed deeply when he heard what the little dove said .
Outside stood his faithful charger , pawing the ground .
and soon the noise of her beauty spread abroad , and many wooers came to try and gain her hand .
at last she gave up the search in despair .
in honour of the approaching wedding a feast lasting many nights was to be given in the capital .
the following evening the fair Helena started early for the feast .
he never left her side , and refused to dance with anyone else .
he begged her to tell him who she was , but this she refused to do .
Prince Fickle was more in love with her than ever , and begged her once again to tell him her name .
then Helena kissed him silently on the left cheek , and in one moment Prince Fickle recognized his old love .
this remarkable taste of the fair Parsley soon became known , and the theft was discovered .
he determined that fate should decide for him .
wherever linen was to be bought , there the two elder brothers hastened .
they loaded their carriages with bales of the finest linen they could find and then returned home .
before crossing the bridge he sat down on the banks of the stream and sighed dismally over his sad fate .
Puddocky watched the Prince till he was out of sight and then crept back into the water .
at the cross roads they separated once more .
the youngest went by himself along his lonely way , but this time he felt much more cheerful .
the joy of the Court was great .
how could she ever find a beautiful wife for me ?
the Prince then told her the task they had been set to do .
the carriage drove on in front of him for some time and then turned a corner .
the carriage stopped when it reached him , and the footmen sprang down and opened the door for him .
THE STORY OF HOK LEE AND THE DWARFS
but Hok Lee was by no means the virtuous person his neighbours thought him .
Hok Lee was at his wits ' ends what to do .
one day , as luck would have it , a travelling doctor came to the town .
Hok Lee determined to consult him , and asked him into his house .
so he was obliged to part with the greater portion of his ill-gotten gains .
after a time he would see the dwarfs and little sprites who live underground come out to dance .
when they saw him they would be sure to make him dance too .
he had hardly settled himself on a branch when he saw the little dwarfs assembling in the moonlight .
they came from all sides , till at length there appeared to be hundreds of them .
all the dwarfs stood still , and Hok Lee felt as if his heart stood still also .
first , however , thou must dance before us .
but the dwarfs were not to be trifled with .
so in despair Hok Lee began .
the dwarfs were very angry .
they crowded round Hok Lee and abused him .
Hok Lee felt in despair , and his neighbours jeered at him more than ever .
he had not long to wait .
next day the whole town was full of the news of Hok 's sudden cure .
Hok Lee consented on condition that he swore to keep the secret .
the neighbour went off , carefully obeyed Hok Lee 's directions , and was duly cured by the dwarfs .
THE STORY OF THE THREE BEARS
and while they were walking , a little old woman came to the house .
but she was an impudent , bad old woman , and set about helping herself .
and the naughty old woman said a wicked word about that too .
then the little old woman went up stairs into the bed-chamber in which the three bears slept .
so she covered herself up comfortably , and lay there till she fell fast asleep .
now the little old woman had left the spoon of the Great , Huge Bear , standing in his porridge .
said the Great , Huge Bear , in his great gruff voice .
and when the Middle Bear looked at his , he saw that the spoon was standing in it too .
said the Middle Bear , in his middle voice .
said the Little , Small Wee Bear , in his little , small wee voice .
said the Great , Huge Bear , in his great , rough , gruff voice .
and the little old woman had squatted down the soft cushion of the Middle Bear .
said the Middle Bear , in his middle voice .
and you know what the little old woman had done to the third chair .
said the Little , Small , Wee Bear , in his little , small , wee voice .
now the little old woman had pulled the pillow of the Great , Huge Bear out of its place .
said the Great , Huge Bear , in his great , rough , gruff voice .
and the little old woman had pulled the bolster of the Middle Bear out of its place .
said the Middle Bear in his middle voice .
said the Little , Small , Wee Bear , in his little , small , wee voice .
PRINCE VIVIEN AND THE PRINCESS PLACIDA
from this moment poor Placida 's troubles began !
but now let us return to Prince Vivien , and see what his restless spirit has brought him to .
however , she presently showed him a bundle of straw on which he could sleep .
Prince Vivien was wild with aggravation , but there was nothing to be done .
but at last the water rose as high as his chin , and his bath was complete .
at the sound of their chanting , another band of slaves appeared , and took possession of the unhappy Vivien .
the ship was made of white paper too , as the Prince presently discovered when he reached it .
these two things , however , he did most thoroughly .
the Prince turned sharply round and to his horror saw a huge Giant approaching with mighty strides , crying fiercely
at these words the Giant began to howl and lament .
then the Prince , without even waiting to sheathe his sword , rushed back to the gazelle , crying :
Prince Vivien was wild with impatience , and thought that the Green Castle would never be reached .
it makes me shudder to think of it now , and that was not all .
it is so disagreeable to be hurried .
perhaps , this was not even the same bird .
ah ! well , we must teach you to work .
you won't be the first we have cured of laziness .
the Fairy shook her head , and looked very grave .
now you can imagine these two devoted lovers hunting night and day .
he was forced to walk slowly slowly upon tip-toe , hardly venturing to breathe .
but this changing of character is one of the most ordinary miracles which love works .
neither the Prince nor the Princess gave a thought to anything but their quest .
it never even occurred to them to wonder what country they had reached .
LITTLE ONE-EYE , LITTLE TWO-EYES , AND LITTLE THREE-EYES
then the wise woman went away .
then Little Two-eyes said the shortest grace she knew , and set to work and made a good dinner .
and when she had had enough , she said , as the wise woman had told her ,
and immediately the table and all that was on it disappeared again .
the next day she went out again with her goat , and left the few scraps which were given her .
she shut her one eye and fell asleep .
when Little Two-eyes saw that Little One-eye was asleep and could find out nothing , she said ,
then she said again ,
and in the twinkling of an eye all had vanished .
she sang , without thinking ,
but Little Three-eyes had seen everything .
you watch well !
when she says to the goat in the field ,
and everything disappears again .
I saw it all exactly .
when the knight saw the apples he was astonished , and asked where they came from .
then the knight lifted Little Two-eyes on his horse , and took her home to his father 's castle .
when the handsome knight carried Little Two-eyes away with him , the two sisters envied her good luck at first .
Little Two-eyes lived happily for a long time .
once two poor women came to the castle to beg alms .
she could entice animals and birds to come to her , and then she would kill and cook them .
now , there was once a maiden called Jorinde , who was more beautiful than other maidens .
Joringel looked up at Jorinde .
she muttered to herself , caught the nightingale , and carried her away in her hand .
Joringel could say nothing ; he could not move from the spot , and the nightingale was gone .
then Joringel was free .
he sought it for eight days , and on the ninth early in the morning he found the blood-red flower .
in its centre was a large dew-drop , as big as the most lovely pearl .
he travelled day and night with this flower till he arrived at the castle .
he was delighted at his success , touched the great gate with the flower , and it sprung open .
instantly he sprang after her , touched the cage with the flower , and the old woman as well .
ALLERLEIRAUH ; OR , THE MANY-FURRED CREATURE
after the King had promised her this , she closed her eyes and died .
so messengers were sent far and wide to seek for a bride equal to the late Queen in beauty .
then the messengers came home again , not having been able to find a queen .
and as she was very much tired she sat down inside a hollow tree and fell asleep .
when his dogs came to the tree , they sniffed , and ran round and round it , barking .
so they put her in the cart and they went back to the palace .
so the Many-furred Creature lived for a long time in great poverty .
ah , beautiful King 's daughter , what is going to befall you now ?
then she opened the nut , and took out the dress as golden as the sun .
the guards who were standing before the palace were called and questioned , but no one had seen her .
so the cook went away , and the Many-furred Creature cooked the soup for the King .
then he commanded the cook to be brought before him .
when he came before the King , the King asked who had cooked the soup .
when the Many-furred Creature came , the King asked her who she was .
so the King could find out nothing , and was obliged to send her away .
it was brought to the King , who ate it , and liked it as much as the last time .
but because she begged hard , he let her go up for the usual time .
now she put on the dress as shining as the stars , and stepped into the hall in it .
the King danced again with the beautiful maiden , and thought she had never looked so beautiful .
the King seized the cloak and tore it off her .
so they became the twelve royal huntsmen .
the King was pleased with the Lion 's advice , and ordered the peas to be strewn in his ante-room .
the King was pleased with the advice , and desired twelve spinning-wheels to be placed in his ante-chamber .
but the good-natured servant went to the huntsmen and told them all about this fresh plot .
but the King declined to believe in the Lion any longer .
to the other Princess he despatched a messenger to beg her to return to her own kingdom with all speed .
SPINDLE , SHUTTLE , AND NEEDLE
the old woman took the little orphan home with her and brought her up in good , pious , industrious habits .
after this the girl lived all alone in the little cottage .
he could not marry a poor woman , and he did not wish for a rich one .
he looked well at her , said nothing , but rode on further .
so he turned his horses head and rode back beside the golden thread .
meantime the girl sat weaving , and sang :
the shuttle instantly escaped from her hand , and with one bound was out at the door .
on the threshold it began weaving the loveliest carpet that was ever seen .
as the shuttle had run away the girl sat down to sew .
and the needle promptly slipped from her fingers and flew about the room like lightning .
she said nothing , but she held out her hand .
it led him to a little hut all woven together of reeds and rushes .
loud screams and shouts pierced the thin walls of the little hut .
the tailor , with new-born courage , sprang up , threw on his clothes with all speed and hurried out .
there he saw a huge black bull engaged in a terrible fight with a fine large stag .
he felt as if he were flying along .
at length the stag paused before a steep rock and gently let the tailor down to the ground .
on the floor stood two large crystal boxes opposite each other , and these attracted his curiosity at once .
what was his amazement at seeing a girl of surpassing loveliness lying in it !
now sit down and hear my story .
I am the daughter of a wealthy nobleman .
there was no lack of society at our home .
Friends and neighbours paid us frequent visits , and we kept open house for all .
I had hardly dropped off to sleep when I was roused by the sound of some soft and charming music .
my repugnance to his magic was so great that I would not condescend to give any answer .
now help me to carry out the rest of my vision .
there was once a poor man who could no longer afford to keep his only son at home .
the King had a daughter who was very beautiful , but she was also very capricious .
so the King consented , and the wedding was celebrated with great splendour .
as soon as this provision came to an end he would have to die .
immediately the pieces joined together , the snake moved itself and became alive and then both hurried away .
he was much astonished to see them come back alone , and asked what had happened to them .
he made them both go into a secret chamber , and let no one see them .
they went to bed , and slept soundly till morning .
then they rode on all day through the forest without coming to the end .
as soon as it was dark twelve murderers arrived , with the full intention of killing and robbing the strangers .
so he came before her and propounded his riddle .
she could not think what it was !
on the third night the King 's son thought he really might feel safe , so he went to bed .
there was once a farmer who lived in great comfort .
then he asked the maid what she wanted , and she said a pair of slippers and some stockings .
as he sat up in his tree he played away on his pipes and drew the loveliest music from them .
the servant asked Jack what he was doing up there .
then Jack rode on in front pointing out the way , and the King reached his own country in safety .
his father was much vexed at this news , for he thought Jack had died long ago .
so the father had the cock shod , and rejoiced at the idea of getting rid of his son .
then the King coaxed and entreated his daughter to go with Jack and so save both their lives .
she stepped into the coach , and Jack my Hedgehog with his cock and pipes took his place beside her .
they both took leave , and the King fully expected never to set eyes on them again .
then Jack told his story , and his old father rejoiced and returned to live with him in his kingdom .
the man threw the fish back into the water , and went home .
but on the spot where his cottage used to stand he found a spacious castle .
I dare not tell you .
the man had to betake himself to his former trade , and set to fishing again .
as luck would have it , he caught the golden fish a second time .
when he went home he found all their former splendour restored , and his wife overjoyed at their good fortune .
the man carried the fish home , and did exactly as he had been told .
the children grew up both tall and handsome , and the foals and the lilies grew with them .
he took aim , and was about to fire when the stag bounded away .
reluctantly she touched the stone with her finger , and in a moment it resumed its human shape .
then they all lived happily to their lives ' ends , and all things went well with them .
he had one very peculiar habit .
the servant stood still listening to them .
everyone felt sorry for the handsome young fellow and left him alone on the shore .
full of delight he brought it to the King 's daughter , expecting to receive his promised reward .
suddenly he heard a sound in the boughs , and a golden apple fell right into his hand .
THE STORY OF A CLEVER TAILOR
when evening came on he was taken to the stable .
when the bear saw this he began to long for some nuts himself .
the tailor dived into his pocket and gave him a handful , but they were pebbles , not nuts .
presently the tailor took out a little fiddle and began playing on it .
what do you think ?
but just let me look at your paws .
the tailor remained quite unmoved .
whoever does not believe this story must pay a dollar .
hanging is far too good for him .
the Prince , who had made up his mind to be more than cautious this time , went cheerfully to work .
you will soon come upon the golden mermaid .
with these words he turned his magic ship round and steered back towards the land .
here he stopped and waited for the mermaid , who had swum after him .
THE WAR OF THE WOLF AND THE FOX
and the dog ran into the wood with his tail between his legs .
when her husband returned , his wife told him that the dog had disappeared .
they sat down under a holly tree and both poured forth their woes .
this was the cat , who was marching along with her tail erect .
and while they were lying there , the fox , the cat and the dog arrived .
the wild boar got up in a dreadful fright , gave one loud grunt and disappeared into the wood .
thieves have been here last night , and they have not left a single sausage .
and the fox scored a point too , for he had carried away the sausages himself !
THE STORY OF THE FISHERMAN AND HIS WIFE
then the fisherman got up , and went home to his wife in the hut .
when he came there the sea was quite green and yellow , and was no longer shining .
with these words they had their supper and went to bed .
all went well for a week or a fortnight , then the wife said :
I should like to live in a great stone castle .
the fisherman 's heart was very heavy , and he did not like going .
still , he went down .
the fisherman went home and thought he would find no house .
the best of food and drink also was set before them when they wished to dine .
so the fisherman went , though much vexed that his wife wanted to be king .
he did not wish to go , yet he went .
a sentinel was standing before the gate , and there were numbers of soldiers with kettledrums and trumpets .
he stood looking at her , and when he had looked for some time , he said :
there is only one emperor in the kingdom .
will you go at once ?
so he had to go .
the fisherman was chilled with fear .
before the gate soldiers were marching , blowing trumpets and beating drums .
she had on a great golden crown which was three yards high and set with brilliants and sparkling gems .
many princes and dukes were standing before her .
the fisherman went up to her quietly and said :
he stood looking at her magnificence , and when he had watched her for some time , said :
it is not right ; it is too much .
go down this instant ; I am emperor and you are my husband .
he pushed his way through the people .
all the emperors and kings were on their knees before her , and were kissing her foot .
so he stood staring at her , and it was as if he were looking at the bright sun .
when he had watched her for some time he said :
but she sat as straight as a tree , and did not move or bend the least bit .
with these words they went to bed .
the fisherman was still half asleep , yet he was so frightened that he fell out of bed .
he looked at her in horror , and a shudder ran over him .
Emperor and pope he can make you .
so he hurried on his clothes as fast as possible , and ran away as if he were mad .
but the storm was raging so fiercely that he could scarcely stand .
so he shouted , not able to hear his own voice :
and there they are sitting to this day .
once upon a time three musicians left their home and set out on their travels .
one evening they came to a village where they delighted all the company with their beautiful music .
they heard all the gossip of the place , and many wonderful things were related and discussed .
and the little man sat down beside the fiddler and shared his meal .
it was night when he reached the place , and the other two musicians were fast asleep .
but he didn't find his companion very communicative .
the little grey man lifted the curtains from the bed and beckoned the youth to approach .
on the rich silk cushions embroidered with gold a lovely maiden lay sleeping .
she is a mighty Princess .
so set to work and do as I tell you .
but the dwarf 's wicked intentions were doomed to disappointment .
the shepherd at last let himself be persuaded , and gave the stranger his sheep .
inside the carriage sat a beautiful girl in a black dress crying bitterly .
the horses advanced slowly and mournfully , with their heads bent on the ground .
the shepherd felt very sorry for the lovely maiden , and determined to follow the carriage .
but the poor Princess wept bitterly , though she did not dare to confide her grief to anyone .
with a joyful start she recognised the beast , and bound her own table-napkin round his neck .
then she plucked up her courage and told her father the whole story .
and with these words the three dogs became three birds and flew away into the heavens .
KIDNAPPED BEING MEMOIRS OF THE ADVENTURES OF DAVID BALFOUR IN THE YEAR @number@
PREFACE TO THE BIOGRAPHICAL EDITION
for several years my husband received letters of expostulation or commendation from members of the Campbell and Stewart clans .
one of these was so charming that I interrupted my husband to read it aloud .
MY DEAR CHARLES BAXTER :
these are nuts beyond my ability to crack .
to this day you will find the tradition of Appin clear in Alan 's favour .
as for you , my dear Charles , I do not even ask you to like this tale .
how , in the intervals of present business , the past must echo in your memory !
R.L.S. SKERRYVORE , BOURNEMOUTH .
Mr Campbell , the minister of Essendean , was waiting for me by the garden gate , good man !
and we began to walk forward in silence .
I cried .
it might have been laughable to another ; but I was in no mind to laugh .
can you forget old favours and old friends at the mere whistle of a name ?
it restores speech to those that have the dumb palsey .
it was a word that seemed to surprise those of whom I sought my way .
he stopped his cart and looked at me , like the others .
I asked .
I cannot well describe the blow this dealt to my illusions .
the more indistinct the accusations were , the less I liked them , for they left the wider field to fancy .
my heart sank .
I cried .
Black be its fall !
I sat me down and stared at the house of Shaws .
so I set forward by a little faint track in the grass that led in my direction .
the nearer I got to that , the drearier it appeared .
it seemed like the one wing of a house that had never been finished .
was this the palace I had been coming to ?
was it within these walls that I was to seek new friends and begin great fortunes ?
then I stood and waited .
I knocked again , and hearkened again .
I repeated what I had said .
as soon as the last chain was up , the man rejoined me .
I said I feared it was his own supper .
meanwhile , my uncle , stooping over the fire , turned the letter over and over in his hands .
from this I was awakened by his sharp voice .
I 'm unco feared of fires .
I did not know whether to laugh or cry .
the table was laid with two bowls and two horn spoons , but the same single measure of small beer .
then he sat down in the sun at one of the windows and silently smoked .
from time to time his eyes came coasting round to me , and he shot out one of his questions .
for all that , I would have you to know that I have a pride of my own .
he seemed grievously put out .
what 's mine is yours , Davie , my man , and what 's yours is mine .
the blood came to my face .
he turned very pale , and sucked his mouth in .
I could see him all trembling and twitching , like a man with palsy .
but when he turned round , he had a smile upon his face .
why do you seek to keep me , then ?
for a day that was begun so ill , the day passed fairly well .
he jumped upon his stool , and the horn spoon fell out of his hand upon the floor .
I asked , very calmly , for I was far stronger than he , and not easily frightened .
my uncle seemed to make a great effort upon himself .
I do my duty .
presently he looked towards me sideways .
I answered , and expressed my readiness to serve .
he pulled out of his pocket a rusty key .
ye can only win into it from the outside , for that part of the house is no finished .
Out I went into the night .
the house of Shaws stood some five full storeys high , not counting lofts .
this was the grand stair !
my uncle had sent me here , certainly to run great risks , perhaps to die .
I put out my head into the storm , and looked along towards the kitchen .
thence I turned to the chests .
this , then , I concealed inside my waistcoat , and turned to my uncle .
he had begun to seek for his breath with deep sighs .
his breath came slower still .
I set him on a chair and looked at him .
presently , all swollen with conceit , I went up-stairs and gave my prisoner his liberty .
I asked him soberly to name his pleasure .
I stood awhile and thought .
he never said a word the whole way ; and I was thrown for talk on the cabin-boy .
he would only admit one flaw in his idol .
and he confirmed it with a poor , silly , ugly oath .
he said he had a father in some English seaport , I forget which .
I made a fine fool of him , I tell you !
I tell you , I keep them in order .
Just then we came to the top of the hill , and looked down on the Ferry and the Hope .
he seemed to waken from a dream .
I told him over again .
WHAT BEFELL AT THE QUEEN'S FERRY
at a table hard by the chimney , a tall , dark , sober-looking man sat writing .
but it chanced that this fancy of the captain 's had a great share in my misfortunes .
I said it seemed that Ebenezer was ill-seen in the country .
and yet he was ance a fine young fellow , too .
I asked .
and with that he went away , as he had been impatient to do from the beginning .
by this time we were at the boat-side , and he was handing me in .
I felt I was lost .
sure enough , there was the boat pulling for the town , with my uncle sitting in the stern .
it was the last I saw .
the thought of deliverance , even by death in the deep sea , was welcome to me .
but sleep at length stole from me the consciousness of sorrow .
I was awakened by the light of a hand-lantern shining in my face .
what , man ?
he was followed by the captain .
but Mr Riach caught him by the sleeve .
Hoseason turned upon him with a flash .
you 're not the only one , I 'll tell you that .
I thought it would be civil to ask him for his story .
he whistled loud .
and he skipped out of the forecastle .
you and Ransome are to change berths .
it was as white as wax , and had a look upon it like a dreadful smile .
the blood in me ran cold , and I drew in my breath as if I had been struck .
the brig was sheering swiftly and giddily through a long , cresting swell .
the most of the cutlasses were in another place .
presently Mr Riach came in .
the murderer cried a little , but he took off his sea-boots and obeyed .
he turned to the table .
and yet in other ways it was an easy service .
I cannot say I ever saw him in his proper wits .
but I had no cause to be afraid of him .
THE MAN WITH THE BELT OF GOLD
my two masters leaped to their feet .
and they hurried out .
the captain was in the right of it .
and he laid his hand quickly on his pistols .
the other swept back the guineas into the belt , and put it on again under his waistcoat .
sixty guineas , and done .
whatever my opinions , I could not look on such a man without a lively interest .
Whig or Whigamore was the cant name for those who were loyal to King George .
my first mind was to run away ; my second was bolder .
they all started and turned about .
what was I to do ?
they 've murdered a boy already .
the round-house was built very strong , to support the breaching of the seas .
of its five apertures , only the skylight and the two doors were large enough for the passage of a man .
it doesn't set my genius , which is all for the upper guard .
I told him I would listen closely .
Alan whistled .
it is my part to keep this door , where I look for the main battle .
in that , ye have no hand .
I told him , indeed I was no great shot .
but that 's not all .
let's make a bit of a soldier of ye , David .
THE SIEGE OF THE ROUND-HOUSE
the captain stood , indeed ; but he neither winced nor drew back a foot .
my badge is the oak .
do ye see my sword ?
it has slashed the heads off mair Whigamores than you have toes upon your feet .
the captain said nothing to Alan , but he looked over at me with an ugly look .
I looked back over my shoulder , and saw Mr Shuan in the doorway , crossing blades with Alan .
I cried .
then I looked round again into the deck-house .
I told him I had winged one , and thought it was the captain .
after that the voices fell again into the same muttering as before .
by this , my pistols were ready , and there was nothing to do but listen and wait .
he gave the most horrible , ugly groan and fell to the floor .
Alan was dirking him with his left hand , but the fellow clung like a leech .
another had broken in and had his cutlass raised .
the door was thronged with their faces .
they broke before him like water , turning , and running , and falling one against another in their haste .
he came up to me with open arms .
THE CAPTAIN KNUCKLES UNDER
Alan and I sat down to breakfast about six of the clock .
we made good company for each other .
fifteen tarry sailors upon the one side , and a man and a halfling boy upon the other !
Hoseason flushed red .
that 's a broad target .
Coble : a small boat used in fishing .
the captain shook his head , still frowning .
but there 's one thing more .
this blew off the rain and brought out the sun .
and here I must explain ; and the reader would do well to look at a map .
I would hunt all of that name like blackcocks .
I could scarcely share this view : holding desertion under arms for an unpardonable fault in honour .
and then I have bit things that I attend to .
and he struck the belt about his body , so that the guineas rang .
I repeated .
and at that name , his teeth shut together , and he ceased speaking .
that was the love the clansmen bore their chief .
these guineas are the proof of it .
he sat gnashing his teeth at the wine table .
he declares all the farms to let .
but that 's nothing to the point .
Ardshiel was to starve : that was the thing he aimed at .
therefore he sent for lawyers , and papers , and red-coats to stand at his back .
and who are to succeed them ?
it 's not this Campbell 's fault , man it 's his orders .
a soldier covers nae mair of it than his boot-soles .
the Hielands are what they call pacified .
for his faults , they were on his face , and I now knew them all .
THE LOSS OF THE BRIG
Mr Riach and the captain looked at each other .
with that he gave an order to the steersman , and sent Riach to the foretop .
the tide at the tail of the land ran very strong , and threw the brig about .
and just at the same time the tide caught the brig , and threw the wind out of her sails .
I was on my feet in a minute .
the captain took no part .
they say a man sinks a third time for good .
presently , I found I was holding to a spar , which helped me somewhat .
with my stepping ashore I began the most unhappy part of my adventures .
when I got to the top the dawn was come .
the boat , too , was nowhere to be seen .
what had carried me through the roost would surely serve me to cross this little quiet creek in safety .
my case was very different .
the second day I crossed the island to all sides .
I had good reasons for my choice .
but the other reason went deeper .
it was the same with the roofs of Iona .
this was very like a king , with a palace at his back and changes of dry clothes .
but he must have had better luck on his flight from Worcester than I had on that miserable isle .
but this was to lock the stable door after the steed was stolen .
and yet the worst was not yet come .
indeed , I wore myself down with continual and aimless goings and comings in the rain .
the comfort of the sunshine is a thing I cannot tell .
but the boat never turned aside , and flew on , right before my eyes , for Iona .
all the time of my troubles I wept only twice .
but another disappointment , such as yesterday 's , was more than I could bear .
the boat was still heading for the island .
she was coming straight to Earraid !
but now there was a third man along with them , who looked to be of a better class .
as soon as they were come within easy speech , they let down their sail and lay quiet .
then I had a flash of hope .
I remembered he was always waving his hand towards the mainland of the Ross .
I cried , and could not finish .
it was no wonder the fishers had not understood me .
but for the fishers , I might have left my bones there , in pure folly .
THE LAD WITH THE SILVER BUTTON : THROUGH THE ISLE OF MULL
he then asked me how I had fared , and I told him my tale .
and here again I marked a difference from my own part of the country .
tell me what will bring it back ?
I was now red-hot .
I had to own he was right in every feature , and told my wonder .
I told him I had nothing of the sort , and gave him a wider berth .
THE LAD WITH THE SILVER BUTTON : ACROSS MORVEN
there is a regular ferry from Torosay to Kinlochaline on the mainland .
in the crowded boat this was of course impossible , and the passage was a very slow affair .
but there was one melancholy part .
then I understood this was an emigrant ship bound for the American colonies .
at this he drew back .
it makes the country strong to hold and difficult to travel , but full of prodigious wild and dreadful prospects .
indeed , it was one of these he was carrying and reading when we met .
he said it was a bad business .
but these tenants ( as I was saying ) are doubtless partly driven to it .
he might be glowering at the two of us out of yon whin-bush , and I wouldnae wonder !
even Alan Breck , by all that I hear , is a chield to be respected .
ay , ay , we might take a lesson by them .
I asked .
and now they tell me the first of the tenants are to flit to-morrow .
I asked .
and then Colin Campbell has the sogers coming .
I asked if they were worse than their neighbours .
then he had a hearty fit of sneezing , and looked round upon me with a rather silly smile .
THE DEATH OF THE RED FOX
I have power here , I must tell you .
he still kept looking at me , as if in doubt .
and he turned again to look at the lawyer .
the lawyer had caught him up and held him in his arms , the servant standing over and clasping his hands .
I cried .
at that the murderer gave a little , quick look over his shoulder , and began to run .
I cried .
Just inside the shelter of the trees I found Alan Breck standing , with a fishing-rod .
Quarter of an hour later , Alan stopped , clapped down flat in the heather , and turned to me .
Alan was the first to come round .
he did not appear to see it .
and I could say no more for the moment .
I added .
and that is the good Christianity .
when it came to this , I gave Alan up .
Mr Henderland 's words came back to me : that we ourselves might take a lesson by these wild Highlanders .
well , here I had taken mine .
Justice , David ?
ay , man , ye shall taigle many a weary foot , or we get clear !
I tell ye this at the start , for it 's a life that I ken well .
Alan watched them , smiling to himself .
it took the colour out of Alan 's face , even to tell what followed .
but I thought it would be better no to wait .
THE HOUSE OF FEAR
Hereupon he whistled three times , in a particular manner .
and he wrung his hands .
while this was going on I looked about me at the servants .
he struck the lad repeatedly .
he spoke with a pleading earnestness , taking Alan by the breast of the coat .
for I 'll have to paper your friend from the Lowlands .
I thought Alan flushed a bit .
and with that she kissed me , and burst once more into such sobbing , that I stood abashed .
THE FLIGHT IN THE HEATHER : THE ROCKS
it found us in a prodigious valley , strewn with rocks and where ran a foaming river .
then at last Alan smiled .
and then there was water there , and water 's a thing that dauntons even me .
I asked him why .
he peered over the edge of the rock , and signed to me to do the like .
it was now high day , cloudless , and very hot .
the valley was as clear as in a picture .
I took but one look at them , and ducked again into my place .
we 're in a narrow place .
I asked .
there were giddiness , and sickness , and sharp pangs like rheumatism , to be supported .
and indeed it was only by God 's blessing that we were neither of us sun-smitten .
but the business was the most wearing I had ever taken part in .
THE FLIGHT IN THE HEATHER : THE HEUGH OF CORRYNAKIEGH
then he looked at me a little shyly .
a bouman is a tenant who takes stock from the landlord and shares with him the increase .
but this is what I have in my mind .
then he will see my button , and that was Duncan Stewart 's .
so that night Alan carried down his fiery cross and set it in the bouman's window .
Alan would have had him carry a message to James ; but the bouman would hear of no message .
I thought Alan would be gravelled at that , for we lacked the means of writing in that desert .
True , it was more than I had .
but there was no thought of the sort in the honest head of my companion .
then he took the warmest parting of the bouman .
THE FLIGHT IN THE HEATHER : THE MOOR
this is how we stand : Appin 's fair death to us .
Alan was delighted .
we went down accordingly into the waste , and began to make our toilsome and devious travel towards the eastern verge .
I asked .
nothing but the fear of Alan lent me enough of a false kind of courage to continue .
we got through in the nick of time , and shall we jeopard what we 've gained ?
heavy dew fell and drenched the moor like rain ; and this refreshed me for a while .
it fell in this way .
I think I would have asked farther , but Alan gave me the put-off .
there was no such thing possible for me .
you have heard grasshoppers whirring in the grass in the summer time ?
for my part , it made me sick to hear of eating .
a tree , which grew out from the hillside , was the living centre-beam of the roof .
the walls were of wattle and covered with moss .
when we came to the door he was seated by his rock chimney , watching a gillie about some cookery .
it was certainly a strange place , and we had a strange host .
Cluny stopped mingling the cards .
if your friend would like to stand on his head , he is welcome .
I had no will that these two friends should cut their throats for my sake .
for all that he was displeased enough , looked at me askance , and grumbled when he looked .
I knew well enough I was ill , and that was all I cared about .
I paid little heed while I lay in this poor pass .
the luck , it seems , changed on the second day .
the sun was shining in at the open door of the Cage , and this dazzled and offended me .
Cluny sat at the table , biting the pack of cards .
he asked me for a loan of my money .
I repeated .
but the point is this .
Alan took his under-lip into his mouth , and looked upon the ground .
it would be a singular thing for me to keep it .
Alan said nothing , only looked on the ground .
all the time he grew redder and redder in the face .
would that be the right part for me to play ?
but either my youth disarmed him , or perhaps his own sense of justice .
THE FLIGHT IN THE HEATHER : THE QUARREL
are we to part ?
ye said so once before .
are ye to say it again ?
my whole conduct 's there to give the lie to it .
I never yet failed a friend , and it 's not likely I 'll begin with you .
this ought to have touched me , and in a manner it did , but the wrong manner .
the next thing will be that I 'm to go down upon my knees and thank you for it !
ye should think more of others , Alan Breck .
Alan was little pleased with a route which led us through the country of his blood-foes , the Glenorchy Campbells .
Alan gave way at last , but with only half a heart .
a fire was never to be thought of .
the sound of an infinite number of rivers came up from all round .
during all these horrid wanderings we had no familiarity , scarcely even that of speech .
Alan flushed darkly .
Alan made no answer at the time , but his conduct answered for him .
in this poor state I had to bear from my companion something in the nature of a persecution .
and at each of Alan 's taunts , I hugged myself .
the stitch in my side was hardly bearable .
I stopped .
do you think it either very wise or very witty to cast my politics in my teeth ?
it was the air made in mockery of General Cope 's defeat at Preston Pans :
the air stopped on Alan 's lips .
both the Campbells and the Whigs have beaten you ; you have run before them like a hare .
a second sermon .
and drawing my sword , I fell on guard as Alan himself had taught me .
I thought I must have swooned where I stood .
I put my pride away from me .
he started up sitting , and looked at me .
now lean upon me hard .
again he came near sobbing .
it was sweet and laughable to hear Alan eat his words up in the fear of some fresh quarrel .
the bills , too , had now been printed .
so it was , at least .
he bowed in return .
but Robin put aside these hospitalities as bad for the breath .
I had been pleased with Robin 's playing , Alan 's ravished me .
I am not fit to blow in the same kingdom with ye .
END OF THE FLIGHT : WE PASS THE FORTH
I was for pushing straight across ; but Alan was more wary .
smoke went up from both of these , and from other villages and farms upon all hands .
at last he stopped in the way .
I followed him , laughing .
Alan turned upon her , to my great wonder , with a kind of fury .
wrong enough , I would think !
at this the lass turned and ran out of that part of the house , leaving us alone together .
shall we go wanting , lassie ?
her face cleared up mightily at this , although Alan 's darkened .
at that , we looked out and saw the lass herself coming rowing to us in a boat .
I was in the long street of Queensferry before the sun was up .
truly , if my hope broke with me , it might come to the gallows yet for both of us .
he got a paper book out of a drawer and set it before him open .
but I had shot my bolt and sat speechless .
I cannot be your friend till I am properly informed .
if you were more trustful , it would better befit your time of life .
but at this sally , which I made with something of a smile myself , he fairly laughed aloud .
further interrogated where you now were , protested ignorance , but believed you were in Leyden .
that is a close sum of his replies .
he passed me his word very seriously .
yet when I called Alan Breck in full , we had an odd scene .
but you are doubtless quite right to adhere to him ; indubitably , he adhered to you .
but the lawyer saw and understood me .
you will be wondering , no doubt , about your father and your uncle ?
that was in August ; dear me ! the same year I came from college .
he could not think that he had played a handsome part .
and I opened my plot to him .
no , Mr David , I am afraid your scheme is inadmissible .
now I put it to you : is it wise to meet ?
he may have matters to his charge .
he may not have told you all .
accordingly these two went on ahead in very close talk , and Torrance and I brought up the rear .
night was quite come when we came in view of the house of Shaws .
for some time Alan volleyed upon the door , and his knocking only roused the echoes of the house and neighbourhood .
what brings ye here ?
now I will tell you what I am thinking .
my uncle cleared his throat .
my uncle made no answer , but shifted uneasily on his seat .
about my clear duty to my friend , the lawyer had no doubt .
there , you would be in the same pickle as Mr Thomson 's kinsman .
I think it would be needless to refer to Mr Thomson .
Alan and I went slowly forward upon our way , having little heart either to walk or speak .
the hand of Providence brought me in my drifting to the very doors of the British Linen Company 's bank .
transcribed by David Price , email @email@
once upon a time there was a little chimney-sweep , and his name was Tom .
he had never been taught to say his prayers .
and he would have apprentices , one , two , three , if he could .
one day a smart little groom rode into the court where Tom lived .
now , I dare say , you never got up at three o'clock on a midsummer morning .
all else was silent .
soon they came up with a poor Irishwoman , trudging along with a bundle at her back .
and there Grimes stopped , and looked ; and Tom looked too .
but Grimes was not wondering at all .
Tom was picking the flowers as fast as he could .
but when he got into the meadow , the woman was not there .
had she hidden away ?
there was no place to hide in .
and now they had gone three miles and more , and came to Sir John 's lodge-gates .
but he was puzzled very much by a strange murmuring noise , which followed them all the way .
and Grimes laughed again , and then the two men began talking , quite low .
and at that they both laughed again , and thought it a very good joke .
these last were very difficult questions to answer .
for the attics were Anglo-Saxon .
the second Cinque-cento .
the right wing Pure Doric .
the grand staircase was copied from the Catacombs at Rome .
the cellars were copied from the caves of Elephanta .
Tom had never seen the like .
there were pictures of ladies and gentlemen , and pictures of horses and dogs .
that was a very pretty picture , Tom thought , to hang in a lady 's room .
for he could see that it was a lady 's room by the dresses which lay about .
the other picture was that of a man nailed to a cross , which surprised Tom much .
but why was it there ?
but why should the lady have such a sad picture as that in her room ?
and then , looking toward the bed , he saw that dirty lady , and held his breath with astonishment .
she cannot be dirty .
she never could have been dirty , thought Tom to himself .
he turned on it angrily .
what did such a little black ape want in that sweet young lady 's room ?
but she did not hold him .
he did not need to drop out , though he would have done so bravely enough .
but how to get out was the difficult matter .
now , Tom was a cunning little fellow as cunning as an old Exmoor stag .
she had kept ahead of every one the whole time ; and yet she neither walked nor ran .
for she went quietly over the wall after Tom , and followed him wherever he went .
but his wife had heard that so often that she knew all about it , and a little more .
but he could see nothing to eat anywhere , and still less to drink .
as Tom looked down , he saw that it was a woman in a red petticoat .
ah ! perhaps she would give him something to eat .
and there were the church-bells ringing again .
surely there must be a village down there .
well , nobody would know him , or what had happened at the Place .
shrink from me , turn from me , mother and child .
and still he thought he could throw a stone into the garden .
then bump down a two-foot step of limestone .
then bump down a one-foot step .
and yet he thought he could throw a stone into the old woman 's garden .
he did not know that it was three hundred feet below .
but he was getting terribly tired now .
there has been a great black smudge all down the crag ever since .
at last he got to the bottom .
he could not get on .
the sun was burning , and yet he felt chill all over .
he was quite empty , and yet he felt quite sick .
he lay down on the grass till the beetles ran over him , and the flies settled on his nose .
and Tom sank down upon the door-step , and laid his head against the post .
Tom drank the milk off at one draught , and then looked up , revived .
why , God 's guided the bairn , because he was innocent !
who ever heard the like , if God hadn't led him ?
if thou wert a bit cleaner I 'd put thee in my own bed , for the Lord 's sake .
but Tom did not fall asleep .
but the people would never let him come in , all over soot and dirt like that .
he must go to the river and wash first .
then all the fairies laughed for joy at the thought that they had a little brother coming .
and their Queen floated away down the river ; and whither she went , thither she came .
it was merely that the fairies took him .
some people think that there are no fairies .
Cousin Cramchild tells little folks so in his Conversations .
well , perhaps there are none in Boston , U.S. , where he was raised .
well , perhaps there are none in her political economy .
and yet , after all , there is no need for that .
you don't see the logic of that ?
but she altered her mind the next day .
but that was all .
but that was why cunning old Sir John started at five in the morning .
but if the dog said so , it must be true .
then he said -
when they came to the old dame 's school , all the children came out to see .
Whereat the old dame broke out crying , without letting him finish his story .
and then she told Sir John all .
and then they knew as much about it all as there was any need to know .
in fact , the fairies had turned him into a water-baby .
you never heard of a water-baby .
that is the very reason why this story was written .
how do you know that ?
have you been there to see ?
that 's not always true .
let him answer that .
am I in earnest ?
oh dear no !
they were utterly mistaken .
we will hope Tom will be wiser , now he has got safe out of his sooty old shell .
some people , no doubt , would do so .
it takes all sorts , they say , to make a world .
Tom was now quite amphibious .
you do not know what that means ?
Adjective , derived from two Greek words , amphi , a fish , and bios , a beast .
he did not remember having ever been dirty .
then have you lived before ?
my dear child , who can tell ?
there , you can know no more than that .
but if I was you , I would believe that .
but Tom was very happy in the water .
but we do not know what one-tenth of the water-things eat ; so we are not answerable for the water-babies .
then sometimes he came to a deep still reach ; and there he saw the water-forests .
and what do you think he was doing ?
what a shame !
so Tom swam away .
it did not hurt him much ; but it held him quite tight .
Tom promised to let him alone , and he let go .
don't speak to me .
I am sure I shall split .
Tom stood still , and watched him .
Tom was so astonished that he never said a word but he stared with all his eyes .
and he went up to the top of the water too , and peeped out to see what would happen .
and as the creature sat in the warm bright sun , a wonderful change came over it .
I know what I shall do .
and he flew away into the air , and began catching gnats .
I have no one to play with , and I am so lonely here .
I must just go and see after my wife for a few minutes .
and he popped himself down on Tom 's knee , and began chatting away in his squeaking voice .
it 's a low place .
so I turned respectable , and came up to the top , and put on this gray suit .
but I 'm tired of it , that 's the truth .
but he did not answer .
and if he did not care , why nobody else cared either .
but one day Tom had a new adventure .
they speared my poor dear husband as he went out to find something for me to eat .
but they speared him , poor fellow , and I saw them carrying him away upon a pole .
and , as he thought , he longed to go and see them .
and once he set off to go down the stream .
and then , on the evening of a very hot day , he saw a sight .
Tom could hardly stand against the stream , and hid behind a rock .
what a jolly thunderstorm !
come along , children , never mind those nasty eels : we shall breakfast on salmon to-morrow .
and when the daylight came , Tom found himself out in the salmon river .
and what sort of a river was it ?
then you fish the pool all over , and never get a rise .
it was none of these , the salmon stream at Harthover .
but Tom thought nothing about what the river was like .
all his fancy was , to get down to the wide wide sea .
and there he stopped .
he got a little frightened .
if I go on into it I shall surely lose my way , or some strange thing will bite me .
surely he must be the salmon , the king of all the fish .
you must know that this was the salmon 's wife .
I have met one or two creatures like you before , and found them very agreeable and well-behaved .
I hope we shall not be in your way here .
what a well-bred old salmon he was !
and , as he went , he had a very strange adventure .
suddenly , he saw a beautiful sight .
Tom came to the top , to look at this wonderful light nearer , and made a splash .
and it all began to come back to him .
into the swift river he sank , and rolled over and over in the current .
at last he screwed up his courage and swam down to him .
then he went nearer .
he grew more and more curious , he could not tell why .
he must go and look at him .
what a nasty troublesome one he will be !
in the afternoon Tom went back again .
but it could not be .
what has been once can never come over again .
and people can be little babies , even water-babies , only once in their lives .
and then he found to his surprise , the stream turned round , and running up inland .
he did not care now for the tide being against him .
and he sat down at the bottom of the sea , and cried salt tears from sheer disappointment .
yes ; perhaps we have seen the water-babies .
and they floated away , the happy stupid things , and all went ashore upon the sands .
I meant to go to the Chesapeake , and I 'm afraid I 've got wrong somehow .
dear me ! it was all by following that pleasant warm water .
but of course Tom did not know that .
but the water-babies helped me from among them , and set me free again .
the water-babies close to him , and yet he could not find one .
but one day among the rocks he found a playfellow .
Tom asked him about water-babies .
he had seen them often .
but he did not think much of them .
they were meddlesome little creatures , that went about helping fish and shells which got into scrapes .
he had lived quite long enough in the world to take care of himself .
so nobody must know where My Lady went .
but little Ellie was not satisfied with them at all .
nothing is to be depended on but the great hippopotamus test .
what an advantage it is to be men of the world !
from all which you may guess that the professor was not the least of little Ellie 's opinion .
and he took him out .
what was he to do ?
he would have liked , of course , to have taken Tom home in a bucket .
he would not have put him in spirits .
of course not .
but what would all the learned men say to him after his speech at the British Association ?
and what would Ellie say , after what he had just told her ?
but he was of a different opinion .
and she jumped down off the rock , to try and catch Tom before he slipped into the sea .
and this is why they say that no one has ever yet seen a water- baby .
but the doctors never heard them .
but that would not do .
Bumpsterhausen 's blue follicles would not stir an inch out of his encephalo digital region .
Hippocrates , Aretaeus , Celsus , Coelius Aurelianus , And Galen .
but it didn't .
a ram 's brain boiled in spice .
Hares ' ears .
Salts and senna .
Bucketings with cold water .
Bumpsterhausen 's blue follicles stuck there still .
champagne and turtle .
red herrings and soda water .
but that would not do .
only they could not find out what it was .
Holloway 's Ointment .
Holloway 's Pills .
Morison 's Pills .
Parr 's Life Pills .
Madame Rachel 's Elixir of Youth .
Hermopathy , or pouring mercury down his throat to move the animal spirits .
he slipped away off the rocks into the water , as I said before .
but he could not help thinking of little Ellie .
that is not surprising : size has nothing to do with kindred .
but the lobster was so stupid and clumsy that he couldn't hit the hole .
and she crawled all over the pot to get in .
but the lobster would not let go .
and that was the end of the wicked otter .
but the lobster would not let go .
and that was true , for Tom felt some one above beginning to haul up the pot .
but the lobster would not let go .
Tom saw the fisherman haul him up to the boat-side , and thought it was all up with him .
Tom asked the lobster why he never thought of letting go .
he said very determinedly that it was a point of honour among lobsters .
so to the Mewstone he went , and for lobsters he looked .
then he tried to get his hook in with his other hand ; but the hole was too narrow .
then he pulled again ; but he could not stand the pain .
but the old fairy with the birch rod soon undeceives them .
you are a new baby !
but they did not want any introductions there under the water .
there are hundreds of us about the rocks .
and where is the home of the water-babies ?
In St Brandan 's fairy isle .
but the fairies took to the water-babies , and taught them their lessons themselves .
and , if you don't quite believe me , then just think What is more cheap and plentiful than sea-rock ?
Tom had never opened his lips ; so he was very much taken aback indeed .
so there is no use trying to hide anything from me .
if I tried not to do it , I should do it all the same .
and Tom smiled in her face , she looked so pleasant for the moment .
Tom hung down his head , and got very red about the ears .
it will be a very good warning for him to begin with , before he goes to school .
it is the old lady wheeling the maids about in perambulators .
and by that time she was so tired , she had to go to luncheon .
there are others : but that is the one which principally concerns little boys .
I saw him fall into the water long ago ; so I surely expected he would have been here .
but she was not angry with him .
Whereat all the little children began dancing and clapping their hands , and Tom danced too with all his might .
and Tom stood staring at them ; for he could not understand what it was all about .
and when he woke she was telling the children a story .
what a silly song for a fairy to sing !
and what silly water-babies to be quite delighted at it !
well , but you see they have not the advantage of Aunt Agitate 's Arguments in the sea-land down below .
I know some people will only laugh at it , and call it much ado about nothing .
being quite comfortable is a very good thing ; but it does not make people good .
and I am very sorry to say that this happened to little Tom .
well , I know .
perhaps she wishes people to keep their fingers out of the fire , by having them burned .
but all she said was :
but she said it to herself , and Tom neither heard nor saw her .
but what did the strange fairy do when she saw all her lollipops eaten ?
you may watch her at work if you know where to find her .
but you will never see her do that .
did she question him , hurry him , frighten him , threaten him , to make him confess ?
what could Tom do now but go away and hide in a corner and cry ?
to a very beautiful place , she said .
but what was the beautiful place like , and where was it ?
ah ! that is just what she could not say .
and of course that only made Tom the more anxious to go likewise .
so when the fairy , Mrs Bedonebyasyoudid , came next , Tom asked her .
but , when they try it , they get just the same answer as Tom did .
Tom was very unhappy at that .
I don't like him , that 's certain .
and if I find him , he will turn me into a chimney-sweep again , I know .
little Ellie opened her eyes very wide at that , and they were all brimming over with tears .
who was frightened then but Tom ?
but if you don't , I will make you like it .
I let the smoke come out of the mountain ; and wherever there is smoke there is fire .
and she turned over the next five hundred years .
and there they were all living up in trees , and making nests to keep off the rain .
and underneath the trees lions were prowling about .
and she turned over the next five hundred years .
the children were very much surprised , and asked the fairy whether that was her doing .
and , when she turned over the next five hundred years , it was true .
then the fairy turned over the next five hundred years .
they have almost forgotten , too , how to talk .
and that was the end of the great and jolly nation of the Doasyoulikes .
well , perhaps they are right ; and perhaps , again , they are wrong .
you were very near being turned into a beast once or twice , little Tom .
and she shook hands with him , and bade him good-bye .
he was still too far down south .
there ; take a hint .
and there he saw the last of the Gairfowl , standing up on the Allalonestones all alone .
it is quite refreshing nowadays to see anything without wings .
they must all have wings , forsooth , now , every new upstart sort of bird , and fly .
what can they want with flying , and raising themselves above their proper station in life ?
and I am the last of my family .
once we were a great nation , and spread over all the Northern Isles .
well but what was I saying ?
and the poor old lady sighed .
let me see I am sure that is really , my poor old brains are getting quite puzzled .
do you want Shiny Wall ?
then come with us , and we will show you .
Tom was delighted , and swam off to them , after he had made his bow to the Gairfowl .
that is what Tom will see , and perhaps you and I shall see it too .
and now Tom was all agog to start for Shiny Wall ; but the petrels said no .
and Mrs Bedonebyasyoudid settled her account with the wicked hoodies .
and yet he was not a bit frightened .
why should he be ?
he was a brave English lad , whose business is to go out and see all the world .
and , when she saw Tom , she looked at him very kindly .
Tom told her his errand , and asked the way to the Other-end-of- Nowhere .
and , as Tom looked into her great blue eyes , he recollected the way perfectly .
but I am not going to trouble myself to make things , my little dear .
and he was quite right .
one was called Prometheus , because he always looked before him , and boasted that he was wise beforehand .
for so it happened to Tom likewise .
CHAPTER VIII AND LAST
and really Tom did not know ; but the suspicious old bogy would not believe him .
but after a while Tom began to understand a little .
whereby it comes to pass that the rocks are full of metal .
let them go on .
Dr Letheby and Dr Hassall cannot catch them , though they are setting traps for them all day long .
and , when he asked why , they told him they were expanding their liturgy .
but he had to take his spectacles off , Tom remarked , in order to see him plainly .
now I must go on .
this is even more important !
and that was the only song which they knew .
well , they didn't know that : all they knew was the examiner was coming .
were they not a foolish couple ?
but here comes the Examiner- of-all-Examiners .
as he went down to the shore he passed the poor turnip 's new tomb .
and there he found a little boy sitting in the middle of the road , and crying bitterly .
Tom was a little frightened at first ; for he thought it was Grimes .
I 'll do that for you .
I 'll make an impression on you !
he is going to kill me !
I am a ruined man !
then he came to a very quiet place , called Leaveheavenalone .
Tom was not astonished .
he was long past that .
and there the truncheon knocked twice , with its own head .
and he pulled in his muzzle , perhaps to look over his prison-lists .
and there he walked along the leads , till he met another truncheon , and told him his errand .
and at last they came to chimney No . @number@
now he was forced to attend .
his heart is so cold that it freezes everything that comes near him .
did I ask to be brought here into the prison ?
did I ask to be set to sweep your foul chimneys ?
did I ask to have lighted straw put under me to make me go up ?
it was Mrs Bedonebyasyoudid .
and Tom made his bow too .
then Grimes was silent awhile ; and then he looked very sad .
but it 's too late now .
but I 'm beat now , and beat I must be .
I 've made my bed , and I must lie on it .
and he cried so bitterly that Tom began crying too .
no more was it too late .
but the strange lady put it aside .
and , as for being my own master , I 've fared ill enough with that as yet .
so you think , my little man .
but you would soon forget your promise if you got back into the land-world .
I never put things into little folks ' heads which are but too likely to come there of themselves .
so she tied the bandage on his eyes with one hand , and with the other she took it off .
and what was the song which she sang ?
my dear child , what a silly notion !
therefore , as new brooms sweep clean , we may hope for some warm weather this year .
and that is the end of my story .
you know they won't ?
but you see , some folks have a great liking for those poor little efts .
but to me there is a peculiar , quiet charm in these broad meadows and gentle eminences .
I have run away from home partly to escape the importunity of these little wretches !
I inquired .
after that , it falls into its true place , quietly enough .
how were they to be purified ?
how was the blessed sunshine to be thrown into them ?
the objectionable characteristics seem to be a parasitical growth , having no essential connection with the original fable .
a few years will do all that is necessary towards showing him the truth in both respects .
squash Blossom , Blue Eye , Plantain , and Buttercup have had the scarlet fever , but came easily through it .
his mother 's name was Aethra .
as for his father , the boy had never seen him .
Theseus persisted in inquiring .
the little fellow had a great opinion of his own strength .
it seemed to be rooted into the ground .
she could not help being sorrowful at finding him already so impatient to begin his adventures in the world .
meanwhile the rock seemed to be sinking farther and farther into the ground .
it was not more than a year afterwards when they were again sitting on the moss-covered stone .
the eyes of Theseus glowed with enthusiasm , and he would hardly sit still to hear his mother speak .
I feel myself a man !
then Theseus bent himself in good earnest to the task , and strained every sinew , with manly strength and resolution .
he put his whole brave heart into the effort .
he wrestled with the big and sluggish stone , as if it had been a living enemy .
the great rock stirred !
while taking breath , he looked joyfully at his mother , and she smiled upon him through her tears .
within the cavity lay a sword , with a golden hilt , and a pair of sandals .
another of these robbers , named Scinis , must likewise have been a very great scoundrel .
his fame traveled faster than he did , and reached Athens before him .
yet this was the truth .
in reply to this question , the wicked Medea put in her word .
as I have already told you , she was a famous enchantress .
your majesty is well aware that I sometimes amuse myself by distilling very powerful medicines .
observing this , Medea looked round at the nephews , and smiled again .
there he sat on his magnificent throne , a dazzling crown on his head , and a scepter in his hand .
and this was what Theseus resolved to do .
the cunning Medea observed what was passing in the young man 's mind .
the wretch lives too long !
now King Aegeus had been gazing earnestly at the young stranger , as he drew near the throne .
he made up his mind , therefore , to let Theseus drink off the poisoned wine .
I am proud to show hospitality to so heroic a youth .
this is the very sword with which he meant to slay you .
Theseus held out his hand to take the wine .
but , before he touched it , King Aegeus trembled again .
his eyes had fallen on the gold-hilted sword that hung at the young man 's side .
he drew back the goblet .
and now Prince Theseus was taken into great favor by his royal father .
this is the wofulest anniversary in the whole year .
and finally , since he could not help it , King Aegeus consented to let him go .
a sorrowful multitude accompanied them to the shore .
Theseus promised that he would do so .
that sight , to be sure , made them all very grave again .
the vessel glided between the headlands of the port , and the giant resumed his march .
now , Minos was a stern and pitiless king .
he bent his shaggy brows upon the poor Athenian victims .
the seven maidens and six of the young men soon sobbed themselves to slumber .
but Theseus was not like them .
here is your own sword , which the guards deprived you of .
how this labyrinth was built is more than I can tell you .
sure enough , what an ugly monster it was !
ah ! the bull-headed villain !
was Theseus afraid ?
but Theseus by this time had leaped up , and caught the monster off his guard .
so now the battle was ended .
here is what Ariadne answered , when the brave prince of Athens besought her to accompany him :
my father is old , and has nobody but myself to love him .
hard as you think his heart is , it would break to lose me .
on the homeward voyage , the fourteen youths and damsels were in excellent spirits , as you will easily suppose .
they spent most of their time in dancing , unless when the sidelong breeze made the deck slope too much .
In due season , they came within sight of the coast of Attica , which was their native country .
you might have hidden a year-old baby under a thimble .
and , on their parts , the Pygmies loved Antaeus with as much affection as their tiny hearts could hold .
in short , as I said before , Antaeus loved the Pygmies , and the Pygmies loved Antaeus .
it was written about in the Pygmy histories , and talked about in their ancient traditions .
no other being like himself had ever been created .
no creature of his own size had ever talked with him , in thunder-like accents , face to face .
let us be kind to the old fellow .
on all their holidays , the Pygmies had excellent sport with Antaeus .
so fearless were they , that they made nothing of creeping in among the folds of his garments .
the Pygmies had but one thing to trouble them in the world .
one day the mighty Antaeus was lolling at full length among his little friends .
but soon he saw the mountain move .
don't you see I 'm sleepy ?
with every step , he looked less like a blue mountain , and more like an immensely large man .
he was soon so nigh , that there could be no possible mistake about the matter .
bestir yourself , you lazy old Giant !
so they kept shouting to him , and even went so far as to prick him with their swords .
but only think of it !
but the stranger did not seem at all disturbed .
why do you come hither ?
as for my name , it is Hercules .
his one eye was nothing but a circle of red flame .
just imagine it , my dear little friends .
forgive my tears !
Nay , I behold your own .
were we to drown the world with them , could the world blame us ?
so the Pygmies resolved to set aside all foolish punctilios , and assail their antagonist at once .
it was found necessary , therefore , to hit upon some other method of carrying on the war .
your body , my little friend , is about the size of an ordinary man 's finger .
I shall pick my steps carefully , for fear of treading upon some fifty of you , without knowing it .
Ha , ha , ha !
Ho , ho , ho !
but this is a mistake .
THE DRAGON'S TEETH .
and whence could this bull have com ?
where are you all ?
with his spotless hue , he resembled a snow drift , wafted along by the wind .
at the first thought of such a thing , Europa drew back .
and how it would surprise her brothers to see her riding across the green meadow !
it would be the quickest way of rejoining them , to get upon the white bull 's back .
and what do you think the snowy bull did next ?
but it was too late .
the whole party , therefore , set forth together .
and they kept their word .
the four boys grew up to be tall young men , with sunburnt faces .
if payment was offered , they shook their heads , and only asked for tidings of Europa .
Ho ! ho !
our sister is lost , and never will be found .
when completed , it was a sweet rural bower , roofed overhead with an arch of living boughs .
however , he had fixed upon an admirable place to dwell in .
there is no substance in the life which we are leading .
but Telephassa bade him remain there , and be happy , if his own heart would let him .
her weight was heavier upon his arm .
Thasus , however , did not spend all his days in this green bower .
he returned after a lengthened absence , and sat down wearily upon his throne .
Telephassa and Cadmus were now pursuing their weary way , with no companion but each other .
the queen leaned heavily upon her son 's arm , and could walk only a few miles a day .
but for all her weakness and weariness , she would not be persuaded to give up the search .
Telephassa bade him sit down on the turf beside her , and then she took his hand .
you must not wait till it is finished .
dear Cadmus , you do not comprehend me .
you must make a grave here , and lay your mother 's weary frame into it .
he therefore repressed his sorrow , and listened to her last words .
who else would have borne with my infirmities as thou hast !
it is enough .
thou shalt wander no more on this hopeless search .
he received various answers .
but his limbs were strong and active , and well accustomed to exercise .
on the slope of Mount Parnassus was the famous Delphi , whither Cadmus was going .
this Delphi was supposed to be the very midmost spot of the whole world .
but Cadmus was more fortunate than many others who went to Delphi in search of truth .
seek her no more !
but again the sighing gust of air grew into something like a hoarse voice .
he turned away from the oracle , and thought himself no wiser than when he came thither .
whenever he met anybody , the old question was at his tongue 's end .
but he smiled at himself for fancying such a thing .
perhaps she was going home to be milked .
what a weary business it was !
a home feeling stole into the heart of poor Cadmus .
the days and the years would pass over him , and find him still in this pleasant spot .
here we will build our habitations .
the brindled cow , which has led us hither , will supply us with milk .
drawing his sword , he rushed at the monster , and flung himself right into his cavernous mouth .
the next thing was to plant them .
every tooth of the dragon had produced one of these sons of deadly mischief .
the confusion spread wider and wider .
of all the thousands that began the fight , there were only five left standing .
at first , to be sure , the workmen showed a quarrelsome disposition .
and now the city was built , and there was a home in it for each of the workmen .
what should it be but the most magnificent palace that had ever been seen in the world .
his heart thrilled with delight .
they called him father , and Queen Harmonia mother .
immediately after escaping from this peril , a still greater one had befallen him .
a blue smoke went curling up from the chimney , and was almost the pleasantest part of the spectacle to Ulysses .
Ulysses tried to catch the bird .
this appeared to satisfy the bird .
I have already hinted to you what gormandizers some of the comrades of King Ulysses were .
if these can be obtained , all is well .
it hovered about Eurylochus , and almost brushed his face with its wings .
Eurylochus and a few of the others were inclined to turn back .
but Eurylochus told them that he felt as if he were walking in a dream .
this kind of dreamy feeling always comes over me before any wonderful occurrence .
the terrified mariners started back , expecting no better fate than to be torn to pieces and devoured .
let us show ourselves at once .
no warning or persuasion , however , had any effect on his companions .
Eurylochus , meanwhile , had stepped behind a pillar .
they were only less beautiful than the lady who seemed to be their mistress .
footsteps , it is true , seemed to be passing and repassing , in other parts of the palace .
she took the hand of the foremost among them , and bade him and the whole party welcome .
for this purpose , my honored guests , I have ordered a banquet to be prepared .
it was built in a perfect oval , and lighted from a crystal dome above .
ah , the gluttons and gormandizers !
you see how it was with them .
though I must needs say , the wine has a queer taste too .
but at length they began to give over , from mere incapacity to hold any more .
but it will require only the slightest exercise of magic to make the exterior conform to the hoggish disposition .
at this intelligence , all the voyagers were greatly affrighted .
wait for me here until tomorrow .
had his followers dared , they would have detained him by force .
but Ulysses had no time to waste in trying to get at the mystery .
after listening attentively , Ulysses thanked his good friend , and resumed his way .
on entering the hall , Ulysses saw the magic fountain in the center of it .
but Ulysses did not waste much time in listening to the laughter or the song .
she pointed to the web of beautifully-woven cloth in the loom .
the work had not yet gone any further .
the enchantress took Ulysses by the hand , and made him sit down upon this dazzling throne .
then , clapping her hands , she summoned the chief butler .
that good and amiable child !
at this the four maidens tittered ; whereupon the enchantress looked round at them , with an aspect of severity .
she therefore led Ulysses out of the back entrance of the palace , and showed him the swine in their sty .
the comrades of Ulysses , however , had not quite lost the remembrance of having formerly stood erect .
they are hardly worth the trouble of changing them into the human form again .
nevertheless , we will have it done , lest their bad example should corrupt the other hogs .
you must not imagine , however , that the swinish quality had entirely gone out of them .
when once it fastens itself into a person 's character , it is very difficult getting rid of it .
at this moment , the note of a bird sounded from the branch of a neighboring tree .
he and King Ulysses exchanged with one another the courtesies which belong to their elevated rank .
so he let them howl as much as they liked , but never troubled his head about them .
THE POMEGRANATE SEEDS .
mother Ceres was exceedingly fond of her daughter Proserpina , and seldom let her go alone into the fields .
but you must take care not to stray away from them , nor go wandering about the fields by yourself .
if it were not for that , we should look like bunches of uprooted seaweed dried in the sun .
the air to-day is a little too dry for our comfort .
it was a large shrub , completely covered with the most magnificent flowers in the world .
what a deep-rooted plant it was !
did the roots extend down into some enchanted cavern ?
as soon as this personage saw the affrighted Proserpina , he beckoned her to come a little nearer .
but Proserpina was so alarmed , that she wished for nothing but to get out of his reach .
but her voice was too faint for her mother to hear .
in a moment , Proserpina lost sight of the pleasant vale of Enna , in which she had always dwelt .
as they rode on , the stranger did his best to soothe her .
what ! you have been gathering flowers ?
can you guess who I am ?
they call my name Pluto ; and I am the king of diamonds and all other precious stones .
do you see this splendid crown upon my head ?
you may have it for a plaything .
but King Pluto , as he called himself , only shouted to his steeds to go faster .
King Pluto had taken a road which now began to grow excessively gloomy .
do you see that tall gateway before us ?
when we pass those gates , we are at home .
down , Cerberus !
not far from the gateway , they came to a bridge , which seemed to be built of iron .
Pluto stopped the chariot , and bade Proserpina look at the stream which was gliding so lazily beneath it .
that dear , dear mother !
here we are just at the portal .
but nobody told her anything that would enable the poor mother to guess what had become of Proserpina .
the stupid people !
so she lighted a torch , and set forth , resolving never to come back until Proserpina was discovered .
but not one of these leafy damsels had seen Proserpina .
in all the world , since her daughter 's loss , she had found no other companion .
the dismal Hecate did not much like the idea of going abroad into the sunny world .
he is a gay , light , frivolous young fellow , and will only smile in your face .
Gold , diamonds , pearls , and all manner of precious stones will be your daughter 's ordinary playthings .
what are all the splendors you speak of without affection ?
I must have her back again .
besides , I am not upon the best of terms with King Pluto .
but Ceres shook her head , and hastened away , along with Hecate .
her case , on the contrary , looked more desperate than ever .
then , indeed , she would stand and gaze at them with tears in her eyes .
well ; I will be the nurse of this poor , sickly boy .
she undressed the little prince , and bathed him all over with some fragrant liquid out of a vase .
she then raked the ashes over him , and turned quietly away .
but you have ruined your own son .
the weak tenderness of his mother has cost the poor boy an immortality .
he never slept so warmly again .
but now , having nothing else to busy herself about , she became just as wretched as before .
she even forbade the flowers to bloom , lest somebody 's heart should be cheered by their beauty .
the rich man 's broad acres and the cottager's small garden patch were equally blighted .
every little girl 's flower bed showed nothing but dry stalks .
the immense palace had a thousand rooms , and was full of beautiful and wonderful objects .
the inhabitants all felt this , and King Pluto more than any of them .
and the best thing you can now do is , to let me go again .
you are too fond of living in the broad daylight , and gathering flowers .
what an idle and childish taste that is !
King Pluto gazed after her , and wished that he , too , was a child .
are you not terribly hungry ?
he set down the golden salver , with the wizened pomegranate upon it , and left the room .
but there was no choice of such things in King Pluto 's palace .
dear me ! what an everlasting pity !
at the first noise of their entrance , Proserpina withdrew the pomegranate from her mouth .
as for honest Pluto , he never guessed at the secret .
I give you your liberty .
go with Quicksilver .
the violets gushed up along the wayside .
and Proserpina came running , and flung herself upon her mother 's bosom .
their mutual transport is not to be described .
the instant I tasted it , King Pluto and Quicksilver came into the room .
you are but half restored to your mother .
THE GOLDEN FLEECE .
this learned person was one of the people , or quadrupeds , called Centaurs .
I wonder what the blacksmith charged him for a set of iron shoes ?
they were handsomely embroidered , and were tied upon his feet with strings of gold .
in short , the swollen river had already done a great deal of mischief .
but Jason , by this time , had grown ashamed of his reluctance to help her .
as for the peacock , it alighted on the old dame 's shoulder .
it rushed past , however , without touching him .
there was no time , just then , to inquire what the Speaking Oak had said .
there is your path .
go along , my good Jason , and my blessing go with you .
when the old dame and her peacock were out of sight , Jason set forward on his journey .
besides , he could hear them whispering to one another .
here he is at last !
whence has he come ?
what does he mean to do ?
when Jason said this , the king gave a quick startled glance down at his feet .
it gives me great delight to see one of his scholars at my court .
like an upright and honorable prince as he was , he determined to speak out the real truth .
therefore , after a moment 's consideration , he spoke up , with a firm and manly voice .
in the first place it would be necessary to make a long voyage through unknown seas .
the eyes of King Pelias sparkled with joy , therefore , when he heard Jason 's reply .
this wonderful tree stood in the center of an ancient wood .
the sound grew louder , and became like the roar of a high wind .
then the voice melted again into the indistinct murmur of the rustling leaves , and died gradually away .
accordingly , Jason took the branch at its word , and lopped it off the tree .
a carver in the neighborhood engaged to make the figurehead .
the right arm was extended , as if pointing onward .
Jason had been looking straight into the face of the image when these words were spoken .
but he could hardly believe either his ears or his eyes .
and Jason himself would be the fiftieth .
at this news , the adventurous youths , all over the country , began to bestir themselves .
the mighty Hercules , whose shoulders afterwards upheld the sky , was one of them .
Jason appointed Tiphys to be helmsman because he was a star-gazer , and knew the points of the compass .
to confess the truth , few people believed him when he said it .
at the first ringing note of the music , they felt the vessel stir .
one of the children , whose name was Helle , fell into the sea and was drowned .
there was no lack of wonderful events , as you may judge from what you have already heard .
these ugly wretches were in the habit of snatching away his dinner , and allowed him no peace of his life .
these feathers were the steel-headed arrows that had so tormented them .
so he ran to the galley as fast as his legs would carry him .
we are in great peril from a flock of birds , who are shooting us with their steel-pointed feathers .
ah , brave Jason , turn back before it is too late .
why , what a foolhardy , self-conceited coxcomb he is !
we 'll see what my fire-breathing bulls will do for him .
while the king talked with Jason , a beautiful young woman was standing behind the throne .
gazing at Medea , he beheld a wonderful intelligence in her face .
but how can you help me to do the things of which you speak ?
I am an enchantress .
the young man assured her that his heart would not fail him .
at the appointed hour he met the beautiful Medea on the marble steps of the king 's palace .
after entering the pasture , the princess paused and looked around .
it will be excellent sport , I assure you , when they catch a glimpse of your figure .
it makes a holiday in Colchis whenever such a thing happens .
for my part , I enjoy it immensely .
now he could see glowing sparks , and vivid jets of flame .
their breath scorched the herbage before them .
well , he must have been wonderfully strong in his arms , to be sure .
these bright objects sprouted higher , and proved to be the steel heads of spears .
the first look that they gave at the upper world was a glare of wrath and defiance .
lead us to the charge !
Medea , however , bade him snatch up a stone from the ground .
and there was the end of the army that had sprouted from the dragon 's teeth .
that fierce and feverish fight was the only enjoyment which they had tasted on this beautiful earth .
agreeably to Medea 's advice , Jason went betimes in the morning to the palace of King Aetes .
entering the presence chamber , he stood at the foot of the throne , and made a low obeisance .
Jason left the king 's presence in great sorrow and anger .
an antelope , that probably mistook the yellow radiance for sunrise , came bounding fleetly through the grove .
Jason answered only by drawing his sword , and making a step forward .
as it approached , Medea tossed the contents of the gold box right down the monster 's wide-open throat .
with one bound , he leaped aboard .
Lucy Maud Montgomery Short Stories , @number@ to @number@
she achieved international fame in her lifetime , putting Prince Edward Island and Canada on the world literary map .
she published some @number@ short stories and poems and twenty novels before her death in @number@
the Project Gutenberg collection of her short stories was gathered from numerous sources and is presented in chronological publishing order :
short Stories @number@ to @number@
Dan Phillips had been on the pond ever since sunrise .
that big spotted one must weigh near a pound .
he 's a beauty .
they 're a good price over at the hotels now , too .
I 'll go home and get my dinner and go straight over with them .
that 'll leave me time for another try at them about sunset .
I must take Ella May home a bunch of them blue flags .
Dan , who was old and steady for his years , had gone manfully to work to assist his mother .
for the last two years , however , his most profitable source of summer income had been the trout pond .
still , it did not cross his mind that there could be any particular reason for this .
Dan was an enterprising boy , and a general favourite with the hotel owners .
they knew that he could always be depended on .
Mrs Phillips met him at the door when he reached home .
I ought to get a good price for these , I can tell you .
I 'm afraid you 'll get sun-struck or something .
a fellow must put up with some inconveniences .
wait till I bring home the money for these fish .
and I mean to have another catch tonight .
if I could only get a good place you could take it easier .
I ain't big enough .
he picked up his flags and went into the little room where his sister lay .
thank you ever so much !
you shall just live and sleep among posies .
Trouting 's hungry work , I tell you .
he picked up a folded newspaper from the table .
it 's four weeks old , but I kept it to read if I ever get time .
but I haven't looked at it yet .
anyone found fishing on my pond at Carleton after date will be prosecuted according to law , without respect of persons .
Dan went and carefully closed the door of Ella May 's room before he replied .
I never thought .
but if this is so , there 's only one thing to be done .
he is a dreadfully hard man .
besides , Danny , it 's the only right thing to do .
you know that .
I was only scared at first .
I 'll tell you what I 'll do .
he would never subject her to the added ordeal of an interview with the stern factory owner .
it would worry her .
the newcomer nodded familiarly to Dan .
Sam French gave a long whistle of surprise .
you surely ain't thinking of trying for that place , are you ?
Walters wouldn't look at you .
why , he wouldn't take me !
he never goes near the pond himself .
do you think I 'd have gone near the pond if I had ?
Sam French stopped short in the dusty road and stared at Dan in undisguised amazement .
why , he 'll put you in jail .
you don't know what sort of a man he is .
you ain't done no harm .
but just let the matter drop and hold your tongue about it .
I mean to go by hers .
you needn't argue no more , Sam .
so long , Danny !
Dan was not greatly encouraged by this interview .
he shrank more than ever from the thought of facing the stern factory owner .
his courage had almost evaporated when he entered the office at the factory and asked shakily for Mr Walters .
the clerk swung himself impatiently from his stool and ushered Dan into Mr Walters 's private office .
Dan , dizzy and trembling , stood in the dreaded presence .
Mr Walters was writing at a table covered with a businesslike litter of papers .
he was a stern-looking man with deep-set grey eyes and a square , clean-shaven chin .
Dan had carefully thought out a statement of facts beforehand , but every word had vanished from his memory .
he did not sit down .
an amused , puzzled expression crossed Mr Walters 's noncommittal face .
he pushed the leather chair forward .
you 've been fishing on my pond , you say .
Dan sat down more composedly .
the revelation was over and he was still alive .
we hardly ever see an Advertiser , and nobody told me .
I used to sell them over at the hotels .
Mr Walters passed his hand across his mouth to conceal something like a smile .
Mr Walters took up his pen and drew a blank sheet towards him .
however , I hardly think you 'll do much damage .
you can keep on fishing there .
he could hardly believe his ears .
he took the slip of paper Mr Walters handed to him and rose to his feet .
there was a brief silence .
Mr Walters thrummed meditatively on the table .
Dan waited wonderingly .
I want it filled as soon as possible .
you are rather young , but the duties are not hard or difficult to learn .
I think you 'll do .
I believe I have found him .
perhaps I know more about you than you think .
businessmen must keep their eyes open .
we 'll regard this matter as settled then .
come up tomorrow at eight o'clock .
you have perhaps heard that I am an unjust and hard master .
you might easily have deceived me in this matter .
take those trout up to my house and leave them .
that will do .
Dan somehow got his dazed self through the glass door and out of the building .
I 'll stick to her motto .
Christmas came on Sunday that year and the Saturday evening mail at Chestnut Terrace had been an exciting one .
no . @number@ Chestnut Terrace was overrun with girls generally .
as for Jean Lawrence , she was an orphan , and had no home of her own .
think of that , girls !
she must feel lonely now when everybody else is being remembered by their friends .
I can't forget her face tonight ; it actually haunts me .
a little silence followed .
to tell the truth , none of them liked Miss Allen .
let us give Miss Allen a Christmas surprise .
she has not received a single present and I 'm sure she feels lonely .
her room looked dreadfully bare and cheerless , too .
I think she is very poor .
the other girls caught her spirit and entered into the plan with enthusiasm .
haven't we been horribly selfish thinking of nothing but our own gifts and fun and pleasure ?
five minutes later five capped and jacketed figures were scurrying up the street in the frosty , starlit December dusk .
miss Allen in her cold little room heard their gay voices and sighed .
she was crying by herself in the dark .
it was Christmas for everybody but her , she thought drearily .
in an hour the girls came back with their purchases .
that was really all I could afford .
while the others chatted over their parcels Jean wrote her letter , and Jean could write delightful letters .
she put her best into Miss Allen 's Christmas letter .
all this had taken time and it was past eleven o'clock .
outside of Miss Allen 's door the procession halted and the girls silently arranged their gifts on the floor .
it was in the early morning that Miss Allen opened her door .
that lady 's face was a study .
amazement , incredulity , wonder , chased each other over it , succeeded by a glow of pleasure .
on the floor before her was a snug little pyramid of parcels topped by Jean 's letter .
on a chair behind it was a bowl of delicious hot-house roses and Nellie 's placard .
Miss Allen looked down the hall but saw nothing , for Jean had slammed the door just in time .
a cluster of Jean 's roses were pinned on her breast .
it was so kind and sweet of you .
breakfast was an unusually cheerful affair at No . @number@ that morning .
there was no skeleton at the feast and everybody was beaming .
Miss Allen laughed and talked like a girl herself .
I cried and laughed over it .
after breakfast everyone went to Christmas service .
the girls went uptown to the church they attended .
the city was very beautiful in the morning sunshine .
his mother was washing the breakfast dishes in a dreary , listless sort of way .
she looked tired and broken-spirited .
I can't see that it is anything for us to rejoice over .
Mary Alice , do lift that child out of the ashes and put its shoes and stockings on .
Gordon was noted for his aversion to school and his affection for holidays .
we can't have any Christmas dinner tomorrow we can't afford it .
the little Grants stood with open mouths and horrified eyes .
was the world coming to an end ?
wouldn't the government interfere if anyone ventured to dispense with a Christmas celebration ?
the gluttonous Teddy stuffed his fists into his eyes and lifted up his voice .
Mrs Grant looked pityingly at the disappointed faces about her .
we are not the only ones who will have to do without a Christmas turkey .
it 's been a hard year for you .
just wait , though .
hello , Teddy , have you got on your feet again ?
Mrs Grant got up and fell to work at her dishes with a brighter face .
they won't whine for turkey , I 'll be bound .
I don't suppose they ever tasted such a thing in all their lives .
I can't do as much as I 'd like to .
he had died the year before , and since his death the little family had had a hard time .
Keith , to hide his feelings , began to hector the rest .
here , you twin nuisances , get off to school .
he is the most abstracted creature I ever saw in my life .
it is a wonder to me he doesn't walk straight into the river some day .
never knew the difference till Ned Slocum went and told him .
Keith had collected his books and now marched his brothers and sisters off to school .
but a second interruption broke the progress of her dish-washing .
what can he want ?
but it was about time for another outbreak .
Teddy had been unnaturally good for too long a time .
Mrs Grant noticed with amusement that he wore a white straw hat in spite of the season .
his eyes were directed to her face with his usual unseeing gaze .
when he had gone Mrs Grant went in and sat down , laughing in a sort of hysterical way .
could Cornelia really have told him ?
therefore this invitation surprised Mrs Grant greatly .
it 's the Turner blood in us that does it .
the Turners were all so set .
and Mrs Grant made a final attack on the dishes with a beaming face .
the open pantry door revealed a tempting array of Christmas delicacies .
Miss Cornelia crimped the edges of her pies delicately with a relieved air .
and in spite of me he got away today in that ridiculous summer hat .
you 'd better set that jelly in the out-pantry to cool , Hannah ; it looks good .
at this juncture the hall door flew open and Mr Palmer appeared on the threshold .
Miss Cornelia 's face was a study .
what can I do ?
then she got up briskly .
I don't know that I 'm sorry , either .
but you must go straight down now and invite the Smithsons too .
when he had gone Miss Cornelia opened her heart to Hannah .
but I 'm glad it is done .
I 've been wanting for years to make up with Linda .
Linda must never know .
she 's had a hard time .
Linda returned the kiss warmly , and both felt that the old-time friendship was theirs again .
Long-suffering Miss Cornelia rescued her property and despatched Mr Palmer into the woodshed to find the shoe-brush .
then she sat down and laughed .
there 's no counting on what he 'll do next .
I owe him a huge debt of gratitude for this Christmas blunder .
what an awful mess this place is in !
it was Marian Lesley who asked the question .
they were standing in the garden under the creamy bloom of drooping acacia trees .
in every detail she satisfied his critical , fastidious taste .
there was not a discordant touch about her .
Esterbrook Elliott had always loved Marian Lesley or thought he had .
they had grown up together from childhood .
it had always been an understood thing between the two families that the boy and girl should marry .
Esterbrook accepted his mapped-out destiny and selected bride with the conviction that he was an exceptionally lucky fellow .
she had been his boyhood 's ideal .
Marian had lost her mother in childhood ; her father died when she was eighteen .
since then she had lived alone with her aunt .
her life was quiet and lonely .
Esterbrook 's companionship was all that brightened it , but it was enough .
Marian lavished on him all the rich , womanly love of her heart .
on her twenty-first birthday they were formally betrothed .
they were to be married in the following autumn .
no shadow had drifted across the heaven of her happiness .
True , at times she thought his manner lacked a lover 's passionate ardour .
he was always attentive and courteous .
were all lovers as calm and undemonstrative ?
she reproached herself for this incipient disloyalty as often as it vexingly intruded its unwelcome presence across her inner consciousness .
Marian herself was somewhat undemonstrative and reserved .
passing acquaintances called her cold and proud .
Esterbrook thought that he fully appreciated her .
this afternoon , under the acacias , they had been planning about their wedding .
there was no one to consult but themselves .
they were to be married early in September and then go abroad .
Esterbrook mapped out the details of their bridal tour with careful thoughtfulness .
they would visit all the old-world places that Marian wished to see .
afterwards they would come back home .
he did most of the planning .
Marian was content to listen in happy silence .
afterwards she had proposed this walk to the Cove .
what a Lady Bountiful you are to those people at the Cove .
when we are married you must take me in hand and teach me your creed of charity .
I 'm afraid I 've lived a rather selfish life .
you will change all that , dear .
I have never been tried or tempted severely .
Esterbrook laughed ; her faith in him was pleasant .
he had no thought but that he would prove worthy of it .
it was holiday time among the sea folks .
Marian led the way to a house apart from the others at the very edge of the shelving rock .
a weary-faced woman came forward to meet them .
he seemed quite hopeful .
sometimes she gets restless .
Marian and Esterbrook Elliott both started with involuntary surprise .
Esterbrook caught his breath like a man suddenly awakened from sleep .
she stood quite motionless .
there was no trace of embarrassment or self-consciousness in her pose .
her presence seemed to throw a strange restraint over the group .
Marian rose and went over to the cot , laying her slender hand on the hot forehead of the little sufferer .
the child opened its brown eyes questioningly .
Magdalen came over and stood beside Marian Lesley .
yes , darling , Mad'len is here right beside you .
when the mist cleared away and his head grew steadier , he wondered at himself .
the delicate bloom on Marian 's face deepened slightly .
there seemed something odd and uncanny about it to me .
she must be Mrs Barrett 's niece .
Mrs Barrett seemed troubled about her .
I had forgotten all about it until I saw the girl today .
it is not probable she will stay there long .
a princess could not have looked and bowed more royally .
there was not a shadow of embarrassment in her manner , in spite of the incongruity of her surroundings .
you had much better leave her alone , Marian .
in all probability she would resent any condescension on your part .
Esterbrook went away at sunset .
Marian asked him to remain for the evening , but he pleaded some excuse .
she thought of the girl at the Cove , with her deep eyes and wonderful face .
a chill of premonitory fear seized upon her .
he realized that the motive of the action was disloyal to Marian and he felt ashamed of his weakness .
he saw nothing of her when he reached the Cove .
far out dusky amethystine islets clustered like gems on the shining breast of the bay .
the little pools of water along the low shores glowed like mirrors of polished jacinth .
the small , pine-fringed headlands ran out into the water , cutting its lustrous blue expanse like purple wedges .
her back was towards him , and her splendid figure was outlined darkly against the vivid sky .
Esterbrook sprang from his horse and left the animal standing by itself while he walked swiftly out to her .
his heart throbbed suffocatingly .
she turned when he reached her with a slight start of surprise .
his footsteps had made no sound on the tide-rippled sand .
for a few moments they faced each other so , eyes burning into eyes with mute soul-probing and questioning .
little crisp puffs and flakes of foam scurried over the point like elfin things .
not a trace of colour appeared in her face under Esterbrook Elliott 's burning gaze .
she lifted her hand with a splendid gesture , but no word passed her lips .
he reached out his hand , but she stepped back from his touch .
you have no right to come here .
I am not blind I can see further than those dull fisher folks .
yes , I knew you would come .
she turned her steady luminous eyes on his pale , set face .
therefore , you are either false to her or insulting to me .
in either case the companionship of Magdalen Crawford is not what you must seek .
she turned away from him with an imperious gesture of dismissal .
Esterbrook Elliott stepped forward and caught one firm , white wrist .
why should you meet me like an enemy ?
the girl faced him once more .
there can be no friendship between us .
Magdalen Crawford , the fisherman 's niece , is no companion for you .
go back to the beautiful , high-bred woman you love and forget me .
perhaps you think I am talking strangely .
perhaps you think me bold and unwomanly to speak so plainly to you , a stranger .
but there are some circumstances in life when plain-speaking is best .
I do not want to see you again .
Esterbrook Elliott slowly turned from her and walked in silence back to the shore .
on his right the lights of the Cove twinkled out through the dusk .
a moment later the hoof beats of his horse died away up the shore .
he found it deserted .
she turned at the sound of his hurried foot-fall behind her .
she had loosened the rope from the wreck .
I learned to row long ago for a pastime then .
she stepped lightly into the tiny shallop and picked up an oar .
the brilliant sunshine streamed about her , burnishing the rich tints of her hair into ruddy gold .
she balanced herself to the swaying of the dory with the grace of a sea bird .
the man looking at her felt his brain reel .
his sudden spring had set it rocking violently .
Magdalen almost lost her footing and caught blindly at his arm .
as her fingers closed on his wrist a thrill as of fire shot through his every vein .
for an instant her eyes flashed defiant protest , then drooped before his .
a sudden , hot blush crimsoned her pale face .
into the face of the man watching her breathlessly flashed a triumphant , passionate joy .
he put out his hand and gently pushed her down into the seat .
his heart throbbed tumultuously .
I have never been rich , or very well educated , but it used to be different from now .
at first I thought I should die but I do not mind it now .
I have made friends with the sea ; it has taught me a great deal .
there is a kind of inspiration in the sea .
she stopped abruptly .
why should I wish to have ?
Elliott 's face contracted with a spasm of pain .
I have my own living to earn , you know .
I am very poor .
a sigh that was almost a moan broke from Esterbrook Elliott 's lips .
have you forgotten Miss Lesley ?
Esterbrook made no answer .
the breast of the bay sparkled with its countless gems like the breast of a fair woman .
the shores were purple and amethystine in the distance .
far out , bluish , phantom-like sails clustered against the pallid horizon .
the dory danced like a feather over the ripples .
they were close under the shadow of Chapel Point .
it was late when he left .
Marian watched him out of sight , standing under the acacias .
she shivered as with a sudden chill .
I wonder if Esther has already usurped my sceptre .
has that girl at the Cove , with her pale , priestess-like face and mysterious eyes , stolen his heart from me ?
perhaps not , for it may never have been mine .
but I want no pallid shadow of the love that belongs to another .
he had seen her but three times and his throbbing heart lay in the hollow of her cold white hand .
he shut his eyes and groaned .
what unutterable folly !
he was not free he was bound to another by every cord of honour and self-respect .
he groaned again and again in his misery .
in the week that followed he went to the Cove every day .
sometimes he did not see Magdalen ; at other times he did .
but at the end of the week he had conquered in the bitter , heart-crushing struggle with himself .
they were standing in the shadow of the pine-fringed point that ran out to the left of the Cove .
in the dim , reflected light the girl 's mournful face took on a weird , unearthly beauty .
she turned her eyes from Esterbrook Elliott 's set white face to the radiant gloom of the sea .
I made a mistake and I must pay the penalty of that mistake .
you and I must not meet again .
I will crush this madness to death .
I think I have been delirious ever since that day I saw you first , Magdalen .
my brain is clearer now .
I see my duty and I mean to do it at any cost .
I dare not trust myself to say more .
I have been weak too , and I deserve to atone for my weakness by suffering .
there is only one path open to us .
the man stepped forward and caught her in his arms .
she loosened his arms and stepped back proudly .
no man kisses my lips unless he is to be my husband .
Marian Lesley looked at his pale , determined face the next evening and read it like an open book .
she greeted him calmly , holding out a steady , white hand of welcome .
the knowledge made her task a little harder .
for an instant her heart thrilled with an unutterably sweet hope .
womanly pride throttled the struggling hope .
Esterbrook turned a startled face upon her .
I do not think we are as well suited to each other after all as we have fancied .
Esterbrook sprang to his feet .
I have only said what I have been thinking of late .
I am sure we have made a mistake .
it is not too late to remedy it .
you will not refuse my request , Esterbrook ?
the rigidly locked hands were clasped a little tighter .
but I know we could not make each other happy the time for that has gone by .
he looked down on her upturned face mistily .
she slipped his ring from her finger and held it out to him .
he took it mechanically .
he still felt dazed and unreal .
Marian held out her hand .
I have thought it all over carefully .
things are much better so , dear .
we will always be friends .
your joys and sorrows will be to me as my own .
when another love comes to bless your life , Esterbrook , I will be glad .
then he went out into the darkness of the summer night .
an hour later he stood alone on the little point where he had parted with Magdalen the night before .
he took Marian 's ring from his pocket and kissed it reverently .
then he threw it from him far out over the water .
Esterbrook turned his face to the Cove , lying dark and silent in the curve between the crescent headlands .
a solitary light glimmered from the low eaves of the Barrett cottage .
it was a gloomy Saturday morning .
she had no special friend at Oaklawn , and the other girls did not know much about her .
Ruth was poor and apparently friendless , but it was not her poverty that was against her .
in a few minutes the room was almost deserted .
presently Carol gave a little cry of delight .
her mother had written that she might invite any friend she wished home with her to spend the holidays .
as to whom she would ask , there could be only one answer to that .
Carol felt a quick pang of pity and self-reproach .
Ruth shook her head .
in spite of herself , the kindness of Carol 's tone brought the tears to her eyes .
she leaned forward and took Ruth 's hand in a gentle way .
Carol dropped Ruth 's hand suddenly in the shock of a sudden idea that darted into her mind .
Ruth got up quickly .
Carol Golden hardly noticed her departure .
Maud Russell was not in and Carol was glad .
she wanted to be alone and fight down that sudden idea .
I am very sorry for Ruth , of course .
it must be dreadful to be all alone like that .
but it isn't my fault .
Frank and Jack would make such fun of her .
Maud did come in presently , but Carol did not give her the invitation .
what has got into me ?
mother would think it all right , of course .
mother wrote me to invite anyone I wished to .
a fortnight later unwonted silence reigned at Oaklawn .
the girls were scattered far and wide , and Ruth Mannering and Carol Golden were at the latter 's home .
under the influence of kindness and pleasure Ruth seemed transformed into a different person .
her shyness and reserve melted away in the sunny atmosphere of the Golden home .
Ruth looked up from her book with a smile .
I think it will be very different from last .
did you ever toast marshmallows over the gas ?
look , Ruth !
Ruth peeped out of the window over Carol 's shoulder .
of course , I have never seen him before .
I have always been quite a pet of his .
his wife is dead , and so is his only daughter .
she was a lovely girl and died only two years ago .
it nearly broke Mr Swift 's heart .
there 's the bell for the second time , Mary can't have heard it .
Mr Swift started perceptibly .
child , you don't know me , but I am your Uncle Robert .
Ruth turned pale and dropped into a chair , and Mr Swift sat down beside her .
did your mother never speak of me ?
how is she ?
and I never knew !
don't cry , little girl .
I want you to tell me all about it .
I remained with my father 's people and eventually lost all trace of my sister .
one summer I was attacked by the craze for amateur photography .
it became chronic afterwards , and I and my camera have never since been parted .
that is all I need tell you about myself .
Mr Carroll had asked me to photograph his place for him when the apple orchards were in bloom .
Ned Brooke was hanging around as usual , watching us furtively .
the Brookes had a rather shady reputation .
Mr Carroll came at last , and we all went down to meet him at the gate .
Gilman Harris paid me this morning for that bit of woodland I sold him last fall five hundred dollars .
I suppose we 'd better proceed .
where shall we stand ?
Mrs Carroll sat in a chair , while her husband stood behind her .
Gertie stood on the steps with a basket of flowers in her hand , and Lilian was at one side .
then I went to my camera , slipped in the plate , gave them due warning and took off the cap .
then I took out my plate , put it in the holder and gathered up my traps .
Cecil was waiting for me , so I got in the buggy and we drove off .
the next day Cecil came in and said :
I can answer only one question last night .
the girls are in a bad way .
after tea Mr Carroll put on the coat and went to see somebody over at Netherby .
it 's not likely that they will ever see it again .
someone may pick it up , of course , but the chances are slim .
they 've been searching all day , of course .
I saw him hanging around .
afterwards , in the excitement of our cousins ' visit , the matter passed out of my mind completely .
one morning soon after they went away , I remembered the plate and decided to go and develop it .
Cecil went with me , and we shut ourselves up in our den , lit our ruby lantern and began operations .
so I left Cecil to develop it while I prepared the fixing bath .
I gasped .
and we doused the thing into the fixing bath and then sat down breathlessly and looked at each other .
I asked .
we 'll have a try , anyhow .
I 'll take two prints off when it is ready .
at last the plate was dry , and I printed two proofs .
we wrapped them up carefully and marched down to Mr Carroll 's .
Mr Carroll and Cecil took the proofs and went over to the Brooke shanty .
they found only Ned and his mother at home .
so he did not punish them at all , save by utterly discarding the whole family and their concerns .
I wrote to Aunt Lucy to expect me , made all necessary arrangements , and went to bid Nellie goodbye .
I had made up my mind to marry Nellie .
she was pleasant to look upon , without being distractingly pretty ; small and fair and womanly .
she dressed nicely , sang and played agreeably , danced well , and had a cheerful , affectionate disposition .
I had no formidable rival , and our families were anxious for the match .
I considered myself a lucky fellow .
she looked so sweet that I was on the point of asking her then and there to marry me .
as I went down the slope towards her I noticed she was tall quite too tall for my taste .
mother could not come to meet you , so she sent me .
will you be kind enough to hold my horse for a few minutes ?
taken separately , her features were good .
her expression was open and frank , and her voice clear and musical without being sweet .
she looked about twenty-two .
Nellie would never have troubled her dear , curly head over it .
I hazarded the remark that it was a fine day ; Miss Ashley gravely admitted that it was .
I tried to show her how foolish it was , but I didn't succeed .
mother thinks there must be a man at the head of affairs or they 'll never go right .
I protested .
I said I was going to take a vacation anyway , and business was not pressing just then .
father always said I was a born business manager .
you 'll find Ashley 's Mills very quiet , I 'm afraid .
it 's a sort of charmed Sleepy Hollow .
her pupils dilated into dark pools , and I rather unwillingly admitted that Miss Ashley was a fine-looking girl .
besides , I 'm used to it .
it was evident Miss Gussie held the reins of household government , and no doubt worthily .
no doubt she was strong-minded and wanted to vote .
I was quite prepared to believe anything of her .
after tea Miss Ashley proposed a walk around the premises , in order to initiate me into my duties .
she had a little air of triumph at having defeated me .
aunt Lucy was knitting on the verandah .
Pleasant , wasn't it ?
the thought seemed like disloyalty , so I banished it and went to bed .
through the window I saw Gussie in the garden digging up some geraniums .
I added slovenliness to my already long list of her demerits .
don't you know what time it is ?
the men were here three hours ago for their orders .
I was angrier than ever .
a nice beginning I had made .
my dignity was quite lost on Gussie .
just wait till I wash my hands and I 'll get you some .
there was no help for it .
we got on fairly well , however .
Gussie disappeared after dinner and I saw no more of her .
I was glad of this , but after a time I began to find it a little dull .
even a dispute would have been livelier .
I visited the mills , looked over the farm , and then carelessly asked Aunt Lucy where Miss Ashley was .
this was satisfactory , of course , highly so .
what a relief it was to be rid of that girl with her self-assertiveness and independence .
I said to myself that I hoped her friend would keep her for a week .
as usual Gussie refused to give in that she was wrong .
it was not a gracious invitation but I went , rather than be left to my own company .
she could be lively and entertaining when she chose , and at times she might be called beautiful .
still , I did not approve of her at least I thought so , most of the time .
one evening I went to prayer meeting with Aunt Lucy and Gussie .
rev . Carroll Martin had every right to see Miss Ashley home if he chose .
it was none of my business .
I don't know what kept me awake so late that night .
as a consequence I overslept myself .
I had managed to redeem my reputation on this point , but here it was lost again .
there was some unusual commotion at the well .
it was an old-fashioned open one , with a chain and windlass .
aunt Lucy was peering anxiously down its mouth , from which a ladder was sticking .
just as I got there Gussie emerged from its depths with a triumphant face .
she walked off in her wet dress with her muddy cat .
I had offended Gussie and I knew she would not be easily appeased .
nor was she .
Gussie and he held long conversations on this enthralling subject .
then Gussie went on another visit to her friend , and when she came back so did Rev Carroll .
one calm , hazy afternoon I was coming slowly up from the mills .
happening to glance at the kitchen roof , I gasped .
it was on fire in one place .
evidently the dry shingles had caught fire from a spark .
I dashed wildly into the kitchen , where Gussie was peeling apples .
Gussie dropped her knife and turned pale .
the ladder was still lying by the well .
Gussie slid down the ladder .
one day I got a letter from my sister .
it was long and newsy , and the eighth page was most interesting .
you remember that old lover of hers , Rod Allen ?
I think she likes him too .
this lifted an immense weight from my mind , but the ninth page hurled it back again .
what is she like young or old , ugly or pretty , clever or dull ?
I met a lady recently who knows her and thinks she is charming .
she also said Miss Ashley was to be married soon to Rev Something-or-Other .
Aye , was it ?
Kate 's letter made a very miserable man of me .
Gussie found me a dull companion that day .
after several vain attempts to rouse me to interest she gave it up .
that letter you got this morning looked suspicious .
I asked .
Flossie was that inseparable chum of hers .
Gussie opened her eyes at my tone .
and she needs me more than ever just now , for she is awfully busy .
didn't you know ?
they just suit each other .
there he comes now .
he 's going to drive me over , and I 'm not ready .
I never enjoyed a conversation more .
rev . Carroll Martin was a remarkably interesting man .
Nellie married Rod Allen at Christmas and I was best man .
Nellie made a charming little bride , and Rod fairly worshipped her .
my own wedding did not come off until spring , as Gussie said she could not get ready before that .
the fifth heat in the free-for-all was just over .
Clear through the noisy clamour shrilled a woman 's cry .
a man in front of her turned .
her small , modishly-gloved hand closed eagerly on it before she lifted her eyes to his face .
both started convulsively .
the man turned very pale , but the woman 's ripe-tinted face coloured darkly .
his lips parted in the coldly-grave smile she remembered and hated .
I did not come here to annoy you .
this meeting is as unexpected to me as to you .
she interrupted him by an imperious gesture .
again he smiled , this time with a tinge of scorn , and shifted his eyes to the track .
none of the people around them had noticed the little by-play .
all eyes were on the track , which was being cleared for the first heat of another race .
the free-for-all horses were being led away blanketed .
the woman noticed nothing of all this .
she was small , very pretty , still young , and gowned in a quite unmistakable way .
she studied the man 's profile furtively .
otherwise there was little change in the quiet features and somewhat stern grey eyes .
she wondered if he had cared at all .
they had not met for five years .
she shut her eyes and looked in on her past .
it all came back very vividly .
the marriage had been an unhappy one .
she was fond of society and gaiety , he wanted quiet and seclusion .
the strong wills clashed .
in the following five years she had succeeded in burying all remembrance well out of sight .
she wished that she had not come to the races .
it was such an irritating encounter .
she wondered with a vague curiosity what induced him to come to the races .
such things were not greatly in his line .
evidently their chance meeting had not disturbed him .
it was a sign that he did not care .
she sighed a little wearily and closed her eyes .
you are looking extremely well .
she was angry at herself and him .
where had her careless society manner and well-bred composure gone ?
she felt weak and hysterical .
she almost hated him .
I have found it very pleasant and I have been well very well .
he jotted down the score carefully before he replied .
I never cared for excitement , you know .
Sorry I can't stay until the end .
one more for either will decide it .
this is a good day for the races .
he leaned over and brushed a scrap of paper from her grey cloak .
she shivered slightly .
she bent forward with assumed interest to watch the scoring .
she was breathing heavily .
presently he spoke again , in the low , even tone demanded by circumstances .
besides , she resented the personal tinge .
he bent down a little .
his sleeve brushed against her shoulder .
something in his face arrested the answer she meant to make .
there was a burst of cheering .
the free-for-all horses were being brought out for the sixth heat .
she turned away to watch them .
the scoring began , and seemed likely to have no end .
she was tired of it all .
what did matter !
had Vanity Fair after all been a satisfying exchange for love ?
he had loved her once , and they had been happy at first .
their eyes met .
but the slender , scholarly hand on her shoulder was trembling with the intensity of his repressed emotion .
he did care , then .
a wild caprice flashed into her brain .
she sprang up .
this heat will probably decide the race .
she leaned forward breathlessly .
the crowd hung silently on the track .
but one woman dropped her head in her hands and dared look no more .
she straightened her scarlet hat and readjusted her veil unsteadily .
there was a smile on her lips and tears in her eyes .
no one noticed her .
a man beside her drew her hand through his arm in a quiet proprietary fashion .
they left the grand stand together .
Lilian 's Business Venture
Lilian Mitchell turned into the dry-goods store on Randall Street , just as Esther Miller and Ella Taylor came out .
they responded coldly to her greeting and exchanged significant glances as they walked away .
Lilian 's pale face crimsoned .
she was a tall , slender girl of about seventeen , and dressed in mourning .
these girls had been her close friends once .
but that was before the Mitchells had lost their money .
since then Lilian had been cut by many of her old chums and she felt it keenly .
near to her two ladies were also waiting and chatting .
it is so hard to get a good all-round one .
it is no light task to bake bread for all those boarders .
Maria cannot make it , she says , and I detest messing with jelly .
at this point a saleswoman came up to Lilian , who made her small purchases and went out .
they say they are dreadfully poor since Henry Mitchell died .
Mrs Mitchell was a delicate woman , and the burden of their situation fell on Lilian 's young shoulders .
there seemed to be no place for her .
she could not teach and had no particular talent in any line .
a minute later she whirled into the tiny sitting-room where her mother was sewing .
you have often told me I am a born cook and I always have good luck .
but have you thought it all out carefully ?
I don't think there is any disgrace in working for my living .
Early next morning Lilian started out .
she would not attempt too much , and she felt sure of success .
to secure competent servants was one of the problems of Willington people .
this was her capital , and she meant to make the most of it .
Mrs Saunders listened to her businesslike details with surprise and delight .
her birthday is Friday .
Lilian thought she had enough on hand for a first attempt and went home satisfied .
on her way she called at the grocery store with an order that surprised Mr Hooper .
when she told him of her plan he opened his eyes .
it was hard and constant work , but it brought its reward .
Lilian had not promised more than she could perform , and her customers were satisfied .
but she was too sensible to worry much over this .
but when spring came Lilian prepared to open up her summer campaign on a much larger scale .
Picnics and summer weddings were frequent .
in bread and rolls her trade was brisk and constant .
it was a cardinal rule with Lilian never to send out any article that was not up to her standard .
the long hot summer days were very trying , and sometimes she got very tired of it all .
but when on the anniversary of her first venture she made up her accounts she was well pleased .
Mrs Mitchell surveyed her busy daughter with a motherly smile .
Mrs Sefton nodded abstractedly above her fancywork .
it is a very commonplace story indeed .
I said incredulously .
I never saw anything of the sort .
I neither believe nor disbelieve .
but you know queer things do happen at times things you can't account for .
of course , they may be mistaken .
and I don't think that everybody can see spirits either , provided they are to be seen .
you really surprise me , Mary .
I always thought you the least likely person in the world to take up with such ideas .
something must have come under your observation to develop such theories in your practical head .
that is my position .
besides , in this particular instance the story isn't very exciting .
suppose two people , both sensitively organized individuals , loved each other with a love stronger than life .
that feeling wore off after a while , but she never seemed like other people to me .
her father had died when she was a child .
when Miriam was twenty her mother had married a second time and went to Europe with her husband .
Miriam came to live with us while they were away .
upon their return she was herself to be married .
her arrival was unexpected , and I was absent from home when she came .
talk about spirits !
for five seconds I thought I had seen one .
I had known that before , though I think I hardly expected to see such wonderful loveliness .
I think everyone who met her felt the same way .
yet it was a feeling hard to define .
on the contrary , it was the very reverse .
everybody liked her .
I knew she loved him very deeply .
when she showed me his photograph , I liked his appearance and said so .
then I made some teasing remark about her love-letters just for a joke , you know .
I exclaimed in astonishment .
I hear from him every day every hour .
we do not need to write letters .
I asked .
whatever her beliefs or theories were , she would never discuss them .
no matter where she was , this , whatever it was , would come over her .
I said , with a little shiver .
it makes people think there is something queer about you .
after Dick went out , I asked her if anything were wrong .
I cried .
yes , I have had a message .
I know that some accident has happened to Sidney painful and inconvenient but not particularly dangerous .
I do not know what it is .
Sidney will write me that .
I said mischievously .
she was very pale .
I tried to cheer her , but did not succeed .
she grieved and fretted continually .
anyhow , she had to content herself with the means of communication used by ordinary mortals .
the crisis was over and the doctor in attendance thought Sidney would recover .
Miriam seemed like a new creature then , and rapidly recovered her spirits .
when we returned home Miriam and I were sitting in her room , chatting over the events of the evening .
she rose to her feet and held out her hands .
she seemed as one dead .
we worked over her for hours .
at dawn Miriam came back to life at last .
when she and I were left alone , she turned to me .
Mrs Sefton paused , and the lunch bell rang .
Miss Calista 's Peppermint Bottle
Miss Calista was perplexed .
Caleb Cramp had been perfection after his kind , and Miss Calista did not expect to find his equal .
not that Miss Calista had any particular prejudice against Ches Maybin , or knew anything positively to his discredit .
there was not a person in Cooperstown who would not have heartily endorsed Miss Calista 's refusal .
it worries me somehow .
I wouldn't give it a thought if Caleb was here .
she listened breathlessly .
there was no mistake about it .
something or some person was moving about stealthily in the room below .
it must certainly be a beggar or tramp of some description .
then she tip-toed out into the hall .
an examination of the sideboard showed the precious five hundred safe and sound in an undisturbed drawer .
in the end she resolved to keep her own counsel .
she heaved a sigh of relief when she left the building .
I feel as if I could enjoy life once more , she said to herself .
the door opened , letting in a swirl of raw November evening wind and Ches Maybin .
Miss Calista lifted her head as he passed and sniffed the air as a charger who scents battle .
there had been no hint of it before Ches Maybin 's entrance .
the latter did not wait long .
he was out and striding along the shadowy road when Miss Calista left the store and drove smartly after him .
a wave of crimson , duskily perceptible under his sunburned skin , surged over Ches Maybin 's face .
it almost seemed as if he were going to blurt out a blunt refusal .
after a few minutes ' silence Miss Calista turned to her moody companion .
her clear and incisive gaze met and held irresistibly the boy 's wavering one .
the sullen obstinacy of his face relaxed .
I 've never done anything real bad in my life before , but people have always been down on me .
I 'm blamed for everything , and nobody wants anything to do with me .
I 'm willing to work , but I can't get a thing to do .
I heard you telling Mrs Galloway yesterday about the money .
I was behind the fir hedge and you didn't see me .
I 've never had any here .
a world of rebellion and protest against the fate that had always dragged him down was couched in his voice .
Miss Calista drew Dapple to a standstill before her gate .
I believe you 've told me the truth .
yesterday you wanted me to give you Caleb 's place and I refused .
well , I offer it to you now .
Ches Maybin looked incredulous .
you say you have never had a chance .
and he did .
but not all prophecies come true .
Miss Calista smiled serenely and kept on her own misguided way .
and he was .
the Jest That Failed
the idea of her consenting to be elected on the freshmen executive !
it will serve her right .
let's write it now , and send it at once .
they were a decidedly snobbish class that year .
Grace Seeley was studying Greek in her tiny room that afternoon when the invitation was brought to her .
but she was girlishly pleased at the prospect .
she thanks me for my invitation to the senior prom , and accepts with pleasure .
Grace passed him at this moment on her way to the Latin classroom .
she bowed and smiled in a friendly fashion and Sidney Hill felt decidedly uncomfortable .
what was he to do ?
in short , Grace , as much to her own surprise as anyone 's , found herself a social success .
Grace nodded .
please don't consider me as a stranger a minute longer , for Max and I are like brothers .
indeed , I owe my life to him .
your brother attended me and he managed to pull me through .
he is such a dear brother and I haven't seen him for four years .
I want you to come ever and meet my mother and sister .
and you 're really the sister of that splendid Dr Seeley who saved Murray 's life last summer ?
I must write them home all about it before I sleep , just to calm my head a bit .
I don't know when I 've met anyone I liked so much .
isn't it so brave and plucky of her !
and Sidney went upstairs and put away a single white carnation very carefully .
and , finally , Agnes Walters and Edna Hayden were discussing the matter in great mystification in their room .
she could never have afforded them herself .
and did you see the fuss his people made over her ?
I dare say he asked her long ago , and she would know our invitation was a fraud .
the Penningtons ' Girl
Winslow had been fishing or pretending to all the morning , and he was desperately thirsty .
she never could get along with them , and they left , on an average , after a fortnight 's trial .
he rowed his skiff into the shore and tied it to a fir that hung out from the bank .
her skin was very fair , somewhat freckled , and her mouth was delicious .
as for her eyes , they were grey , but beyond that simply defied description .
that was delicious .
she carried her pail into the kitchen and came out again presently with a knife and a pan of apples .
besides , as a general rule , he had been quite good friends with Mrs Pennington 's hired girls .
they had all been saucy and talkative .
this girl was evidently a new species .
the girl smiled quite broadly .
I think we 'll get along with each other .
let me give you a bit of friendly advice .
don't let the cats get into the pantry .
he and Mrs Pennington have a standing disagreement about it .
look at that black goblin sunning himself on the woodpile .
it 's time to get dinner .
he went reluctantly back to the shore and rowed across the river in a brown study .
Mrs Pennington was home the next time he went , and he asked her about her new girl .
to his surprise the good lady was unusually reticent .
she couldn't really say very much about Nelly .
no , she didn't belong anywhere near Riverside .
her father was travelling over the country somewhere .
but any man could have forgiven mistakes from such dimpled lips in such a sweet voice .
at the end of a fortnight Riverside folks began to talk about Winslow and the Penningtons ' hired girl .
wise folks shook their heads over it and wondered that Mrs Pennington allowed it .
Winslow was hopelessly in love , when he found this out he was aghast .
it would never do ; he must not go to see Nelly again .
he kept this prudent resolution for twenty-four hours and then rowed over to the West shore .
Nelly herself never seemed to be conscious of the social gulf between them .
she had broken the record by staying with Mrs Pennington four weeks , and even the cats were in subjection .
but he couldn't leave Beckwiths ' , apparently .
one day he took Nelly for a row up the river .
they went further than usual around the Bend .
everybody recognized Winslow .
Will Evans , who was an especial chum of his , ran down to the water 's edge .
come right in .
we haven't had tea yet .
Winslow 's face was crimson .
he avoided Nelly 's eye .
for three seconds Winslow hesitated .
then he pulled ashore and helped Nelly to alight on a jutting rock .
Mrs Keyton-Wells 's greeting was slightly cool , but very polite .
the other women took their cue from her , but the men were more cordial .
Mrs Keyton-Wells stiffened with horror .
the mischief was done , the social thermometer went down to zero in Nelly 's neighbourhood .
the women ignored her altogether .
Nelly 's social ostracism did not affect her appetite .
Winslow followed her .
Nelly looked at him wickedly .
Winslow said something strong under his breath as he went back to the others .
his friends drove him home in the evening on their way to the station and dropped him at the Beckwith farm .
at dusk he went moodily down to the shore .
far up the Bend was dim and shadowy and stars were shining above the wooded shores .
over the river the Pennington farmhouse lights twinkled out alluringly .
Winslow watched them until he could stand it no longer .
Nelly had made off with his skiff , but Perry Beckwith 's dory was ready to hand .
in five minutes , Winslow was grounding her on the West shore .
Nelly was sitting on a rock at the landing place .
he went over and sat down silently beside her .
did you have a good time after I left this afternoon ?
I 've loved you ever since I first saw you .
Nelly , won't you be my wife ?
of course , my family will rampage a bit at first .
I 'm not afraid of work .
I 'll write to him or go and see him .
Winslow was amazed .
the Arlington was the most exclusive and expensive hotel in town .
Winslow got up and looked at her .
are you sorry that you 're engaged to her ?
Winslow dropped back on the seat with a long breath .
why did you deceive me ?
I never thought it would come to this .
did you think I couldn't read your thoughts this afternoon , when I insisted on going ashore ?
you were a little ashamed of me you know you were .
Mrs Keyton-Wells won't snub me next time we meet .
and some way I don't think your father will turn you out , either .
you would have me tell you the story , Grandchild ?
there are always sad and dark stories in old families such as ours .
yet I have promised and must keep my word .
did I frighten you , child ?
forgive an old woman 's thoughtlessness .
for there were great doings at the Place and much coming and going .
after that I spent a part of every day with her in the Red Room .
then would I strive to banish such thoughts and chide myself for doubting one so kind to me .
when Christmas Eve drew nigh my silly head was full of the ball day and night .
yet it could not be denied they were of wondrous beauty , white as polished marble .
then she leaned down to me until her splendid eyes looked straight into my dazzled ones .
Whereat she smiled as one well pleased .
his voice had more of a husband 's command than a lover 's entreaty .
yet he came forward quietly as Alicia and the snake drew apart and stood up .
time hangs heavily in this gloomy house .
I do verily think this Red Room has an evil influence over me .
Nay , shrink not do I talk wildly ?
Tush ! never be so frightened , child forget my vagaries .
Whereat she cast herself lithely on the satin couch and turned her lovely face on me .
then her face grew tender and she sighed deeply .
when Theodosia Ford married Wesley Brooke after a courtship of three years , everybody concerned was satisfied .
there was nothing particularly romantic in either the courtship or marriage .
he was not at all handsome .
but Theodosia was a very pretty girl with the milky colouring of an auburn blonde and large china-blue eyes .
they would get along together all right .
Jim Parmelee , who was ninety , had been a small boy when this remote ancestor was still alive .
there was a little group about the blacksmith 's forge .
old Jim was in the centre .
he was a fat , twinkling-eyed old man , fresh and ruddy in spite of his ninety years .
there was always some story or other going round about old Henry 's setness .
he was Dosia 's great-grandfather , and a regular chip of the old block .
old Jim was the only croaker .
Dosia was a beautiful bride , and Wesley 's pride in her was amusingly apparent .
he thought nothing too good for her , the Heatherton people said .
this evening he was later than usual , and Theodosia had his supper kept warm for him .
she met him on the porch and kissed him .
Theodosia always remembered that moment .
Ogden Greene and Tom Cary were going to sell out and go to Manitoba .
Ogden and Tom wanted him to go too , he said .
Heatherton was a stick-in-the-mud sort of place anyhow .
he looked across the table at her , his eyes bright and questioning .
there was a little perpendicular wrinkle between her straight eyebrows .
Wesley flushed .
her face was serene , but the little wrinkle had grown deeper .
old Jim Parmelee would have known what it meant .
he had seen the same expression on old Henry Ford 's face many a time .
Wesley laughed good-humouredly , as if at a child .
his heart was suddenly set on going west , and he was sure he could soon bring Theodosia around .
he did not say anything more about it just then .
Wesley thought he knew how to manage women .
the idea was just rank foolishness , and he would soon see that himself .
Wesley still believed that he could persuade her and he tried perseveringly for a fortnight .
by the end of that time he discovered that Theodosia was not a great-great-granddaughter of old Henry Ford for nothing .
not that Theodosia ever got angry .
she met his arguments and pleadings seriously enough , but she never wavered .
Wesley was a descendant of old Henry Ford too .
Theodosia 's unexpected opposition roused all the latent stubbornness of his nature .
the matter was gossiped about in Heatherton , of course .
Theodosia 's family naturally sided with her and tried to dissuade Wesley .
one day he told Theodosia that he was going .
she was working her butter in her little , snowy-clean dairy under the great willows by the well .
Wesley was standing in the doorway , his stout , broad-shouldered figure filling up the sunlit space .
he was frowning and sullen .
Theodosia went on spatting her balls of golden butter on the print in silence .
she looked as pliable as her butter .
her silence angered her husband .
he shuffled impatiently .
but I will not .
there is no use in talking .
we 've been over the ground often enough , Wes .
now he realized that she never would .
then he dropped it with the first oath that had ever crossed his lips .
when you want to do your duty as a wife you can come to me .
he turned on his heel and strode away .
Theodosia kept on spatting her butter .
the little perpendicular wrinkle had come between her brows again .
the fortnight passed by .
Wesley was silent and sullen , never speaking to his wife when he could avoid it .
but she never spoke of his journey .
he did not sell his farm .
Irving Brooke rented it .
Theodosia was to live in the house .
the business arrangements were simple and soon concluded .
Heatherton folks gossiped a great deal .
they all condemned Theodosia .
even her own people sided against her now .
they might as well have talked to the four winds .
Theodosia was immoveable .
on the morning of Wesley 's departure Theodosia arose at sunrise and prepared a tempting breakfast .
the breakfast was a very silent meal .
the sun was not yet above the trees and the long shadows lay on the dewy grass .
the skies were all pearly blue , cleanswept of clouds .
then Wesley came up the porch steps and looked at her .
he held out his hand .
he did not offer to kiss her .
there was no tremor of an eyelash with her .
Wesley smiled bitterly and turned away .
when the wagon reached the end of the little lane he turned and looked back for the last time .
then the wagon disappeared around a curve in the road , and Theodosia turned and went back into her desolate home .
for a time there was a great buzz of gossip over the affair .
people wondered over it .
old Jim Parmelee understood better than the others .
Wesley wrote a brief letter to Theodosia when he reached his destination .
he said he was well and was looking about for the best place to settle .
he liked the country fine .
he was at a place called Red Butte and guessed he 'd locate there .
two weeks later he wrote again .
he had taken up a claim of three hundred acres .
Greene and Cary had done the same .
they were his nearest neighbours and were three miles away .
Theodosia answered his letter and told him all the Heatherton news .
at the end of a year Wesley wrote and once more asked her to go out to him .
he was getting on well , and was sure she would like the place .
it was a little rough , to be sure , but time would improve that .
Theodosia wrote back , refusing to go .
she never got any reply , nor did she write again .
people had given up talking about the matter and asking Theodosia when she was going out to Wes .
Theodosia never spoke of her husband to anyone , and it was known that they did not correspond .
she took her youngest sister to live with her .
she had her garden and hens and a cow .
most of the old people were in the little hillside burying-ground that fronted the sunrise .
old Jim Parmelee was there with his recollections of four generations .
Wesley Brooke was almost forgotten .
people knew , through correspondents of Greene and Cary , that he had prospered and grown rich .
the curious old story had crystallized into accepted history .
such a time came at last to Theodosia .
one day in August Mrs Emory Merritt dropped in .
today she looked slightly excited .
in fact , Phoebe Greene says they have very poor hopes of him .
I didn't suppose you 'd care .
she may be mistaken .
Dosia Brooke , you 're a queer woman .
Theodosia stood up .
she folded up her sewing with a steady hand .
I have a good deal to attend to .
you can ask Emory if he 'll drive me to the station in the morning .
she got up and went home in a daze .
Theodosia packed her trunk and worked all night , dry-eyed , with agony and fear tearing at her heart .
the iron will had snapped at last , like a broken reed , and fierce self-condemnation seized on her .
beyond her , Theodosia saw the white-capped nurse .
her voice trembled .
the girl nodded .
but he is very ill at present .
Theodosia put up her hand and loosened her bonnet strings as if they were choking her .
she had been sick with the fear that Wesley would be dead before she got to him .
the relief was almost overwhelming .
the nurse came forward .
she was inside the room before the nurse could prevent her .
when they fell on the occupant of the bed Theodosia started in bitter surprise .
she gave a choking cry of pain and shame , and the sick man turned his head .
their eyes met .
amazement , incredulity , hope , dread , all flashed in succession over Wesley Brooke 's lined face .
he raised himself feebly up .
Theodosia staggered across the room and fell on her knees by the bed .
she clasped his head to her breast and kissed him again and again .
I 've been a wicked , stubborn woman and I 've spoiled our lives .
he held his thin trembling arms around her and devoured her face with his eyes .
if I had thought you really cared I 'd have gone back .
but I thought you didn't .
it broke my heart .
when the young doctor from Red Butte came that evening he found a great improvement in his patient .
joy and happiness , those world-old physicians , had done what drugs and medicines had failed to do .
you didn't know I was married , did you ?
I 'll tell you the story some day .
there were no dimples now , but her smile was very sweet .
Wesley and Theodosia had joined hands with their long-lost happiness .
her roommate , Grace Maxwell , was sitting on the divan by the window , looking out into the twilight .
a year ago Bertha and Grace had come to Dartmouth to attend the Academy , and found themselves roommates .
so I went into Carter 's and invested all my spare cash in caramels .
it 's really fortunate the term is almost out , for I 'm nearly bankrupt .
there never was such a dear , sweet , jolly aunty in the world .
I had a letter from her tonight .
I want you to spend your holidays with me , my dear .
Mary Fairweather and Louise Fyshe and Lily Dennis are coming , too .
so there is just room for one more , and that one must be yourself .
as for me , I am going into Clarkman 's bookstore until school reopens .
Bertha looked surprised .
she had not known what Grace 's vacation plans were .
well , I must set to work at those algebra problems .
my head ached and I felt so stupid .
but she made no move to do so .
she was studying her friend 's face .
I believe she could not stand two months at Clarkman 's , thought Bertha .
if I were not going to Aunt Meg 's , I would ask her to go home with me .
aunt Meg would understand she always understands .
but she hasn't , so it can't be .
Just then a thought darted into Bertha 's brain .
she curled herself up on the divan and tried to study her senior English .
but her thoughts wandered hopelessly , and finally she gave it up in despair and went to bed .
there she could not sleep ; she lay awake and wrestled with herself .
next day Bertha wrote a confidential letter to Aunt Meg .
she thanked her for her invitation and then told her all about Grace .
don't think me ungrateful .
no , I 'm sure you won't , you always understand things .
I shall have to manage this affair very carefully , reflected Bertha .
grace must never suspect that I did it on purpose .
I will tell her that circumstances have prevented me from accepting Aunt Meg 's invitation .
that is true enough no need to say that the circumstances are hers , not mine .
but if I am disappointed , Aunt Meg musn't be .
in Aunt Meg 's letter was this paragraph :
Grace is writing to you , and will have told you that I intend to keep her here .
so I intend to adopt Grace .
she is the sweetest girl in the world , and I am very grateful to you for sending her here .
you will not know her when you see her .
she has grown plump and rosy .
Bertha folded her letters up with a smile .
Mrs Major Hill was in her element .
and Mrs Hill was or believed herself to be a born matchmaker .
and Violet is a beauty and a clever woman into the bargain .
he had seen more than one of his wife 's card castles fall into heartbreaking ruin .
she is twenty-five , you know .
the men all go crazy over her , but she 's dreadfully hard to please .
however , she can't help liking Ned .
he hasn't a single fault .
it was a working belief with her that it was always well to have the gods in your debt .
Violet Thayer came , saw , and conquered .
Madison was foremost in the field , of course .
Madison was really a nice fellow , and quite deserved all Mrs Hill 's encomiums .
he was good-looking and well groomed could sing and dance divinely and play the violin to perfection .
Violet liked Madison , and was very chummy with him after her own fashion .
the sixth evening after her arrival found Mrs Hill 's room crowded , as usual , with M.P.s .
Violet was talking to Madison and watching John Spencer out of the tail of her eye .
possibly this indifference piqued Miss Thayer .
possibly she considered it refreshing after the servile adulation of the M.P.s .
Robinson would have lost his head under them , but Spencer kept his heroically .
in spite of her social experience Violet felt disconcerted .
Spencer listened immovably to the music for a time .
then he turned to his companion with a palpable effort to be civilly sociable .
Violet smiled the smile most men found dangerous .
I haven't been here for some time .
have you ever visited the Reservation , Miss Thayer ?
well , you should get some of your M.P. friends to take you out .
Spencer smiled again .
so he was not going to ask her after all .
Violet felt piqued .
she was also conscious of a sensation very near akin to disappointment .
she looked across at Madison .
Spencer meanwhile had picked up one of Mrs Hill 's novels from the stand beside him .
Spencer balanced the novel reflectively on his slender brown hand .
but I don't care for novels as a rule .
I don't understand them .
Violet rose to the occasion .
Spencer turned his deep-set grey eyes squarely upon her .
I meant love in every sense .
my parents died before I can remember .
I don't make friends easily .
again he looked into her eyes .
before she could reply Mrs Hill pounced upon them .
Violet was wanted to sing .
Mr Spencer did so obligingly .
moreover , he got up and bade his hostess good night .
Violet gave him her hand .
this was a new sensation for her , and worthy of being analyzed .
after the M.P.s had gone she asked Mrs Hill who Mr Spencer was .
that 's really all I know about him .
he 's flat .
she did not mean the dimple .
Spencer had told her he was not coming back .
she did not believe this , but she did not expect him for a few days .
Spencer , seeing his chance , came straight across the room to her .
after his greeting Spencer said nothing .
he sat beside her , and they watched Mrs Hill and Madison dancing .
Violet wondered why she did not feel bored .
she got up abruptly .
they went out .
the lights of the town twinkled out below them , and the prairie bluffs behind them were dark and sibilant .
Violet reflected a moment .
Spencer put his hand over the white fingers that rested on the railing .
he bent forward until his breath stirred the tendrils of hair on her forehead .
later on , when everybody had gone , Violet had her bad quarter of an hour with Mrs Hill .
that lady felt herself aggrieved .
he felt really blue over it .
only don't turn the poor fellow 's head .
she was disgusted with everything , she declared to the Major .
things had been going so nicely , and now they were all muddled .
it 's Violet .
she is behaving abominably .
she treated poor Ned shamefully tonight .
I 'm sure I don't know what she can see in him .
Violet simply dropped everyone else , including Madison , in the coolest , most unmistakable way .
one night Spencer did not come to Lone Poplar Villa .
Violet looked for him to the last .
when she realized that he was not coming she went to the verandah to have it out with herself .
yesterday I was passing here about four in the afternoon and I saw Spencer coming in .
he was pale as the dead , and looked wild .
Violet got up .
Mrs Hill looked at Violet 's blazing eyes and wilted .
Mrs Hill began to sob .
I didn't mean an-any harm .
Violet had turned very pale .
he 's gone to Rainy River .
then Mrs Hill found herself alone with her lacerated feelings .
after soothing them with a good cry , she set to work thinking seriously .
Mrs Hill excused herself and went in .
do you remember you told me the first time we met that love would be a revelation to me ?
it has been more .
it has been a new gospel .
I hardly dared hope you could care for me .
she did not resemble either Fraser or his wife .
her features were delicate but irregular , and her skin was very brown .
nevertheless , Reeves felt somehow that Mrs Fraser did not like her husband 's niece .
he often heard her scolding or nagging Helen at her work , and noticed that the latter never answered back .
he went to Angus and his wife that afternoon .
he wished to paint a shore picture , he said , and wanted a model .
would they allow Miss Fraser to pose for him ?
he would pay liberally for her time .
Angus and his wife had no objection .
he was surprised at the sudden illumination of her face .
it almost transfigured her from a plain , sulky-looking girl into a beautiful woman .
but the glow passed quickly .
she assented to his plan quietly , almost lifelessly .
she listened in silence .
I can't tell how or why .
she turned and looked out over the bay .
a dying gleam of sunset broke through a cloud and fell across her hair .
she has possibilities , thought Reeves .
next day he began his picture .
the subject suited her well , and the picture grew apace .
she seemed to be frightened of him .
when he spoke of books he touched the right chord .
one of those transfiguring flashes he delighted to evoke now passed over her plain face .
aunt hates to see me reading .
she says it is a waste of time .
and I love it so .
she knew nothing of his world , but her own world she knew and knew well .
she was a mine of traditional history about the bay .
she knew the rocky coast by heart , and every old legend that clung to it .
they drifted into making excursions along the shore and explored its wildest retreats .
the girl had an artist 's eye for scenery and colour effect .
I hate to go there .
I believe there is something uncanny about it , but I think you will like to see it .
she was young and very pretty , and was to have been married the next week .
when the tide turned they went home .
the tide was creeping swiftly up over the white sands .
the sun was low and the bay was swimming in a pale blue glory .
then Helen was forgotten .
the summer waned swiftly .
one afternoon Reeves took a fancy to revisit the Kelpy 's Cave .
Helen could not go .
it was harvest time , and she was needed in the field .
he sprang to his feet , realizing his position instantly .
there was no way of escape .
then his head grew clearer .
he tried to think .
well , death was sure and he would meet it bravely .
he took something from his pocket and bent his , head over it , pressing his lips to it repeatedly .
how can I ever thank you ?
Helen did not notice the change in him .
she clasped her hands together and her voice trembled .
I ran down over the marsh and took Joe Simmon 's dory .
she broke off shiveringly .
I was very careless .
you must let me row back .
Helen did not speak and he could not .
when they reached the dory anchorage he helped her out .
you must go right home and rest .
Helen went away without a word , and Reeves walked slowly out to the Point .
he had never dreamed of such a thing .
he had honestly meant to help her , and what had he done ?
and of course he must go away at once .
and he must also tell her something she ought to know .
he wished he had told her long ago .
the following afternoon was a perfect one .
she sat down on a camp stool a little to one side and did not speak .
after a few moments Reeves pushed away his paraphernalia impatiently .
besides , I 'm getting lazy now that my vacation is nearly over .
he avoided looking at her , so he did not see the sudden pallor of her face .
my world will be forgetting me and that will not do .
somebody who is very dear to me will come with me as my wife .
there was a brief silence .
Helen sat very still .
he could not see her face .
did she care , after all ?
was he mistaken ?
when she spoke her voice was perfectly calm .
Helen took the portrait from his hand and looked at it steadily .
it was a miniature painted on ivory , and the face looking out from it was certainly lovely .
Elaine did , and her life went with it .
when he had finished he held the book out to her .
then she rose .
aunt will need me .
her calmness had reassured him .
the tide was just beginning to come in .
she sat down on the big boulder where Reeves had fallen asleep .
the shadows of the rocks were around her .
perhaps the kelpy understood it .
Jerome Irving had been courting Anne Stockard for fifteen years .
but that was not Jerome 's fault , poor fellow !
at the end of the first year he had asked Anne to marry him , and Anne had refused .
Anne never would go , of course , but Jerome faithfully gave her the chance .
now , in the mellowness of a fifteen-year-old courtship , Jerome did not mind it at all .
he knew that everything comes to the man who has patience to wait .
time , of course , had not stood still with Anne and Jerome , or with the history of Deep Meadows .
at the Stockard homestead the changes had been many and marked .
Julia and Grace and Celia and Betty and Theodosia and Clementina Stockard were all married and gone .
but Anne had never had another lover .
old Esek and his wife had been put away in the Deep Meadows burying-ground .
the broad , fertile Stockard acres passed into Anne 's possession .
she was a good business-woman , and the farm continued to be the best in the district .
she kept two hired men and a servant girl , and the sixteen-year-old of her oldest sister lived with her .
he always walked home with her from evening meetings and was her partner in the games at quilting parties .
it was great fun for the young folks .
but the older people had ceased to expect anything to come of it .
it was Jerome 's fortieth birthday when Anne refused him again .
it was high time that he brought her to terms if he was ever going to .
Jerome had the sensation of going around in a circle and never getting any further on .
but , then , the speaker was a Hamilton , and the Hamiltons never had any perseverance .
the old Irving homestead belonged to his older brother , who had a wife and family .
at forty a lover must not waste time .
Jerome thought out the details that night , and next day he opened the campaign .
but it was not until the evening after that that Anne Stockard heard the news .
it was her niece , Octavia , who told her .
she was in the pantry counting eggs , and Octavia 's interruption made her lose her count .
I shall have to count them all over again .
she dropped an egg into the basket so abruptly that the shell broke .
Sam Mitchell told me ; he was there and saw him .
Sam says he looked quite beaming , and was dressed to kill , and followed Harriet around like her shadow .
in the process of picking the broken egg out of the whole ones Anne had recovered her equanimity .
she gave a careful little laugh .
goodness knows it 's time he tried somebody else .
he always was a fetch-and-carry .
when the subdued Octavia had gone , Anne tossed the broken eggshell out of the pantry window viciously enough .
Jerome Irving always was an idiot .
he 's old enough to be her father .
I 've seen the time an Irving wouldn't be seen on the same side of the road with a Warren .
well , anyhow , I don't care , and he needn't suppose I will .
Jerome had not been there .
when she got home she looked at her face in the glass more critically than she had done for years .
Anne Stockard at her best had never been pretty .
she was very tall and her figure was lank and angular .
she had a long , pale face and dusky hair .
they were pretty yet , but the crow 's feet about them were plainly visible .
there were brackets around her mouth too , and her cheeks were hollow .
she was an old maid , and Harriet Warren was young , and pretty .
Anne 's long , thin lips suddenly quivered .
when Saturday night came Jerome did not .
the corner of the big , old-fashioned porch where he usually sat looked bare and lonely .
Anne was short with Octavia and boxed the cat 's ears and raged at herself .
at sunset she saw a buggy drive past her gate .
even at that distance she recognized Harriet Warren 's handsome , high-coloured profile .
it was Jerome 's new buggy and Jerome was driving .
the wheel spokes flashed in the sunlight as they crept up the hill .
Octavia was practising her music lesson in the parlour below and singing in a sweet shrill voice .
the hired men were laughing and talking in the yard .
in reality they stung her pride unendurably .
she was walking to church with Octavia , and they were driving in the opposite direction .
Jerome had his new buggy and crimson lap robe .
his horse 's coat shone like satin and had rosettes of crimson on his bridle .
Anne felt dowdy and old ; she was very pale .
suddenly Harriet laughed out .
Anne did not look back , but her face crimsoned darkly .
was that girl laughing at her ?
she trembled with anger and a sharp , hurt feeling .
Jerome was gone and he let Harriet Warren laugh at her and he would never come back to her .
well , it did not matter , but she had been a fool .
when four weeks had elapsed Jerome came over one Saturday night .
Anne was taken by surprise .
she had not thought he would ever come again , and was off her guard .
Anne choked up .
she was very angry , or thought she was .
Jerome appeared not to notice her lack of welcome .
he sat coolly down in his old place .
his heart was beating like a hammer , but Anne did not know that .
a gleam of satisfaction flashed over Jerome 's face .
a jealous woman always gives herself away .
if Anne had been indifferent she would not have given him that slap in the face .
Anne could not get back her self-control .
you don't care , of course .
oh , no !
Harriet Warren is all you care about .
in reality he was hugging himself with delight .
of course old friends don't count now .
goodness knows , you took enough pains to show me you didn't want me .
I don't blame you .
I hadn't , and that 's where I made my mistake .
it was the last cleverly executed movement of the campaign .
but it did not fail .
Anne had got to that point where an excited woman must go mad or cry .
Anne cried .
she sat flatly down on a chair and burst into tears .
Jerome 's hat went one way and his cane another .
Jerome himself sprang across the intervening space and dropped into the chair beside Anne .
he caught her hand in his and threw his arm boldly around her waist .
do you care after all ?
didn't I come after you for fifteen years ?
no doubt it was , and Anne was convinced of it .
but she had to have her cry out on Jerome 's shoulder and it soothed her nerves wonderfully .
Octavia leaned up against the wall in spasms of mirth .
they were too happy for that .
there was a wedding that fall and Anne Stockard was the bride .
her husband 's eyes twinkled .
you see , Harriet 's engaged to that Johnson fellow out west .
Harriet 's that sort of a girl .
I did feel dreadful .
and there it was courting fifteen years and nothing to show for it .
guess it was a sort of inspiration .
Mr Bentley had just driven into the yard with the new summer boarder .
Mrs Bentley was a plump , rosy-cheeked woman with a motherly smile .
the arrival of a summer boarder was a great event in her quiet life .
you can generally calculate on men boarders , but girls are doubtful .
preserve me from a cranky boarder !
I 've had enough of them .
Ethel Lennox had paused at the front door as Mrs Bentley and Agnes came into the hall .
she was tall , and gowned in some simple white material that fell about her in graceful folds .
it 's a long drive from the train down here .
would you have believed red hair could be so handsome ?
she seems real friendly none of your stuck-up fine ladies !
she looked even more lovely without her hat , with the soft red tendrils of hair lying on her forehead .
we 're plain folks and there ain't much going and coming .
besides , I like to fancy myself something of an artist .
he 's the mystery .
last spring , just when the herring struck in , a young chap suddenly appeared at the Point .
Snuffy 's as poor as Job 's turkey ; it was a windfall for him .
he did give himself out as Brown , but nobody believes that 's his handle sounds unnatteral here .
he 's a moody , keep-to-himself sort of chap .
Snuffy was telling me they like him real well , considering his unsociableness .
he ain't none of your ordinary fishermen .
this has been a big year for mackerel , and he 's smart .
and as for work , I never saw his beat .
he seems possessed .
you can't stand it .
you 're not a Pointer .
Ethel Lennox was interested .
he 's a gentleman , as Ma says .
Ethel Lennox sauntered out into the orchard to wait for Agnes .
the sweet mouth drooped wistfully .
there was a sad , far-away look in the violet eyes .
won't the folks around here stare at her !
they always do at our boarders , but we 've never had one like her .
Ethel sprang up .
Numberless fishing boats dotted the shimmering reaches .
he isn't any more like the rest of the shore men than you are .
he 's queer , of course .
I don't believe he 's happy .
wouldn't it make anyone melancholy ?
no wonder he 's mysterious .
I 'm going to get his spyglass .
she pushed open the door and entered , followed by Ethel .
the interior was rough but clean .
it was a small room , lighted by one tiny window looking out on the water .
in one corner a rough ladder led up to the loft above .
the bare lathed walls were hung with fishing jackets , nets , mackerel lines and other shore appurtenances .
a little stove bore a kettle and a frying pan .
how are you , Witch ?
well , here 's the spyglass .
let's go out and have a look .
you don't catch Young Si associating with the Pointers .
the shore was no longer quiet and deserted .
the little spot where the fishing house stood had suddenly started into life .
the boats were hauled up on the skids .
a mellow afterlight was shining over sea and shore .
the whole scene delighted Ethel 's artist eyes .
Agnes nudged her companion .
he 's counting out mackerel .
she tripped off , and Ethel walked slowly over to the boats .
there was no one near the two .
the others were all assembled around Snuffy 's boat .
Young Si staggered back against the mast , letting two silvery bloaters slip through his hands overboard .
his handsome , sunburned face was very white .
Ethel Lennox turned abruptly and silently and walked swiftly across the sand .
Agnes felt her arm touched , and turned to see Ethel standing , pale and erect , beside her .
it is always damp on the shore after sunset .
they reached the lane before Agnes remembered to ask the question Ethel dreaded .
Ethel turned her face away and answered with studied carelessness .
it was very dusky there , you know .
let us walk a little faster .
when they reached home , Miss Lennox excused herself on the plea of weariness and went straight to her room .
Back at the shore Young Si had recovered himself and stooped again to his work .
his face was set and expressionless .
a dull red burned in each bronzed cheek .
he threw out the mackerel mechanically , but his hands trembled .
Snuffy strolled over to the boat .
Snuffy shrugged his shoulders and obeyed in silence .
young Si was not a person to be trifled with .
the catch was large and it was late before they finished .
Snuffy surveyed the full barrels complacently .
Young Si had got into a dory and untied it .
he made no answer , but rowed out from the shore .
Snuffy stared at the dory blankly until it was lost in the gloom .
Snuffy shook his unkempt head dubiously .
Young Si rowed steadily out over the dark waves .
the young fisherman found himself alone in a world of water and grey mist .
he stopped rowing and leaned forward on his oars .
well , perhaps it is better so .
and I love her more than ever .
that is where the sting lies .
he clenched his hands .
the dory rocked gently on the swell .
the next day Ethel Lennox declined to visit Si 's shore .
instead she went to the Point and sketched all day .
Agnes Bentley ceased to suggest another visit to Si 's shore .
she had a vague perception that her companion did not care to discuss the subject .
it 's a whole week since he was here for milk or butter .
Mr Bentley chuckled amusedly .
Si 's getting his stuff at Walden 's now .
I saw him going there twice this week .
everyone knows what hers is like .
Mrs Bentley rattled her dishes ominously .
it was plain her faith in Young Si had received a severe shock .
you also know that that engagement was broken last autumn for unexplained reasons .
as you are aware , his family is wealthy , and noted for its exclusiveness .
I grew cold and formal to him .
he was very patient , but his ways were not mine , and my manner puzzled and annoyed him .
our relations soon became strained , and the trifle necessary for an open quarrel was easily supplied .
he turned on his heel and went away , nor did he come near me the rest of the evening .
we had a short , bitter quarrel .
I was very curious .
the story sounded romantic , and one evening I went down to see him .
he did not follow .
we have never met since , and he has made no effort to see me .
he clearly shows that he despises me .
well , I despise myself .
my sorrow has taught me to understand hers , and I no longer resent her pride .
in the cool twilight Ethel went with Agnes Bentley to mail her letter .
as they stopped at the door of the little country store , a young man came around the corner .
it was Young Si .
Agnes sprang forward eagerly .
Young Si made no verbal reply .
he merely lifted his cap with formal politeness and turned on his heel .
he must have got offended at something .
Ethel Lennox put her drawing away listlessly .
she looked pale and tired .
she was going away the next day , and this was to be her last visit to the shore .
about an hour before sunset a boat glided out from the shadow of the Point .
the evening was fine , and an off-shore breeze was freshening up rapidly .
her hat was straining back from her head and the red rings of her hair were blowing about her face .
Agnes looked about her more anxiously .
Young Si , who was standing with Snuffy their skids , lowered his spyglass with a start .
Si shook his head .
I don't know that the squall will amount to very much .
Agnes bent towards Ethel .
I think we 'd better go back .
Little Ev , thus recalled to things about him , looked around in alarm .
the girls questioned each other with glances of dismay .
a jagged bolt of lightning hurtled over the horizon .
little Ev brought the boat 's head abruptly round as a few heavy drops of rain fell .
I 've got to lower this sail .
she was very pale , but her manner was calm .
both girls bailed energetically .
young Si , watching through the glass , saw them .
he dropped it and ran to his boat , white and resolute .
Little Ev was completely demoralized by fear .
the girls bailed unceasingly , but the water gained every minute .
young Si was none too soon .
the danger was past , for the squall had few difficulties for Si and Snuffy .
light the fire in your shanty , Si , and let her get dry .
Si picked Ethel up in his strong arms and carried her into the fish-house .
he placed her on one of the low benches and hurriedly began to kindle a fire .
Ethel sat up dazedly and pushed back the dripping masses of her bright hair .
young Si turned and looked down at her with a passionate light in his eyes .
she put out her cold , wet hands wistfully .
outside , the wind shook the frail building and tore the shuddering sea to pieces .
the rain poured down .
he smiled down into her eyes .
I will go away tomorrow , as I intended , and you can quietly follow soon .
they would never understand if we did tell them .
they have always credited me with an evil past .
and you and I will go back to our own world , Ethel .
Agnes drove Ethel Lennox to the station next day .
Ethel bubbled over with joyousness .
Agnes wondered at the change in her .
his departure was as mysterious as his advent .
End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Lucy Maud Montgomery Short Stories , @number@ to @number@ by Lucy Maud Montgomery
a WONDER-BOOK FOR GIRLS AND BOYS
THE THREE GOLDEN APPLES
then there was a great laugh .
there were adamantine icicles glittering around all its little cascades .
when the sun was fairly down , our friend Eustace went home to eat his supper .
but , Cousin Eustace , you must put off your airs , and come with us to the drawing-room .
accordingly , without much more resistance , Eustace suffered Primrose and Periwinkle to drag him into the drawing-room .
accordingly , the student snatched hold of the first theme which presented itself .
it was suggested by a plate of apples that he happened to spy on the mantel-piece .
THE THREE GOLDEN APPLES .
did you ever hear of the golden apples , that grew in the garden of the Hesperides ?
not so much as a seed of those apples exists any longer .
all had heard of them , but nobody remembered to have seen any .
many of them returned no more ; none of them brought back the apples .
in my opinion it was hardly worth running so much risk for the sake of a solid golden apple .
had the apples been sweet , mellow , and juicy , indeed that would be another matter .
there might then have been some sense in trying to get at them , in spite of the hundred-headed dragon .
but , then , the dragon with a hundred heads !
the stranger seemed to grow impatient at these remonstrances .
besides all this , he took to himself great credit for having cleaned out a stable .
but it was only the strange man Geryon clattering onward , with his six legs !
six legs , and one gigantic body !
but , still , he was not satisfied .
Hercules shook his head .
but , before he was out of hearing , one of the maidens called after him .
Hercules again thanked her , and pursued his way , while the maidens resumed their pleasant labor of making flower-wreaths .
they talked about the hero , long after he was gone .
but thus it always is with persons who are destined to perform great things .
and what should Hercules espy there , but an old man , fast asleep !
but still he kept fast hold .
but the bird could not get away .
but Hercules would not let him go .
but Hercules held on .
his name was Antreus .
I have sometimes argued with such people , but never fought with one .
nothing was before him , save the foaming , dashing , measureless ocean .
how it had got afloat upon the sea , is more than I can tell you .
the noise awoke Hercules , who instantly started up and gazed around him , wondering whereabouts he was .
no ; you will never guess it , not if you were to try fifty thousand times !
it was a giant !
this does really seem almost too much to believe .
meanwhile , the bright cup continued to float onward , and finally touched the strand .
when the giant could see Hercules still standing on the sea-shore , he roared out to him anew .
you seem to be a fellow of some strength .
this was the greatest depth of the sea .
at last the gigantic shape faded entirely out of view .
if any such misfortune were to happen , how could he ever get rid of the sky ?
he began to be afraid that the giant would never come back .
I took the finest that grew on the tree , I assure you .
ah ! it is a beautiful spot , that garden of the Hesperides .
yes ; and the dragon with a hundred heads is a sight worth any man 's seeing .
I heartily thank you for your trouble .
cannot I carry the golden apples to the king , your cousin , much quicker than you could ?
here Hercules grew impatient , and gave a great shrug of his shoulders .
everybody on earth looked upward in affright , thinking that the sky might be going to fall next .
I want to make a cushion of my lion 's skin , for the weight to rest upon .
AFTER THE STORY .
the effect is like bedaubing a marble statue with paint .
End of Project Gutenberg 's The Three Golden Apples , by Nathaniel Hawthorne
CHAPTER I Looking-Glass house
Alice began .
I was watching the boys getting in sticks for the bonfire and it wants plenty of sticks , Kitty !
and you 'd have deserved it , you little mischievous darling !
what have you got to say for yourself ?
number one : you squeaked twice while Dinah was washing your face this morning .
now you can't deny it , Kitty : I heard you !
what , you were thirsty , were you ?
how do you know she wasn't thirsty too ?
well , I shouldn't mind THAT much !
I 'm sure the woods look sleepy in the autumn , when the leaves are getting brown .
but this is taking us away from Alice 's speech to the kitten .
I can see all of it when I get upon a chair all but the bit behind the fireplace .
I do so wish I could see THAT bit !
I wonder if they 'd give you milk in there ?
let's pretend there 's a way of getting through into it , somehow , Kitty .
let's pretend the glass has got all soft like gauze , so that we can get through .
and certainly the glass WAS beginning to melt away , just like a bright silvery mist .
in another moment Alice was through the glass , and had jumped lightly down into the Looking-glass room .
it was like this .
she puzzled over this for some time , but at last a bright thought struck her .
this was the poem that Alice read .
one , two !
one , two !
he left it dead , and with its head He went galumphing back .
come to my arms , my beamish boy !
he chortled in his joy .
the Garden of Live Flowers
it 's more like a corkscrew than a path !
this goes straight back to the house !
Alice didn't like being criticised , so she began asking questions .
Alice asked .
there was silence in a moment , and several of the pink daisies turned white .
Alice said , hoping to get it into a better temper by a compliment .
Alice did so .
Alice said , not choosing to notice the Rose 's last remark .
Alice asked with some curiosity .
Alice looked round eagerly , and found that it was the Red Queen .
it succeeded beautifully .
Alice wondered a little at this , but she was too much in awe of the Queen to disbelieve it .
Alice said at last .
oh , what fun it is !
not that Alice had any idea of doing THAT .
Alice managed to pant out at last .
at the end of FOUR , I shall say good-bye .
Alice got up and curtseyed , and sat down again .
so with this excuse she ran down the hill and jumped over the first of the six little brooks .
and again the chorus of voices went on .
Alice couldn't see who was sitting beyond the Beetle , but a hoarse voice spoke next .
Alice said rather impatiently .
Alice inquired a little anxiously .
everybody seemed satisfied with this , though Alice felt a little nervous at the idea of trains jumping at all .
still , she couldn't feel nervous with it , after they had been talking together so long .
Alice asked , with great curiosity .
a new difficulty came into Alice 's head .
that 's a joke .
Alice asked .
but the Gnat only sighed deeply , while two large tears came rolling down its cheeks .
but then the fun would be trying to find the creature that had got my old name !
she stood silent for a minute , thinking : then she suddenly began again .
Alice Alice I won't forget it again .
but this did not seem likely to happen .
but the little men only looked at each other and grinned .
Tweedledum cried out briskly , and shut his mouth up again with a snap .
here Alice ventured to interrupt him .
the eldest Oyster looked at him .
they thanked him much for that .
with sobs and tears he sorted out Those of the largest size .
Holding his pocket handkerchief Before his streaming eyes .
Alice said indignantly .
this was a puzzler .
Alice couldn't say honestly that he was .
Tweedledee exclaimed , clapping his hands triumphantly .
Tweedledee retorted contemptuously .
Alice exclaimed indignantly .
Tweedledum interrupted in a tone of great contempt .
so she brushed away her tears , and went on as cheerfully as she could .
Tweedledum spread a large umbrella over himself and his brother , and looked up into it .
Tweedledum said in a calmer tone .
Alice laughed .
only we must begin quick .
it was getting dark so suddenly that Alice thought there must be a thunderstorm coming on .
Alice ran a little way into the wood , and stopped under a large tree .
CHAPTER V Wool and Water
Alice carefully released the brush , and did her best to get the hair into order .
Alice repeated in great astonishment .
Alice ventured to ask .
Alice felt there was no denying THAT .
Alice asked , feeling very much inclined to laugh .
Alice asked , holding her hands ready to put over her ears again .
by this time it was getting light .
Alice could not help laughing at this , even in the midst of her tears .
now I 'll give YOU something to believe .
Alice laughed .
why , sometimes I 've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast .
the last word ended in a long bleat , so like a sheep that Alice quite started .
she looked at the Queen , who seemed to have suddenly wrapped herself up in wool .
Alice rubbed her eyes , and looked again .
she couldn't make out what had happened at all .
was she in a shop ?
she was now working with fourteen pairs at once , and Alice couldn't help looking at her in great astonishment .
this didn't sound like a remark that needed any answer , so Alice said nothing , but pulled away .
Alice asked at last , rather vexed .
Alice cried in a sudden transport of delight .
Alice pleaded .
but the Sheep only laughed scornfully , and went on with her knitting .
Alice said in a surprised tone , taking out her purse .
let me see , is this a chair ?
and actually here 's a little brook !
it might have been written a hundred times , easily , on that enormous face .
Humpty Dumpty interrupted impatiently .
Alice asked doubtfully .
Humpty Dumpty growled out .
you didn't think I was going to say that , did you ?
Humpty Dumpty cried , breaking into a sudden passion .
Alice said very gently .
Humpty Dumpty exclaimed triumphantly .
Alice explained .
Alice didn't want to begin another argument , so she said nothing .
Humpty Dumpty repeated thoughtfully .
Alice felt even more indignant at this suggestion .
Alice suddenly remarked .
it 's a present from the White King and Queen .
Alice said with a puzzled air .
Alice considered a little .
Humpty Dumpty looked doubtful .
Humpty Dumpty took the book , and looked at it carefully .
Alice interrupted .
Humpty Dumpty said gaily , as she turned it round for him .
Humpty Dumpty smiled contemptuously .
Alice was too much puzzled to say anything , so after a minute Humpty Dumpty began again .
she was too much puzzled to make any other remark .
this sounded very hopeful , so Alice repeated the first verse :
Alice hastily said , hoping to keep him from beginning .
Humpty Dumpty remarked severely .
Alice was silent .
I told them once , I told them twice : they would not listen to advice .
I took a kettle large and new , Fit for the deed I had to do .
my heart went hop , my heart went thump ; I filled the kettle at the pump .
I took a corkscrew from the shelf : I went to wake them up myself .
there was a long pause .
Alice timidly asked .
so she got up , and held out her hand .
it 's always the same .
the Lion and the Unicorn
Alice got behind a tree , for fear of being run over , and watched them go by .
and I haven't sent the two Messengers , either .
they 're both gone to the town .
he only does them when he 's happy .
Alice was sorry for this , as she wanted to hear the news too .
you see , a minute goes by so fearfully quick .
Hatta looked round and nodded , and went on with his bread and butter .
Haigha cried impatiently .
but Hatta only munched away , and drank some more tea .
Hatta made a desperate effort , and swallowed a large piece of bread-and-butter .
Haigha and Hatta set to work at once , carrying rough trays of white and brown bread .
Alice took a piece to taste , but it was VERY dry .
and Hatta went bounding away like a grasshopper .
for a minute or two Alice stood silent , watching him .
suddenly she brightened up .
you might as well try to catch a Bandersnatch !
at this moment the Unicorn sauntered by them , with his hands in his pockets .
it was just like a conjuring-trick , she thought .
the Lion looked at Alice wearily .
did you go by the old bridge , or the market-place ?
but before Alice could answer him , the drums began .
this time it was a White Knight .
Alice looked from one to the other in some bewilderment .
just like a whole set of fire-irons falling into the fender !
she thought she had never seen such a strange-looking soldier in all her life .
Alice looked at it with great curiosity .
Alice shook her head .
but not a single bee has come near it yet .
and the other thing is a mouse-trap .
Alice asked in a tone of great curiosity .
Alice enquired .
it 's a plan of my own invention .
the Knight looked very much surprised , and a little offended at the remark .
there was a short silence after this , and then the Knight went on again .
he looked so vexed at the idea , that Alice changed the subject hastily .
the Knight looked down proudly at his helmet , which hung from the saddle .
the knight looked so solemn about it that Alice did not dare to laugh .
the Knight shook his head .
Alice ran to the side of the ditch to look for him .
the Knight looked surprised at the question .
Alice asked , hoping to cheer him up , for the poor Knight seemed quite low-spirited about it .
they had just come to the end of the wood .
Alice could only look puzzled : she was thinking of the pudding .
Alice asked , for she had heard a good deal of poetry that day .
Alice said , trying to feel interested .
Alice corrected herself .
she stood and listened very attentively , but no tears came into her eyes .
I saw an aged aged man , A-sitting on a gate .
and his answer trickled through my head Like water through a sieve .
you 'll wait and wave your handkerchief when I get to that turn in the road ?
so they shook hands , and then the Knight rode slowly away into the forest .
right on his head as usual !
it was a golden crown .
the Queen sharply interrupted her .
you SHOULD have meant !
what do you suppose is the use of child without any meaning ?
even a joke should have some meaning and a child 's more important than a joke , I hope .
try another Subtraction sum .
the Queen gasped and shut her eyes .
and I 'll tell you a secret I can read words of one letter !
isn't THAT grand !
here the Red Queen began again .
Alice cried eagerly .
Alice thought she saw a way out of the difficulty this time .
Alice was puzzled .
Alice ventured to ask .
Alice sighed and gave it up .
Alice asked in an astonished tone .
here the White Queen began again .
but this was more than Alice had courage to do .
the White Queen gave a deep sigh , and laid her head on Alice 's shoulder .
Alice almost stamped with irritation at the slow drawl in which he spoke .
he was so hoarse that Alice could scarcely hear him .
Alice said impatiently .
then he went up and gave the door a kick with one of his great feet .
Alice sat down in it , rather uncomfortable in the silence , and longing for some one to speak .
at last the Red Queen began .
and the waiters carried it off , and brought a large plum-pudding in its place .
the White Queen laughed with delight , and stroked Alice 's cheek .
that is easy : a baby , I think , could have caught it .
that is easy : a penny , I think , would have bought it .
that is easy , and will not take more than a minute .
that is easy , because it already is in it .
it is easy to set such a dish on the table .
ah , THAT is so hard that I fear I 'm unable !
and then ( as Alice afterwards described it ) all sorts of things happened in a moment .
there was not a moment to be lost .
Alice cried with a merry laugh .
he was part of my dream , of course but then I was part of his dream , too !
but the provoking kitten only began on the other paw , and pretended it hadn't heard the question .
which do YOU think it was ?
Long has paled that sunny sky : echoes fade and memories die .
Autumn frosts have slain July .
in a Wonderland they lie , Dreaming as the days go by , Dreaming as the summers die :
ever drifting down the stream Lingering in the golden gleam Life , what is it but a dream ?
she was just finishing , when a voice called out from the lane ,
proudly displaying it on the rude railing of the bridge , she added , with a happy face ,
I always have a good swing when I go for the cows , and pick flowers with the dandelions .
as she ran , Marjorie heard the lady singing , like the princess in the story of the Goose-Girl ,
let Curdkin 's hat go !
blow , breezes , blow !
let him after it go !
there is Rover , and Kitty and the robins , and me !
perhaps that is because I know how shabby it really is .
that moss looks lovely on the shingles , but the roof leaks .
it was a cold November storm , and everything looked forlorn .
I work for Madame , and she pays me a dollar a week .
and the forlorn look came back to poor Lizzie 's face .
it 's such pretty work , and she gets lots of money , for every one likes her flowers .
are you sick ?
have I been rude ?
I didn't want it only because it was pretty , but I wanted to copy it .
then tuck as much cake and fruit into your pocket as it will hold .
and she offered the nosegay with a much happier face than the one Lizzie first saw .
so Lizzie turned to go down the high steps , glad that she need not wait .
what an affliction !
but another hunt among greenhouses was as fruitless as that among the milliners ' rooms .
all were engaged to trim a bridesmaid 's dress , and must be sent away at once .
she has been helping me with these garlands , and may have some left .
as she spoke , she glanced about the room , hoping to see some blue blossoms awaiting her .
still , if you do get any , please send them to me as soon as possible .
Belle had forgotten all about it in listening to this sad little story of a girl 's life .
don't be troubled if I don't send it till evening ; it will surely come in time .
her heart was very full and tender just then , and the lesson sunk deep into it never to be forgotten .
evening came , and all was ready .
Belle was dressed , and looked so lovely that mamma declared she needed nothing more .
but Marie insisted that the grand effect would be ruined without the garland among the sunshiny hair .
End of Project Gutenberg 's Marjorie 's Three Gifts , by Louisa May Alcott
WHITEFOOT THE WOOD MOUSE
CHAPTER I : Whitefoot Spends A Happy Winter
in all his short life Whitefoot the Wood Mouse never had spent such a happy winter .
Whitefoot believes in getting the most from the present .
the things which are past are past , and that is all there is to it .
there is no use in thinking about them .
as for the things of the future , it will be time enough to think about them when they happen .
there are ever so many who would like nothing better than to dine on plump little Whitefoot .
in spite of all this he is a happy little chap .
it didn't take him long to decide that it was the most delightful place he ever had found .
he promptly decided to move in and spend the winter .
in one end of the sugar-house was a pile of wood .
Down under this Whitefoot made himself a warm , comfortable nest .
it was a regular castle to Whitefoot .
he moved over to it the store of seeds he had laid up for winter use .
for days at a time he didn't have a single fright .
yes indeed , Whitefoot spent a happy winter .
CHAPTER II : Whitefoot Sees Queer Things
Whitefoot had spent the winter undisturbed in Farmer Brown 's sugar-house .
he had almost forgotten the meaning of fear .
he had come to look on that sugar-house as belonging to him .
after a while Farmer Brown 's boy went away , and Whitefoot had the little sugar-house to himself again .
but Farmer Brown 's boy had carelessly left the door wide open .
Whitefoot didn't like that open door .
it made him nervous .
there was nothing to prevent those who hunt him from walking right in .
so the rest of that night Whitefoot felt uncomfortable and anxious .
then Farmer Brown himself came and strange things began to happen .
it became as warm as in summer .
you see Farmer Brown had built a fire under the evaporator .
he saw Farmer Brown and Farmer Brown 's boy pour pails of sap into a great pan .
he saw them draw the golden syrup from one end of the evaporator and fill shining tin cans with it .
day after day they did the same thing .
he tasted that thick golden stuff and found it sweet and good .
he didn't understand these queer doings at all .
but he was no longer afraid .
CHAPTER III : Farmer Brown 's Boy Becomes Acquainted
he caught glimpses of Whitefoot peeping out at him .
now Farmer Brown 's boy is wise in the ways of the little people of the Green Forest .
right away he made up his mind to get acquainted with Whitefoot .
he took care that Whitefoot shouldn't even know that he had been seen .
then he and Farmer Brown would go out to collect sap .
one day Farmer Brown 's boy scattered some particularly delicious crumbs .
then , instead of going out , he sat down on a bench and kept perfectly still .
Farmer Brown and Bowser the Hound went out .
Farmer Brown 's boy sat there right in plain sight , but Whitefoot didn't see him .
that was because Farmer Brown 's boy didn't move the least bit .
right there he placed a big piece of bread crust .
then he happened to look up right into the eyes of Farmer Brown 's boy .
but Farmer Brown 's boy didn't move , and at last Whitefoot could stand the temptation no longer .
then he began to drag it back to the woodpile .
still Farmer Brown 's boy did not move .
for two or three days the same thing happened .
by this time , Whitefoot had lost all fear .
after that Farmer Brown 's boy took care that no crumbs should be scattered on the ground .
CHAPTER IV : Whitefoot Grows Anxious
he was getting so fat that his handsome little coat was uncomfortably tight .
he ran about fearlessly while Farmer Brown and Farmer Brown 's boy were making maple syrup and maple sugar .
a little ray of light crept down between the sticks .
presently another little ray of light crept down between the sticks .
it was then that Whitefoot began to grow anxious .
of course Whitefoot didn't understand why that wood was slipping away .
in spite of himself he began to grow suspicious .
I do hope they will stop taking this wood away .
I don't want to do that .
oh , dear !
oh , dear !
I was so happy and now I am so worried !
CHAPTER V : the End Of Whitefoot 's Worries
things going wrong will often end well .
the next time you meet him just ask Whitefoot if this isn't so .
things had been going very wrong for Whitefoot .
Whitefoot quite lost his appetite .
he no longer came out to take food from Farmer Brown 's boy 's hand .
he stayed right in his snug little home and worried .
now Farmer Brown 's boy had not once thought of the trouble he was making .
he was afraid that something had happened to his little friend .
Farmer Brown 's boy understood .
he understood perfectly that little people like Whitefoot want their homes hidden away in the dark .
he probably thinks we have been hunting for this little home of his .
here 's his storehouse !
I 've often wondered how the little rascal could eat so much , but now I understand .
he stored away here more than half of the good things I have given him .
I am glad he did .
Farmer Brown 's boy sat down to think things over .
then he got an old box and made a little round hole in one end of it .
then he carried all Whitefoot 's supplies over there and put them under the box .
he went outside , and got some branches of hemlock and threw these in a little pile over the box .
after this he scattered some crumbs just outside .
Late that night Whitefoot did come back .
the crumbs led him to the old box .
he crept inside .
there was his snug little home !
all in a second Whitefoot understood , and trust and happiness returned .
CHAPTER VI : a Very Careless Jump
Whitefoot once more was happy .
it was better than the old place under the woodpile .
it was the best place for a home Whitefoot ever had had .
it didn't take him long to change his mind about leaving the little sugar-house .
somehow he seemed to know right down inside that his home would not again be disturbed .
he liked to jump up on the bench where Farmer Brown 's boy sometimes sat .
once he stole Farmer Brown 's boy 's handkerchief .
he wanted it to add to the material his nest was made of .
he knew that Farmer Brown 's boy and Farmer Brown and Bowser the Hound were his friends .
no harm could possibly come to him .
but you know , enemies are not the only dangers to watch out for .
accidents will happen .
it was heedlessness that got Whitefoot into one of the worst mishaps of his whole life .
he had been running and jumping all around the inside of the little sugar-house .
he loves to run and jump , and he had been having just the best time ever .
it wasn't a very long jump , but somehow Whitefoot misjudged it .
he was heedless , and he didn't jump quite far enough .
right beside that box was a tin pail half filled with sap .
instead of landing on the box , Whitefoot landed with a splash in that pail of sap .
CHAPTER VII : Whitefoot Gives Up Hope
Whitefoot had been in many tight places .
yes , indeed , Whitefoot had been in many tight places .
he had had narrow escapes of all kinds .
the moment he landed in that sap , Whitefoot began to swim frantically .
he isn't a particularly good swimmer , but he could swim well enough to keep afloat for a while .
he came up choking and gasping .
the more he tried to climb out , the more frightened he became .
he was in a perfect panic of fear .
he quite lost his head , did Whitefoot .
Whitefoot squeaked pitifully .
he didn't want to drown .
of course not .
he wanted to live .
but unless he could get out of that pail very soon , he would drown .
he knew it .
he knew that he couldn't hold on much longer .
he knew that just as soon as he stopped paddling , he would sink .
but somehow he kept his legs moving , and so kept afloat .
it wasn't because he had any hope .
he didn't have the least bit of hope .
still he kept on paddling .
he did it without knowing that he did it , just as he kept paddling round and round .
CHAPTER VIII : the Rescue
Farmer Brown 's boy was the first to return .
he came in just after Whitefoot had given up all hope .
he went at once to the fire to put more wood on .
as he finished this job he heard the faintest of little squeaks .
it was a very pitiful little squeak .
Farmer Brown 's boy stood perfectly still and listened .
he heard it again .
he knew right away that it was the voice of Whitefoot .
I wonder where the little rascal is .
I wonder what can have happened to him .
again Farmer Brown 's boy heard that faint little squeak .
it was so faint that he couldn't tell where it came from .
it seemed to come from nowhere in particular .
also it was growing fainter .
at last Farmer Brown 's boy happened to stand still close to that tin pail half filled with sap .
it was the sound of the little splash that led him to look down .
in a flash he understood what had happened .
he was very nearly drowned .
stooping quickly , Farmer Brown 's boy grabbed Whitefoot 's long tail and pulled him out .
he was trying to shake some of the sap out of Whitefoot .
it ran out of Whitefoot 's nose and out of his mouth .
Whitefoot began to gasp .
for some time Whitefoot lay just gasping .
but presently his breath came easier , and after a while he was breathing naturally .
Little by little Whitefoot recovered his strength .
CHAPTER IX : two Timid Persons Meet
Jumper the Hare sat crouched at the foot of a tree in the Green Forest .
had you happened along there , you would not have seen him .
if you had seen him , you probably wouldn't have known it .
Just in front of Juniper was a little round hole .
he gave it no attention .
all through the Green Forest were little holes in the snow .
so he took no notice of this one until something moved down in that hole .
a sharp little face with very bright eyes filled that little round hole .
Jumper moved just the tiniest bit , and in a flash that sharp little face with the bright eyes disappeared .
Jumper sat still and waited .
after a long wait the sharp little face with bright eyes appeared again .
this winter he was not living in Farmer Brown 's sugarhouse .
Jumper chuckled .
Jumper paused .
and then some folks wonder why I am so timid .
folks may laugh at me for being so easily frightened , but I don't care .
Jumper looked interested .
Whitefoot suddenly darted into his hole .
Jumper didn't move , but his eyes widened with fear .
CHAPTER X : the White Watchers
then you might have seen two narrow black lines back of Jumper 's head .
they were the tips of his ears , for these remain black .
there they were for all the world like two little heaps of snow .
Jumper didn't move so much as a hair .
Whitey didn't move so much as a feather .
both were waiting and watching .
Jumper didn't move because he knew that Whitey was there .
Jumper was sitting still because he was afraid .
Whitey was sitting still because he was hungry .
this was because Juniper had been fortunate enough to see Whitey alight on that stump .
Jumper didn't want to sit still .
he wanted to run .
you know it is on those long legs of his that Jumper depends almost wholly for safety .
but there are times for running and times for sitting still , and this was a time for sitting still .
he knew that Whitey didn't know that he was anywhere near .
it seemed as if those fierce yellow eyes of Whitey must see him .
they seemed to look right through him .
they made him shake inside .
I want to run .
I mustn't .
he was sitting still to save his life .
Whitey the Snowy Owl was sitting still to catch a dinner .
I know that sounds queer , but it was so .
and he had learned how to make the best use of it .
yes , indeed , he knew how to make the best use of it .
it was by doing just what he was doing now , sitting perfectly still .
he was sure of it .
he won't see me then if I don't move .
CHAPTER XI : Jumper Is In Doubt
Jumper the Hare was beginning to feel easier in his mind .
he was no longer shaking inside .
in fact , he was beginning to feel quite safe .
I do hope he 'll do that before Whitefoot comes out again .
it is so .
but it was done in such a way that only eyes watching him sharply would have noticed it .
you know Whitey can see by day quite as well as any other bird .
Jumper , having stopped worrying about himself , began to worry about Whitefoot .
a tunnel led from this little hole to the first little hole .
suddenly off among the trees something moved .
at least , Jumper thought he saw something move .
yes , there it was , a little black spot moving swiftly this way and that way over the snow .
Jumper stared very hard .
and then his heart seemed to jump right up in his throat .
it did so .
he felt as if he would choke .
in his white winter coat he is called Ermine .
he was hunting , and Jumper knew that sooner or later Shadow would find him .
it happened to be the wisest thing he could do .
CHAPTER XII : Whitey The Owl Saves Jumper
to move would be to give himself away to Whitey the Snowy Owl .
he was hunting hunting for the scent of some one whom he could kill .
but all the time Jumper felt in his bones that Shadow would find that scent .
I am afraid he will catch me , but I 'll have a chance .
Jumper 's heart sank .
he knew that Shadow had caught a faint scent of some one .
Jumper knew then that Shadow had found his trail .
and as Jumper did this , he looked over to that stump where Whitey had been sitting so long .
he had seen that moving black spot which was the tip of Shadow 's tail .
Jumper didn't have time to jump before Whitey was swooping down at Shadow .
So Juniper just kept still and watched with eyes almost popping from his head with fear and excitement .
Whitey 's claws closed on nothing but snow ; Shadow had dodged .
an enemy had proved to be a friend .
CHAPTER XIII : Whitefoot Decides Quickly
he had not been badly frightened .
but he was somewhat upset .
yes , sir , he was somewhat upset .
you see , he had so many enemies to watch out for , and here was another .
it must be that food is scarce up there .
I hope Jumper the Hare will have sense enough to keep perfectly still .
Whitefoot grinned .
again Whitefoot grinned .
then he settled himself to watch patiently for Whitey to become tired of watching that hole and fly away .
so it was that Whitefoot saw all that happened .
he saw Whitey suddenly sail out on silent wings from that stump and swoop with great claws reaching for some one .
he saw Shadow dodge in the very nick of time .
then he watched Whitey swoop again and again as Shadow dodged this way and that way .
finally both disappeared amongst the trees .
fear , the greatest fear he had known for a long time , took possession of Whitefoot .
and when Whitey has given up and flown away , Shadow will come back .
he probably had found the tracks of Jumper the Hare and he will come back .
I know him ; he 'll come back .
oh , dear !
oh , dear !
you see Shadow the Weasel is the one enemy that can follow Whitefoot into most of his hiding-places .
for a minute or two Whitefoot sat there , shaking with fright .
then he made up his mind .
I 've spent a comfortable winter here so far , but there will be no safety for me here any longer .
and how he did hope that his scent would have disappeared by the time Shadow returned .
if it hadn't , there would be little hope for him and he knew it .
CHAPTER XIV : Shadows Return
he little gains and has no pride Who from his purpose turns aside .
he is not easily discouraged .
this is one reason he is so feared by the little people he delights to hunt .
but Shadow was simply angry .
he was still more angry because his hunt for Jumper the Hare was interfered with .
you see , he had just found Jumper 's trail when Whitey swooped at him .
at last he saw a hole in an old log and into this he darted .
Whitey couldn't get him there .
so Whitey promptly flew away .
he had no intention of giving up that hunt just because he had been driven away .
it led him straight to the foot of the tree where Jumper had crouched so long .
but , as you know , Jumper wasn't there then .
Shadow snarled .
he understood exactly what had happened .
I can tell that by the length of this jump .
probably he is still going .
instead he began to look for other trails .
so it was that he found one of the little holes of Whitefoot the Wood Mouse .
he plunged down into that little hole in the snow .
down there the scent of Whitefoot was strong .
Shadow followed it until it led out of another little hole in the snow .
but there he lost it .
snarling with anger and disappointment , he returned to the little hole in the snow and vanished .
then he followed all Whitefoot 's little tunnels .
he found Whitefoot 's nest .
he found his store of seeds .
but he didn't find Whitefoot .
CHAPTER XV : Whitefoots Dreadful Journey
Whitefoot the Wood Mouse was terribly frightened .
yes , sir , he was terribly frightened .
it was a long , long time since he had been as frightened as he now was .
he is used to frights , is Whitefoot .
this fright was different .
all he could do was to go and go and go until he could find a safe hiding-place .
my , my , but that was a dreadful journey !
every time a twig snapped , Whitefoot 's heart seemed to jump right up in his throat .
for a long way no one saw him , for no one was about .
whatever shall I do ?
however shall I get enough to eat ?
I am getting tired .
my legs ache .
I want my nice , warm , soft bed .
oh , dear !
oh , dear !
but in spite of his frights , Whitefoot kept on .
you see , he was more afraid to stop than he was to go on .
it really was a terrible journey .
CHAPTER XVI : Whitefoot Climbs A Tree
Whitefoot kept on going and going .
there he had lived for a long time in the greatest comfort .
little tunnels led to his storehouses and up to the surface of the snow .
but Whitefoot is quite as much at home in trees as on the ground .
so Whitefoot began to look for a dead tree .
he knew it was a dead tree , because there was no bark on it .
but , of course , he couldn't tell whether or not that tree was hollow .
I mean he couldn't tell from the ground .
I suppose I will have to climb this , and I am so tired .
it ought to be hollow .
he looked anxiously this way .
he looked anxiously that way .
he looked anxiously the other way .
in fact , he looked anxiously every way .
once more Whitefoot 's heart seemed to jump right up in his throat .
that shadow was the shadow of some one flying .
Whitefoot flattened himself against the side of the tree and peeked around it .
he had come along near the ground and then risen sharply into the tree .
his bill was black , and there was just a tiny hook on the end of it .
Whitefoot knew who it was .
Whitefoot shivered .
CHAPTER XVII : Whitefoot Finds A Hole Just In Time
often he is called just Butcher Bird .
he did not look at all terrible .
he was not quite as big as Sammy Jay .
he had no terrible claws like the Hawks and Owls .
so his heart went pit-a-pat , pit-a-pat as he wondered if Butcher had seen him .
Whitefoot dodged around to the other side of the tree .
now he didn't know whether to keep on going up or to go down .
two or three times he dodged around the tree without doing either .
then he decided to go up .
if he should catch Whitefoot , he would have a good dinner .
if he didn't catch Whitefoot , he would simply go hungry a little longer .
so you see , there was a very big difference in the feelings of Whitefoot and Butcher .
Whitefoot had his life to lose , while Butcher had only a dinner to lose .
dodging this way and dodging that way , Whitefoot climbed higher and higher .
all the time he was growing more and more tired , and more and more discouraged .
if I don't find a hole pretty soon , Butcher will surely catch me .
oh , dear !
Just above Whitefoot was a broken branch .
only the stub of it remained .
the next time he dodged around the trunk he found himself just below that stub .
oh , joy !
there , close under that stub , was a round hole .
he didn't wait to find out whether or not any one was in that hole .
he didn't even think that there might be some one in there .
with a tiny little squeak of relief he darted in .
he was just in time .
he was just in the nick of time .
Whitefoot had saved his life and Butcher had missed a dinner .
CHAPTER XVIII : An Unpleasant Surprise
be careful never to be rude Enough to thoughtlessly intrude .
I was sure there must be a hole in this tree .
presently he peeped out .
he wanted to see if Butcher was watching outside .
he was just in time to see Butcher 's gray and black and white coat disappearing among the trees .
Butcher was not foolish enough to waste time watching for Whitefoot to come out .
Whitefoot sighed happily .
for the first time since he had started on his dreadful journey he felt safe .
nothing else mattered .
he was hungry , but he didn't mind that .
he was willing to go hungry for the sake of being safe .
Whitefoot watched until Butcher was out of sight .
then he turned to see what that house was like .
right away he discovered that there was a soft , warm bed in it .
it was a very fine bed indeed .
I certainly shall sleep comfortably here .
goodness knows , I need a rest .
if I can find food enough near here , I 'll make this my home .
and then he got a surprise .
it was an unpleasant surprise .
it was a most unpleasant surprise .
there was some one in that bed !
it was some one with a coat of the softest , finest fur .
can you guess who it was ?
you see at first he didn't recognize Timmy .
but he had no place to run to , so he hesitated .
never in all his life had Whitefoot had a greater disappointment .
he knew now that this splendid house was not for him .
Timmy the Flying Squirrel didn't move .
he remained curled up in a soft little ball .
he was asleep .
Whitefoot felt easier in his mind then .
Timmy was so sound asleep that he knew nothing of his visitor .
then he would go out and hunt for another home .
CHAPTER XIX : Whitefoot Finds A Home At Last
true independence he has known Whose home has been his very own .
curled up in his splendid warm bed , Timmy the Flying Squirrel slept peacefully .
he didn't know he had a visitor .
Whitefoot wasn't asleep .
Whitefoot was too worried to sleep .
he knew he couldn't stay in that fine house because it belonged to Timmy .
he knew that as soon as Timmy awoke , he , Whitefoot , would have to get out .
where should he go ?
he wished he knew .
it was better to be homeless than to feel that at any minute Shadow the Weasel might appear .
it was getting late in the afternoon .
if only I knew this part of the Green Forest I might know where to go .
as it is , I shall have to go hunt for a new home and trust to luck .
no enemy was to be seen anywhere .
Whitefoot crept out and climbed a little higher up in the tree .
presently he found another hole .
he didn't intend to make the mistake of going into another house where some one might be living .
at last , sure that there was no one in there , he crept in .
then he made a discovery .
there were beech nuts in there and there were seeds .
it was a storehouse !
Whitefoot knew at once that it must be Timmy 's storehouse .
right away he realized how very , very hungry he was .
of course , he had no right to any of those seeds or nuts .
that is , he wouldn't have had any right had he been a boy or girl .
so Whitefoot began to fill his empty little stomach with some of those seeds .
he ate and ate and ate and quite forgot all his troubles .
in a jiffy Whitefoot was outside .
he was just in time .
Timmy was almost up to the entrance .
the mere mention of Shadow the Weasel made him very sober .
he scratched his nose thoughtfully .
I guess you can live there until you can find a better home .
so it was that Whitefoot found a new home .
CHAPTER XX : Whitefoot Makes Himself At Home
Look not too much on that behind Lest to the future you be blind .
he thanked Timmy and then scampered over to that stub as fast as his legs would take him .
up the stub he climbed , and near the top he found a little round hole .
there was even a bed in there .
it was an old bed , but it was dry and soft .
it was quite clear that no one had been in there for a long time .
he was so tired that he slept all night .
Timmy was nowhere to be seen .
so he scurried about to see what he could find for a breakfast .
it didn't take him long to find some pine cones in which a few seeds were still clinging .
these would do nicely .
Whitefoot soon had the bed made over to suit him .
then he started out to explore all about within a short distance of the old stub .
when at last he returned home he was very well satisfied .
I am sure he and I will get along together very nicely .
he probably would expect to find me living down in the ground or close to it , anyway .
I certainly am glad that I am such a good climber .
CHAPTER XXI : Whitefoot Envies Timmy
he would have been wholly contented but for one thing , he had no well-filled storehouse .
this meant that each day he must hunt for his food .
it wasn't that Whitefoot minded hunting for food .
but he would have felt easier in his mind .
but Whitefoot is a happy little fellow and wisely made the best of things .
at first he came out very little by day .
he would peek out of his doorway and watch for chance visitors in the daytime .
Timmy came out about the same time , and they had become the best of friends .
Timmy would nimbly climb to the top of a tree and then jump .
the first time Whitefoot saw him do it he held his breath .
he surely will kill himself !
but Timmy did nothing of the kind .
Whitefoot had hard work to believe his own eyes .
Timmy seemed to be jumping just for the pleasure of it .
as a matter of fact , he was .
he was getting his evening exercise .
Whitefoot sighed .
I envy Timmy .
CHAPTER XXII : Timmy Proves To Be A True Neighbor
he proves himself a neighbor true Who seeks a kindly deed to do .
occasionally Timmy the Flying Squirrel came over to visit Whitefoot .
if Whitefoot was in his house he always knew when Timmy arrived .
he would hear a soft thump down near the bottom of the tall stub .
it was such a new feeling that Timmy enjoyed it .
Whitefoot never went far from the tall , dead stub in which he was now living .
he didn't dare to .
he wanted to be where at the first sign of danger he could scamper back there to safety .
he liked to be where he could watch and talk with Whitefoot .
you see Timmy is very much like other people , he likes to gossip a little .
one evening Whitefoot had found it hard work to find enough food to fill his stomach .
he had kept going a little farther and a little farther from home .
finally he was farther from it than he had ever been before .
Timmy did not move .
he knew that Hooty didn't know he was there .
there he was picking out seeds from a pine cone on the ground .
the trunk of a tree was between him and Hooty .
what was to be done ?
it is no business of mine at all .
perhaps Hooty will fly away before Whitefoot moves .
for a few minutes nothing happened .
then Whitefoot finished the last seed in that cone and started to look for more .
Timmy knew that in a moment Hooty would see Whitefoot .
he jumped .
yes , sir , he jumped .
down , down , down , straight past the tree on which sat Hooty the Owl , Timmy sailed .
Hooty saw him .
he couldn't help but see him .
he spread his great wings and was after Timmy in an instant .
Timmy struck near the foot of a tree and without wasting a second darted around to the other side .
he was just in time .
Hooty was already reaching for him .
up the tree ran Timmy and jumped again .
again Hooty was too late .
CHAPTER XXIII : Whitefoot Spends A Dreadful Night
even now it makes him shiver just to think of it .
yes , sir , he shivers even now whenever he thinks of that night .
he had just poked his nose out that little round doorway when there was the most terrible sound .
it frightened him so that he simply let go and tumbled backward down inside his house .
he was , so to speak , on the roof of Whitefoot 's house .
Hooty knows this .
no one knows it better than he does .
that is why he uses it .
he knows that many of the little people are asleep , safely hidden away .
he knows that it would be quite useless for him to simply look for them .
he would starve before he could find a dinner in that way .
so he uses that terrible hunting cry to frighten the little people and make them move .
now Whitefoot knew that he was safe .
he just couldn't help it .
I know he can't get me .
I 'm perfectly safe .
I 'm just as safe as if he were miles away .
there 's nothing to be afraid of .
it is silly to be afraid .
probably Hooty doesn't even know I am inside here .
Whitefoot said these things to himself over and over again .
then Hooty would send out that fierce , terrible hunting call and Whitefoot would jump and shake just as before .
gradually Whitefoot stopped trembling .
he guessed that Hooty had flown away .
still he remained right where he was for a very long time .
he didn't intend to foolishly take any chances .
so he waited and waited and waited .
at last he was sure that Hooty had left .
Whitefoot didn't go out that night at all .
it was a moonlight night and just the kind of a night to be out .
CHAPTER XXIV : Whitefoot The Wood Mouse Is Unhappy
Whitefoot the Wood Mouse should have been happy , but he wasn't .
winter had gone and sweet Mistress Spring had brought joy to all the Green Forest .
Twitterings and songs filled the air .
Joy was everywhere .
food became plentiful , and Whitefoot became sleek and fat .
that is , he became as fat as a lively Wood Mouse ever does become .
none of his enemies had discovered his new home , and he had little to worry about .
day by day he grew more and more unhappy .
he no longer took pleasure in his fine home .
he began to wander about for no particular reason .
he wandered much farther from home than he had ever been in the habit of doing .
at times he would sit and listen , but what he was listening for he didn't know .
I have nothing to worry about .
yet there is something wrong with me .
I 'm losing my appetite .
nothing tastes good any more .
no one had any interest in Whitefoot 's troubles .
every one was too busy with his own affairs .
the very happiness of those about him seemed to make him more unhappy .
he was unhappy , was Whitefoot .
CHAPTER XXV : Whitefoot Finds Out What The Matter Was
of all the little people of the Green Forest Whitefoot seemed to be the only one who was unhappy .
and because he didn't know why he felt so he became day by day more unhappy .
I wish some one would tell me what ails me .
one evening he wandered a little farther from home than usual .
he wasn't going anywhere in particular .
he had nothing in particular to do .
he was just wandering about because somehow he couldn't remain at home .
not far away Melody the Wood Thrush was pouring out his beautiful evening song .
Whitefoot stopped to listen .
somehow it made him more unhappy than ever .
melody stopped singing for a few moments .
it was just then that Whitefoot heard a faint sound .
Whitefoot pricked up his ears and listened .
there it was again .
he knew instantly how that sound was made .
it was made by dainty little feet beating very fast on an old log .
Whitefoot had drummed that way himself many times .
it was soft , but clear , and it lasted only a moment .
right then something very strange happened to Whitefoot .
yes , sir , something very strange happened to Whitefoot .
at first he didn't know why .
he just did , that was all .
without thinking what he was doing , he began to drum himself .
then he listened .
at first he heard nothing .
Whitefoot replied to it .
all the time he kept feeling better .
he ran a little nearer to the place from which that drumming sound had come and then once more drummed .
at first he got no reply .
Whitefoot became quite excited .
by now he was getting quite excited .
he was bound to find that other Wood Mouse .
every time he heard that drumming , funny little thrills ran all over him .
he didn't know why .
they just did , that was all .
he simply must find that other Wood Mouse .
he forgot everything else .
he didn't even notice where he was going .
he would drum , then wait for a reply .
CHAPTER XXVI : Love Fills The Heart Of Whitefoot
that is , he was the one who had to do all the hunting .
he would drum with his feet and after a slight pause there would be an answering drum .
then Whitefoot would run as fast as he could in that direction only to find no one at all .
then he would drum again and the reply would come from another direction .
he forgot everything , even danger , in his desire to see that little drummer .
but this was only for a moment .
he was too eager to find that little drummer to be angry very long .
he drummed and listened , then drummed again and listened .
nothing was to be heard .
there was no reply .
Whitefoot 's heart sank .
all the old lonesomeness crept over him again .
he didn't know which way to turn to look for that stranger .
he was so disappointed that he could have cried if it would have done any good .
instantly Whitefoot was alert and watchful .
long ago he had learned to be suspicious of rustling leaves .
they might have been rustled by the feet of an enemy stealing up on him .
for two or three minutes he heard and saw nothing .
then another leaf rustled a little bit to one side .
Whitefoot turned like a flash , his feet gathered under him ready for a long jump for safety .
at first he saw nothing .
then he became aware of two bright , soft little eyes watching him .
Whitefoot held his breath , he was so afraid that those eyes would vanish .
finally he rather timidly jumped down from the log and started toward those two soft eyes .
they vanished .
Whitefoot 's heart sank .
he was tempted to rush forward , but he didn't .
he sat still .
it was love .
he knew that he just couldn't live without little Miss Dainty .
it took Whitefoot a long time to make her believe that he really couldn't live without her .
if the truth were known , little Miss Dainty felt just the same way about Whitefoot .
secretly she thought Whitefoot the most wonderful Wood Mouse in the Great World , but she didn't tell him so .
the truth is , she made him feel as if she were doing him a great favor .
as for Whitefoot , he was so happy that he actually tried to sing .
yes , sir , Whitefoot tried to sing , and he really did very well for a Mouse .
he was ready and eager to do anything that Mrs Whitefoot wanted to do .
Whitefoot forgot that he had ever been sad and lonely .
at last Whitefoot rather timidly suggested that they should go see his fine home in a certain hollow stub .
Mrs Whitefoot insisted that they should go to her home .
Whitefoot agreed on condition that she would afterwards visit his home .
so together they went back to Mrs Whitefoot 's home .
but Mrs Whitefoot was very well satisfied with her old home and not at all anxious to leave it .
it was in an old hollow stump close to the ground .
it didn't seem at all safe to Whitefoot .
in fact it worried him .
two days and nights they spent there .
then Whitefoot suggested that they should visit his home .
Mrs Whitefoot didn't appear at all anxious to go .
she began to make excuses for staying right where they were .
you see , she had a great love for that old home .
neither of them breathed .
Shadow passed without looking in their direction .
when he was out of sight , Mrs Whitefoot shivered .
CHAPTER XVIII : Mrs Whitefoot Decides On A Home
when Mrs Mouse makes up her mind Then Mr Mouse best get behind .
Whitefoot the Wood Mouse was very proud of his home .
at last she appeared at the doorway .
Whitefoot 's heart sank .
he didn't like the tone in which Mrs Whitefoot had said that .
Whitefoot asked .
that is , it won't do for me .
besides , I don't like an inside house for summer .
as she spoke Mrs Whitefoot was already starting down the stub .
Whitefoot followed .
Mrs Whitefoot said nothing , but led the way down the tree with Whitefoot meekly following .
she hardly glanced at a fine hollow log Whitefoot found .
she merely poked her nose in at a splendid hole beneath the roots of an old stump .
Whitefoot began to grow tired from running about and climbing stumps and trees and bushes .
he stopped to rest and lost sight of Mrs Whitefoot .
a moment later he heard her calling excitedly .
Mrs Whitefoot was sitting on the edge of it , and her bright eyes snapped with excitement and pleasure .
Whitefoot asked .
still Whitefoot stared .
Mrs Whitefoot stamped her feet impatiently .
no one will ever think of looking for us here .
even then Whitefoot didn't understand .
a home is always what you make it .
with love there you will ne'er forsake it .
he found Mrs Whitefoot very much excited .
she was delighted with that old nest and she showed it .
for his part , Whitefoot couldn't see anything but a deserted old house of no use to any one .
to be sure , it had been a very good home in its time .
it had been made of tiny twigs , stalks of old weeds , leaves , little fine roots and mud .
it was still quite solid , and was firmly fixed in a crotch of the young tree .
but Whitefoot couldn't see how it could be turned into a home for a Mouse .
he said as much .
little Mrs Whitefoot became more excited than ever .
it may suit you for summer , but it doesn't suit me , and this place does .
let us waste no time about it .
I am anxious to get our home finished and to feel a little bit settled .
of course Whitefoot did as he was told .
he ran down to the ground and began to hunt for the things Mrs Whitefoot wanted .
he was very particular about it .
over that old nest she made a fine high roof .
CHAPTER XXX : the Whitefoots Enjoy Their New Home
no home is ever mean or poor Where love awaits you at the door .
but if you say it is all right , why of course it is all right .
so Whitefoot and Mrs Whitefoot settled down to enjoy their new home .
Whitefoot had chuckled .
now Buster is very fond of tender Wood Mouse .
he saw Buster glance up at the new home without the slightest interest in those shrewd little eyes of his .
again Whitefoot chuckled .
life seemed more beautiful than it had ever been before .
and he almost forgot that there was such a thing as a hungry enemy .
CHAPTER XXXI : Whitefoot Is Hurt
Whitefoot was hurt .
yes , sir , Whitefoot was hurt .
he was very much hurt .
and to make it worse , he couldn't understand it at all .
one evening he had been met at the little round doorway by little Mrs Whitefoot .
then he lost his temper .
you have no right to keep me out of it .
you see she quite filled that little round doorway .
finally , he had to give up trying .
once he had thought this the finest home possible , but now somehow it didn't suit him at all .
Whitefoot 's anger did not last long .
it was replaced by that hurt feeling .
several times he went back to see if Mrs Whitefoot felt any differently , but found she didn't .
finally she told him rather sharply to go away and stay away .
after that Whitefoot didn't venture over to the new home .
he would sometimes sit a short distance away and gaze at it longingly .
all the joy had gone out of the beautiful springtime for him .
he was quite as unhappy as he had been before he met little Mrs Whitefoot .
you see , he was even more lonely than he had been then .
it was very hard to bear .
CHAPTER XXXII : the Surprise
one never-to-be forgotten evening Whitefoot met Mrs Whitefoot and she invited him to come back to their home .
of course Whitefoot was delighted .
Whitefoot hesitated .
in the first place , it was dark in there .
in the second place , he had the feeling that somehow that little bedroom seemed crowded .
it hadn't been that way the last time he was there .
Mrs Whitefoot was right in front of him , and she seemed very much excited about something .
presently she crowded to one side .
Whitefoot looked .
in the middle of a soft bed of moss was a squirming mass of legs and funny little heads .
at first that was all Whitefoot could make out .
by this time Whitefoot had made out that that squirming mass of legs and heads was composed of baby Mice .
he counted them .
there were four .
Whitefoot asked in a queer voice .
Whitefoot shook his head .
I am so proud of them , I don't know what to do .
aren't you proud , Whitefoot ?
so Whitefoot didn't answer that question .
he simply sat and stared at those four squirming babies .
finally little Mrs Whitefoot gently pushed him out and followed him .
Whitefoot 's heart sank .
you will have to help take care of these babies .
why , they couldn't get along without you .
at that Whitefoot felt better .
and suddenly there was a queer swelling in his heart .
it was the beginning of pride , pride in those wonderful babies .
so now we will leave Whitefoot and his family .
they are Buster Bear 's Twins , and this is to be the title of the next book .
ALICE'S ADVENTURES UNDER GROUND
WITH THIRTY-SEVEN ILLUSTRATIONS BY THE AUTHOR
MACMILLAN AND CO .
AND NEW YORK @number@
I DOWN THE RABBIT-HOLE .
THE POOL OF TEARS
a LONG TALE .
THE RABBIT SENDS IN A LITTLE BILL
ADVICE FROM A CATERPILLAR
THE QUEEN'S CROQUET-GROUND .
THE MOCK TURTLE'S STORY .
THE LOBSTER QUADRILLE .
WHO STOLE THE TARTS ?
down , down , down .
would the fall never come to an end ?
but I shall have to ask them what the name of the country is , you know .
down , down , down : there was nothing else to do , so Alice soon began talking again .
oh , dear Dinah , I wish I had you here !
so she set to work , and very soon finished off the cake .
I 'm sure I can't !
ALICE'S RIGHT FOOT , ESQ .
let me think : was I the same when I got up this morning ?
I think I remember feeling rather different .
I 'll try if I know all the things I used to know .
I shall never get to twenty at this rate !
I must have been changed for Florence !
I 've made up my mind about it : if I 'm Florence , I 'll stay down here !
at this moment her foot slipped , and splash ! she was up to her chin in salt water .
well ! that 'll be a queer thing , to be sure !
nasty , low , vulgar things !
there was a Duck and a Dodo , a Lory and an Eaglet , and several other curious creatures .
Alice led the way , and the whole party swam to the shore .
this is the driest thing I know .
and the Duck quacked a comfortable laugh to itself .
some of the other birds tittered audibly .
the mouse only growled in reply .
and she 's such a capital one for catching mice , you can't think !
I wish you could see her after the birds !
on various pretexts , they all moved off , and Alice was soon left alone .
she 'll have me executed , as sure as ferrets are ferrets !
I do wonder what can have happened to me !
as for pulling me out of the window , I only wish they could !
I 'd nearly forgotten that I 've got to grow up again !
let me see ; how is it to be managed ?
the great question certainly was , what ?
this sounded promising : Alice turned and came back again .
do you think I can listen all day to such stuff ?
no , you 're a serpent , I know that well enough !
I 'm never sure what I 'm going to be , from one minute to another !
she said it to the Knave of Hearts , who only bowed and smiled in reply .
the Knave did so , very carefully , with one foot .
the soldiers were silent , and looked at Alice , as the question was evidently meant for her .
salmon go down !
happy summer days .
So questions one of England 's sweetest singers .
but this was a question I felt it would be hardly discreet for me to enter upon .
EVERY CHILD WHO LOVES
and is this a strange letter to find in a book of nonsense ?
it may be so .
Christmas , @number@ .
WORKS BY LEWIS CARROLL .
ALICE'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND .
crown 8vo , cloth , gilt edges , price 6 s . seventy-eighth Thousand .
AVENTURES D'ALICE AU PAYS DES MERVEILLES .
crown 8vo , cloth , gilt edges , price 6 s .
ALICE'S ABENTEUER IM WUNDERLAND .
AUS DEM ENGLISCHEN , VON ANTONIE ZIMMERMANN .
MITT @number@ ILLUSTRATIONEN VON JOHN TENNIEL .
crown 8vo , cloth , gilt edges , price 6 s .
LE AVVENTURE D'ALICE NEL PAESE DELLE MERAVIGLIE .
con @number@ Vignette di GIOVANNI TENNIEL .
crown 8vo , cloth , gilt edges , price 6 s .
THROUGH THE LOOKING-GLASS AND WHAT ALICE FOUND THERE .
crown 8vo , cloth , gilt edges , price 6 s . fifty sixth Thousand .
crown 8vo , cloth , coloured edges , price 6 s . fifth Thousand .
WORKS BY LEWIS CARROLL .
a TANGLED TALE .
crown 8vo , cloth , gilt edges , 4 s . 6 d . third Thousand .
THE GAME OF LOGIC .
crown 8vo , cloth , price 3 s .
ALICE'S ADVENTURES UNDER GROUND .
crown 8vo , cloth , gilt edges .
THE NURSERY ALICE .
End of Project Gutenberg 's Alice 's Adventures Under Ground , by Lewis Carroll
BY J M BARRIE
ILLUSTRATED BY F D BEDFORD
PETER BREAKS THROUGH @number@
THE SHADOW @number@
COME AWAY , COME AWAY ! @number@
THE FLIGHT @number@
THE ISLAND COME TRUE @number@
THE LITTLE HOUSE @number@
THE HOME UNDER THE GROUND @number@
THE MERMAIDS ' LAGOON @number@
THE NEVER BIRD @number@
THE HAPPY HOME @number@
WENDY'S STORY @number@
THE CHILDREN ARE CARRIED OFF @number@
DO YOU BELIEVE IN FAIRIES ? @number@
THE PIRATE SHIP @number@
THE RETURN HOME @number@
all children , except one , grow up .
they soon know that they will grow up , and the way Wendy knew was this .
you always know after you are two .
of course they lived at @number@ and until Wendy came her mother was the chief one .
she was a lovely lady , with a romantic mind and such a sweet mocking mouth .
he got all of her , except the innermost box and the kiss .
he never knew about the box , and in time he gave up trying for the kiss .
he was one of those deep ones who know about stocks and shares .
she drew them when she should have been totting up .
they were Mrs Darling 's guesses .
but she was prejudiced in Wendy 's favour , and he was really the grander character of the two .
she proved to be quite a treasure of a nurse .
of course her kennel was in the nursery .
there is a room in the basement of Miss Fulsom 's school where the nurses wait .
they sat on forms , while Nana lay on the floor , but that was the only difference .
he had his position in the city to consider .
Nana also troubled him in another way .
he had sometimes a feeling that she did not admire him .
the gaiety of those romps !
there never was a simpler happier family until the coming of Peter Pan .
Mrs Darling first heard of Peter when she was tidying up her children 's minds .
it is quite like tidying up drawers .
I don't know whether you have ever seen a map of a person 's mind .
of course the Neverlands vary a good deal .
on these magic shores children at play are for ever beaching their coracles .
that is why there are night-lights .
her mother had been questioning her .
but it would not blow over ; and soon the troublesome boy gave Mrs Darling quite a shock .
children have the strangest adventures without being troubled by them .
it was in this casual way that Wendy one morning made a disquieting revelation .
she was a tidy child .
unfortunately she never woke , so she didn't know how she knew , she just knew .
it was quite true ; the leaves had been found very near the window .
she was in a hurry to get her breakfast .
oh , surely she must have been dreaming .
but , on the other hand , there were the leaves .
she crawled about the floor , peering at it with a candle for marks of a strange foot .
she rattled the poker up the chimney and tapped the walls .
certainly Wendy had been dreaming .
on the night we speak of all the children were once more in bed .
it was something for Michael , who on his birthday was getting into shirts .
she was asleep .
look at the four of them , Wendy and Michael over there , John here , and Mrs Darling by the fire .
there should have been a fourth night-light .
while she slept she had a dream .
perhaps he is to be found in the faces of some mothers also .
when he saw she was a grown-up , he gnashed the little pearls at her .
she growled and sprang at the boy , who leapt lightly through the window .
Nana had no doubt of what was the best thing to do with this shadow .
the opportunity came a week later , on that never-to-be-forgotten Friday .
Many a time it was Mr Darling who put the handkerchief to Nana 's eyes .
Nana , it isn't six o'clock yet .
oh dear , oh dear , I shan't love you any more , Nana .
then Mrs Darling had come in , wearing her white evening-gown .
she was wearing Wendy 's bracelet on her arm ; she had asked for the loan of it .
Wendy so loved to lend her bracelet to her mother .
Michael had nearly cried .
then he had leapt into her arms .
they go on with their recollections .
Mr Darling would say , scorning himself ; and indeed he had been like a tornado .
perhaps there was some excuse for him .
this was such an occasion .
he came rushing into the nursery with the crumpled little brute of a tie in his hand .
he became dangerously sarcastic .
round the bed-post !
even then Mrs Darling was placid .
Mr Darling groaned .
it was an opportunity , his wife felt , for telling him about the boy .
at first he pooh-poohed the story , but he became thoughtful when she showed him the shadow .
strong man though he was , there is no doubt that he had behaved rather foolishly over the medicine .
immediately his spirits sank in the strangest way .
Wendy was quite puzzled .
his proud heart was nearly bursting .
Wendy had a splendid idea .
Mr Darling demanded .
Nana wagged her tail , ran to the medicine , and began lapping it .
Mr Darling was frightfully ashamed of himself , but he would not give in .
and still Wendy hugged Nana .
nobody coddles me .
oh dear no !
somehow they had got into the way of calling Liza the servants .
he felt he was a strong man again .
alas , he would not listen .
he was ashamed of himself , and yet he did it .
it was all owing to his too affectionate nature , which craved for admiration .
in the meantime Mrs Darling had put the children to bed in unwonted silence and lit their night-lights .
Mrs Darling quivered and went to the window .
it was securely fastened .
she looked out , and the night was peppered with stars .
they were the last words she was to hear from him for a long time .
they were already the only persons in the street , and all the stars were watching them .
COME AWAY , COME AWAY !
she was slightly inclined to embonpoint .
it is the fairy language .
Tink said that the shadow was in the big box .
he tried to stick it on with soap from the bathroom , but that also failed .
a shudder passed through Peter , and he sat on the floor and cried .
his sobs woke Wendy , and she sat up in bed .
she was much pleased , and bowed beautifully to him from the bed .
he felt for the first time that it was a shortish name .
she asked where he lived .
Peter had a sinking .
for the first time he felt that perhaps it was a funny address .
he wished she had not mentioned letters .
he thought them very overrated persons .
Wendy , however , felt at once that she was in the presence of a tragedy .
but she was exulting in his ignorance .
alas , he had already forgotten that he owed his bliss to Wendy .
he thought he had attached the shadow himself .
it is humiliating to have to confess that this conceit of Peter was one of his most fascinating qualities .
to put it with brutal frankness , there never was a cockier boy .
but for the moment Wendy was shocked .
still she would not look up , though she was listening eagerly .
it was lucky that she did put it on that chain , for it was afterwards to save her life .
he was extraordinarily agitated now .
still , he liked them on the whole , and he told her about the beginning of fairies .
Tedious talk this , but being a stay-at-home she liked it .
Wendy 's heart went flutter with a sudden thrill .
the sound came from the chest of drawers , and Peter made a merry face .
he had his first laugh still .
he let poor Tink out of the drawer , and she flew about the nursery screaming with fury .
Wendy was not listening to him .
he had to translate .
he tried to argue with Tink .
they were together in the armchair by this time , and Wendy plied him with more questions .
if they are not claimed in seven days they are sent far away to the Neverland to defray expenses .
this flattered Wendy immensely .
for reply Peter rose and kicked John out of bed , blankets and all ; one kick .
however , John continued to sleep so placidly on the floor that she allowed him to remain there .
for the moment she had forgotten his ignorance about kisses .
she kissed him .
Peter thimbled her , and almost immediately she screeched .
and indeed Tink was darting about again , using offensive language .
it is to listen to the stories .
he had become frightfully cunning .
she was wriggling her body in distress .
but he had no pity for her .
how could she resist .
John rubbed his eyes .
of course he was on the floor already .
their faces assumed the awful craftiness of children listening for sounds from the grown-up world .
all was as still as salt .
then everything was right .
no , stop !
everything was wrong .
it was her silence they had heard .
they were really doing it artfully from behind the window curtains .
here Michael , encouraged by his success , breathed so loudly that they were nearly detected .
Nana knew that kind of breathing , and she tried to drag herself out of Liza 's clutches .
but Liza was dense .
she tied the unhappy dog up again , but do you think Nana ceased to bark ?
bring master and missus home from the party !
why , that was just what she wanted .
do you think she cared whether she was whipped so long as her charges were safe ?
we now return to the nursery .
he was quite a practical boy .
he showed them again .
they were all on their beds , and gallant Michael let go first .
John let go and met Wendy near the bathroom .
Peter gave Wendy a hand at first , but had to desist , Tink was so indignant .
up and down they went , and round and round .
Heavenly was Wendy 's word .
of course it was to this that Peter had been luring them .
Michael was ready : he wanted to see how long it took him to do a billion miles .
but Wendy hesitated .
in a tremble they opened the street door .
Mr Darling would have rushed upstairs , but Mrs Darling signed to him to go softly .
she even tried to make her heart go softly .
will they reach the nursery in time ?
then Peter knew that there was not a moment to lose .
the birds were flown .
Peter , you see , just said anything that came into his head .
they were flying over the sea before this thought began to disturb Wendy seriously .
John thought it was their second sea and their third night .
this was true ; Peter had forgotten to show them how to stop .
indeed they were constantly bumping .
if Nana had been with them , she would have had a bandage round Michael 's forehead by this time .
Peter was not with them for the moment , and they felt rather lonely up there by themselves .
it was really rather irritating to children who had never seen a mermaid .
Wendy was sure of it .
he was very sorry .
of course this was rather unsatisfactory .
it is only thus that any one may sight those magic shores .
it came as the arrows went , leaving the island in gloom .
they had been flying apart , but they huddled close to Peter now .
they were now over the fearsome island , flying so low that sometimes a tree grazed their feet .
sometimes they hung in the air until Peter had beaten on it with his fists .
Wendy whispered , shuddering .
Tinker Bell had been asleep on his shoulder , but now he wakened her and sent her on in front .
having done these things , he went on again .
his courage was almost appalling .
Peter spoke indignantly .
I would wake him first , and then kill him .
John paled .
Wendy quite liked it , until Peter pointed out the drawback .
for a moment the circle of light was broken , and something gave Peter a loving little pinch .
that is about the only thing fairies can't do .
he had a happy idea .
John 's hat !
John carried it , though she had hoped to be carried by Peter .
in the black topper the light was completely hidden , and they flew on in silence .
even these noises ceased .
to Michael the loneliness was dreadful .
the pirates had fired Long Tom at them .
when at last the heavens were steady again , John and Michael found themselves alone in the darkness .
John was treading the air mechanically , and Michael without knowing how to float was floating .
John whispered tremulously .
we know now that no one had been hit .
it would have been well for Wendy if at that moment she had dropped the hat .
they are , however , allowed to change , only it must be a complete change .
at present she was full of jealousy of Wendy .
what else could poor Wendy do ?
THE ISLAND COME TRUE
feeling that Peter was on his way back , the Neverland had again woke into life .
in his absence things are usually quiet on the island .
they have therefore become very sure-footed .
poor kind Tootles , there is danger in the air for you to-night .
as dogs this terrible man treated and addressed them , and as dogs they obeyed him .
but undoubtedly the grimmest part of him was his iron claw .
let us now kill a pirate , to show Hook 's method .
skylights will do .
he has not even taken the cigars from his mouth .
which will win ?
they carry tomahawks and knives , and their naked bodies gleam with paint and oil .
observe how they pass over fallen twigs without making the slightest noise .
the only sound to be heard is their somewhat heavy breathing .
for the moment , however , it constitutes their chief danger .
their tongues are hanging out , they are hungry to-night .
then quickly they will be on top of each other .
this shows how real the island was .
the first to fall out of the moving circle was the boys .
they flung themselves down on the sward , close to their underground home .
they talked of Cinderella , and Tootles was confident that his mother must have been very like her .
while they talked they heard a distant sound .
they are no longer there .
rabbits could not have disappeared more quickly .
I will tell you where they are .
will he find it to-night ?
but an iron claw gripped his shoulder .
now for the first time we hear the voice of Hook .
it was a black voice .
one could mention many lovable traits in Smee .
for instance , after killing , it was his spectacles he wiped instead of his weapon .
the pirates disappeared among the trees , and in a moment their captain and Smee were alone .
anon he caught the word Peter .
he brandished the hook threateningly .
then again he frowned .
he lowered his voice .
he sat down on a large mushroom , and now there was a quiver in his voice .
he laughed , but in a hollow way .
Hook wetted his dry lips .
since sitting down he had felt curiously warm .
he jumped up .
stranger still , smoke began at once to ascend .
the pirates looked at each other .
they had indeed discovered the chimney of the home under the ground .
it was the custom of the boys to stop it with a mushroom when enemies were in the neighbourhood .
not only smoke came out of it .
the pirates listened grimly , and then replaced the mushroom .
they looked around them and noted the holes in the seven trees .
Smee whispered , fidgeting with Johnny Corkscrew .
Hook nodded .
Smee had been waiting for it .
that shows they have no mother .
we will leave the cake on the shore of the mermaids ' lagoon .
these boys are always swimming about there , playing with the mermaids .
Smee had listened with growing admiration .
they began the verse , but they never finished it , for another sound broke in and stilled them .
tick tick tick tick .
Hook stood shuddering , one foot in the air .
it was indeed the crocodile .
it had passed the redskins , who were now on the trail of the other pirates .
it oozed on after Hook .
the tongues of the pursuers were hanging out ; the baying of them was horrible .
it was a high compliment to Peter that at that dire moment their thoughts turned to him .
now Nibs rose from the ground , and the others thought that his staring eyes still saw the wolves .
but it was not wolves he saw .
Wendy was now almost overhead , and they could hear her plaintive cry .
it was not in their nature to question when Peter ordered .
all but Tootles popped down their trees .
he had a bow and arrow with him , and Tink noted it , and rubbed her little hands .
the others did not hear her .
they had crowded round Wendy , and as they looked a terrible silence fell upon the wood .
if Wendy 's heart had been beating they would all have heard it .
they all whipped off their caps .
he threw himself sorrowfully on the ground .
he moved slowly away .
they heard Peter crow .
but Tootles stood aloof .
he frowned .
they opened their mouths , but the cheers would not come .
he overlooked it in his haste to tell the glorious tidings .
still no sound , except a little thud from Tootles as he dropped on his knees .
they would all have been glad to follow if he had done this .
but there was the arrow .
he took it from her heart and faced his band .
he bared his breast .
all looked at him in wonder , save Nibs , who fortunately looked at Wendy .
wonderful to relate , Wendy had raised her arm .
Nibs bent over her and listened reverently .
then Peter knelt beside her and found his button .
it is the kiss I gave her .
Peter did not hear him .
he was begging Wendy to get better quickly , so that he could show her the mermaids .
she flew on to his shoulder and pleaded , but he brushed her off .
do you think Tinker Bell was grateful to Wendy for raising her arm ?
fairies indeed are strange , and Peter , who understood them best , often cuffed them .
they were all delighted .
gut our house .
in a moment they were as busy as tailors the night before a wedding .
of course he meant to leave room for chairs and a table .
John and Michael watched him .
the astounded brothers were dragged away to hack and hew and carry .
Peter thought of everything .
if they broke down in their make-believe he rapped them on the knuckles .
she was lying at their feet , but Slightly had the sense not to see her .
it was an anxious moment when the glass thing was withdrawn .
Peter strode up and down , ordering finishing touches .
nothing escaped his eagle eye .
absolutely finished now , they thought .
this gave Peter an idea .
he snatched the hat off John 's head , knocked out the bottom , and put the hat on the roof .
nothing remained to do but to knock .
the door opened and a lady came out .
it was Wendy .
they all whipped off their hats .
she looked properly surprised , and this was just how they had hoped she would look .
of course Slightly was the first to get his word in .
Wendy said , all shining .
and that was the first of the many joyous evenings they had with Wendy .
THE HOME UNDER THE GROUND
one of the first things Peter did next day was to measure Wendy and John and Michael for hollow trees .
Wendy and Michael fitted their trees at the first try , but John had to be altered a little .
after a few days ' practice they could go up and down as gaily as buckets in a well .
no woman , however large , could have had a more exquisite boudoir and bedchamber combined .
the cooking , I can tell you , kept her nose to the pot .
Make-believe was so real to him that during a meal of it you could see him getting rounder .
Wendy 's favourite time for sewing and darning was after they had all gone to bed .
you remember about her pet wolf .
after that it followed her about everywhere .
Peter did not compete .
by the way , the questions were all written in the past tense .
Wendy , you see , had been forgetting too .
but she was never quite sure , you know .
should we take the brush with the redskins at Slightly Gulch ?
fortunately the leaf gave way and Wendy woke , thinking it was bath-time , and swam back .
which of these adventures shall we choose ?
the best way will be to toss for it .
I have tossed , and the lagoon has won .
this almost makes one wish that the gulch or the cake or Tink 's leaf had won .
THE MERMAIDS ' LAGOON
but just before they go on fire you see the lagoon .
he gave Wendy one of their combs .
this is the one mark that John has left on the Neverland .
it was one such day , and they were all on Marooners ' Rock .
she was very busy , stitching .
little shivers ran over it , and the sun went away and shadows stole across the water , turning it cold .
what was it ?
they drown when the tide rises , for then it is submerged .
she stood over them to let them have their sleep out .
the others came closer to him .
a strange smile was playing about his face , and Wendy saw it and shuddered .
the order came sharp and incisive .
there was a gleam of legs , and instantly the lagoon seemed deserted .
Marooners ' Rock stood alone in the forbidding waters , as if it were itself marooned .
her hands and ankles were tied , and she knew what was to be her fate .
now her fate would help to guard it also .
Wendy was crying , for it was the first tragedy she had seen .
Peter had seen many tragedies , but he had forgotten them all .
there was almost nothing he could not do , and he now imitated the voice of Hook .
it was a marvellous imitation .
Peter may have been about to crow , but his face puckered in a whistle of surprise instead .
now Wendy understood .
the real Hook was also in the water .
he was tingling with life and also top-heavy with conceit .
he signed to her to listen .
then at last he spoke passionately .
Affrighted though she was , Wendy swelled with pride .
what a lesson .
the nest must have fallen into the water , but would the mother desert her eggs ?
Hook winced .
he was roused from this dejection by Smee 's eager voice .
again Wendy forgot herself .
but they could see nothing .
they thought it must have been but a leaf in the wind .
by this time they were on the rock , and suddenly Hook remembered Tiger Lily .
he had a playful humour at moments , and they thought this was one of the moments .
Hook raised his voice , but there was a quiver in it .
he saw his men draw back from him .
he felt his ego slipping from him .
suddenly he tried the guessing game .
this answer rang out scornfully .
Hook was completely puzzled .
Smee reflected .
of course in his pride he was carrying the game too far , and the miscreants saw their chance .
in a moment Hook was himself again , and Smee and Starkey were his faithful henchmen .
Starkey , mind the boat .
the fight was short and sharp .
first to draw blood was John , who gallantly climbed into the boat and held Starkey .
there was a fierce struggle , in which the cutlass was torn from the pirate 's grasp .
he wriggled overboard and John leapt after him .
the dinghy drifted away .
in the confusion some struck at their own side .
the corkscrew of Smee got Tootles in the fourth rib , but he was himself pinked in turn by Curly .
he was seeking bigger game .
the others were all brave boys , and they must not be blamed for backing from the pirate captain .
but there was one who did not fear him : there was one prepared to enter that circle .
strangely , it was not in the water that they met .
Hook rose to the rock to breathe , and at the same moment Peter scaled it on the opposite side .
the rock was slippery as a ball , and they had to crawl rather than climb .
neither knew that the other was coming .
had it been so with Peter at that moment I would admit it .
after all , this was the only man that the Sea-Cook had feared .
he gave the pirate a hand to help him up .
it was then that Hook bit him .
not the pain of this but its unfairness was what dazed Peter .
it made him quite helpless .
he could only stare , horrified .
every child is affected thus the first time he is treated unfairly .
he often met it , but he always forgot it .
twice the iron hand clawed him .
they were not very anxious , they had such faith in Peter .
two small figures were beating against the rock ; the girl had fainted and lay on the boy 's arm .
with a last effort Peter pulled her up the rock and then lay down beside her .
Even as he also fainted he saw that the water was rising .
he knew that they would soon be drowned , but he could do no more .
but he had to tell her the truth .
he had to tell her .
she had to admit that she was too tired .
he moaned .
Hook wounded me .
they put their hands over their eyes to shut out the sight .
they thought they would soon be no more .
it was the tail of a kite , which Michael had made some days before .
it had torn itself out of his hand and floated away .
Peter was alone on the lagoon .
the rock was very small now ; soon it would be submerged .
Peter was not quite like other boys ; but he was afraid at last .
she had come to save him , to give him her nest , though there were eggs in it .
Peter answered .
then Peter tried slow and distinct .
the Never bird became irritated ; they have very short tempers .
there were two large white eggs , and Peter lifted them up and reflected .
Peter put the eggs into this hat and set it on the lagoon .
it floated beautifully .
at the same moment the bird fluttered down upon the hat and once more sat snugly on her eggs .
she drifted in one direction , and he was borne off in another , both cheering .
one important result of the brush on the lagoon was that it made the redskins their friends .
her private opinion was that the redskins should not call her a squaw .
this was telling , and Slightly seized his chance .
John , however , had held up his hand first .
Wendy was scandalised .
this was grumbling .
once Tootles began , which was not very often , he had a silly way of going on .
he was already in his basket .
then at last he stopped .
the hateful telling broke out again .
above , the redskins crouched before Peter .
and then , as so often before , the gay children dragged him from his tree .
he had brought nuts for the boys as well as the correct time for Wendy .
the first twin came to Peter .
Peter was really the best dancer among them , but he pretended to be scandalised .
so they were told they could dance , but they must put on their nighties first .
she went to him and put her hand on his shoulder .
now we know why she was prejudiced against the redskins .
here Tink , who was in her boudoir , eavesdropping , squeaked out something impudent .
he had a sudden idea .
she had said it so often that Wendy needed no translation .
fancy Wendy snapping .
if she had known she would not have snapped .
none of them knew .
perhaps it was best not to know .
they sang and danced in their night-gowns .
but to-night he remained on his stool ; and we shall see what happened .
she had now come to the part that Peter hated .
can they be John and Michael ?
that was the story , and they were as pleased with it as the fair narrator herself .
everything just as it should be , you see .
she felt him solicitously , lower down than his chest .
so this was the truth about mothers .
Panic-stricken at the thought of losing Wendy the lost boys had advanced upon her threateningly .
he drew his hanger ; and for that instant his sun was at noon .
the others held back uneasily .
then Peter returned , and they saw at once that they would get no support from him .
he would keep no girl in the Neverland against her will .
then she pretended to be asleep again .
this made her leap to the floor .
in the meantime the boys were gazing very forlornly at Wendy , now equipped with John and Michael for the journey .
novelty was beckoning to them as usual .
crediting them with a nobler feeling Wendy melted .
Nibs asked in the middle of his jump .
thus children are ever ready , when novelty knocks , to desert their dearest ones .
she loved to give them medicine , and undoubtedly gave them too much .
she had to run about after him , though it was rather undignified .
now , if Peter had ever quite had a mother , he no longer missed her .
he could do very well without one .
he had thought them out , and remembered only their bad points .
they gazed blankly at him , their sticks over their backs , and on each stick a bundle .
their first thought was that if Peter was not going he had probably changed his mind about letting them go .
but he was far too proud for that .
the awful cynicism of this made an uncomfortable impression , and most of them began to look rather doubtful .
after all , their faces said , were they not noodles to want to go ?
she had to take his hand , as there was no indication that he would prefer a thimble .
she was always so particular about their flannels .
that seemed to be everything ; and an awkward pause followed .
Peter , however , was not the kind that breaks down before people .
below , there was dead silence .
mouths opened and remained open .
Wendy fell on her knees , but her arms were extended toward Peter .
THE CHILDREN ARE CARRIED OFF
through the long black night the savage scouts wriggle , snake-like , among the grass without stirring a blade .
the brushwood closes behind them as silently as sand into which a mole has dived .
they left nothing undone that was consistent with the reputation of their tribe .
they knew it ; but as their fathers ' sons they acquitted themselves .
it is no part of ours to describe what was a massacre rather than a fight .
thus perished many of the flower of the Piccaninny tribe .
Scourie , Chas .
Turley , and the Alsatian Foggerty .
what were his own feelings about himself at that triumphant moment ?
it was Pan he wanted , Pan and Wendy and their band , but chiefly Pan .
Peter was such a small boy that one tends to wonder at the man 's hatred of him .
it was not his courage , it was not his engaging appearance , it was not .
it was Peter 's cockiness .
the question now was how to get down the trees , or how to get his dogs down ?
he ran his greedy eyes over them , searching for the thinnest ones .
which side had won ?
now Smee had found the tom-tom , and was at that moment sitting on it .
twice Smee beat upon the instrument , and then stopped to listen gleefully .
they smirked at each other and rubbed their hands .
DO YOU BELIEVE IN FAIRIES ?
the first to emerge from his tree was Curly .
a different treatment was accorded to Wendy , who came last .
she was only a little girl .
his lip was curled with malicious triumph .
again Hook 's genius surmounted difficulties .
he indicated that the little house must be used as a conveyance .
it dried up any trickle of pity for him that may have remained in the pirate 's infuriated breast .
there was no way of knowing , save by going down .
then silently he let himself go into the unknown .
on the bed lay Peter fast asleep .
then he decided not to take his medicine , so as to grieve Wendy .
for hours he could not be separated from these dreams , though he wailed piteously in them .
they had to do , I think , with the riddle of his existence .
thus defenceless Hook found him .
he stood silent at the foot of the tree looking across the chamber at his enemy .
did no feeling of compassion disturb his sombre breast ?
what stayed him was Peter 's impertinent appearance as he slept .
they steeled Hook 's heart .
it did not entirely fill the aperture , and he had been looking over it .
feeling for the catch , he found to his fury that it was low down , beyond his reach .
was his enemy to escape him after all .
but what was that ?
the red in his eye had caught sight of Peter 's medicine standing on a ledge within easy reach .
he fathomed what it was straightway , and immediately he knew that the sleeper was in his power .
Peter slept on .
the light guttered and went out , leaving the tenement in darkness ; but still he slept .
Soft and cautious , but in that stillness it was sinister .
Peter felt for his dagger till his hand gripped it .
then he spoke .
he was thrilled , and he loved being thrilled .
in two strides he reached his door .
then at last the visitor spoke , in a lovely bell-like voice .
she flew in excitedly , her face flushed and her dress stained with mud .
Peter 's heart bobbed up and down as he listened .
as he leapt he thought of something he could do to please her .
he could take his medicine .
his hand closed on the fatal draught .
nevertheless Hook 's words had left no room for doubt .
the cup was poisoned .
he raised the cup .
but she did not answer .
already she was reeling in the air .
his head almost filled the fourth wall of her little room as he knelt near her in distress .
she liked his tears so much that she put out her beautiful finger and let them run over it .
her voice was so low that at first he could not make out what she said .
then he made it out .
she was saying that she thought she could get well again if children believed in fairies .
Peter flung out his arms .
Tink sat up in bed almost briskly to listen to her fate .
Many clapped .
some didn't .
a few little beasts hissed .
but morning was needed to search for such guidance , and he could not wait .
the upper world had called him , but would give no help .
he was frightfully happy .
she was wrapped in the blanket of night , through which no sound from her could have reached the shore .
of this , as of almost everything else , Smee was quite unconscious .
Hook trod the deck in thought .
it was his hour of triumph .
but there was no elation in his gait , which kept pace with the action of his sombre mind .
Hook was profoundly dejected .
it was because he was so terribly alone .
this inscrutable man never felt more alone than when surrounded by his dogs .
they were socially so inferior to him .
Hook was not his true name .
but above all he retained the passion for good form .
however much he may have degenerated , he still knew that this is all that really matters .
his vitals were tortured by this problem .
it was as if Peter 's terrible oath had boarded the ship .
it was in his darkest hours only that he referred to himself in the third person .
Michael had tried on his spectacles .
to tell poor Smee that they thought him lovable !
Hook itched to do it , but it seemed too brutal .
instead , he revolved this mystery in his mind : why do they find Smee lovable ?
he pursued the problem like the sleuth-hound that he was .
the unhappy Hook was as impotent as he was damp , and he fell forward like a cut flower .
the wretched prisoners were dragged from the hold , all except Wendy , and ranged in line in front of him .
all children know this about mothers , and despise them for it , but make constant use of it .
Michael was naturally impressed .
he wanted John to decide , and John wanted him to decide .
John inquired .
perhaps John had not behaved very well so far , but he shone out now .
bring up their mother .
they were only boys , and they went white as they saw Jukes and Cecco preparing the fatal plank .
but they tried to look brave when Wendy was brought up .
no words of mine can tell you how Wendy despised those pirates .
with a hasty gesture he tried to hide it , but he was too late .
at this moment Wendy was grand .
but Hook had found his voice again .
it was Smee who tied her to the mast .
Hook smiled on them with his teeth closed , and took a step toward Wendy .
his intention was to turn her face so that she should see the boys walking the plank one by one .
he heard something else instead .
it was the terrible tick-tick of the crocodile .
very frightful was it to see the change that came over him .
it was as if he had been clipped at every joint .
he fell in a little heap .
they had no thought of fighting it .
it was Fate .
it was Peter .
then he went on ticking .
now such an experience had come that night to Peter .
he ticked superbly , but with one unforeseen result .
thus many animals pass from land to water , but no other human of whom I know .
he had ticked so long that he now went on ticking without knowing that he was doing it .
at first he thought the sound did come from the crocodile , and he looked behind him swiftly .
Peter struck true and deep .
John clapped his hands on the ill-fated pirate 's mouth to stifle the dying groan .
he fell forward .
four boys caught him to prevent the thud .
Peter gave the signal , and the carrion was cast overboard .
there was a splash , and then silence .
how long has it taken ?
there was not a sound , and he drew himself up firmly to his full height .
at that they fell on their knees .
Peter was in the cabin !
the children gazed at each other .
it wailed through the ship , and died away .
the Italian Cecco hesitated for a moment and then swung into the cabin .
the exultation of the boys , the lowering looks of the pirates , both were seen by Hook .
Cecco went , first flinging up his arms despairingly .
no one spoke except Slightly .
Hook rallied his dogs with a gesture .
Starkey cried .
Starkey looked round for help , but all deserted him .
as he backed Hook advanced , and now the red spark was in his eye .
with a despairing scream the pirate leapt upon Long Tom and precipitated himself into the sea .
he wetted his lips to be ready , but Hook came staggering out , without his lantern .
his reluctance to return to the cabin impressed them all unfavourably , and the mutinous sounds again broke forth .
at this the children could not resist raising a cheer .
open the cabin door and drive them in .
let them fight the doodle-doo for their lives .
for the last time his dogs admired Hook , and devotedly they did his bidding .
the boys , pretending to struggle , were pushed into the cabin and the door was closed on them .
but not one dared to face the door .
yes , one , Wendy , who all this time had been bound to the mast .
she had not long to wait .
then he took a great breath and crowed .
some of them remembered that this had been a saying of Flint 's .
in that frightful moment I think his fierce heart broke .
they had done for his dogs , but this man alone seemed to be a match for them all .
again and again they closed upon him , and again and again he hewed a clear space .
the others drew back and formed a ring round them .
Hook did so instantly , but with a tragic feeling that Peter was showing good form .
hitherto he had thought it was some fiend fighting him , but darker suspicions assailed him now .
and again and again he darted in and pricked .
Hook was fighting now without hope .
now , now , he thought , true form will show .
but Peter issued from the powder magazine with the shell in his hands , and calmly flung it overboard .
what sort of form was Hook himself showing ?
for we have come to his last moment .
he had one last triumph , which I think we need not grudge him .
at last Hook had got the boon for which he craved .
thus perished James Hook .
the lateness of the hour was almost the biggest thing of all .
Nibs and John were first and second mate .
there was a woman aboard .
the rest were tars before the mast , and lived in the fo'c'sle .
his bluff strident words struck the note sailors understand , and they cheered him lustily .
instant obedience was the only safe thing .
we are no more than servants .
this would spoil so completely the surprise to which Wendy and John and Michael are looking forward .
however , we should get no thanks even for this .
you see , the woman had no proper spirit .
she does not really need to be told to have things ready , for they are ready .
for all the use we are to her , we might go back to the ship .
however , as we are here we may as well stay and look on .
that is all we are , lookers-on .
nobody really wants us .
so let us watch and say jaggy things , in the hope that some of them will hurt .
very touching was his deference to Nana .
he would not let her come into the kennel , but on all other matters he followed her wishes implicitly .
it may have been quixotic , but it was magnificent .
on that eventful Thursday week Mrs Darling was in the night-nursery awaiting George 's return home : a very sad-eyed woman .
if she was too fond of her rubbishy children she couldn't help it .
look at her in her chair , where she has fallen asleep .
her hand moves restlessly on her breast as if she had a pain there .
suppose , to make her happy , we whisper to her in her sleep that the brats are coming back .
social success had not spoilt him ; it had made him sweeter .
Peter 's first words tell all .
that 's right .
this trick had been in his head all the time .
he peeped again , and the tears were still there , or another two had taken their place .
he was angry with her now for not seeing why she could not have Wendy .
but the lady would not make the best of it , and he was unhappy .
he ceased to look at her , but even then she would not let go of him .
then he unbarred the window .
but John whistled .
Wendy and John had been taken aback somewhat at finding their father in the kennel .
it was then that Mrs Darling began playing again .
but Wendy , who saw that they must break the joyous news more gently , had a better plan .
the children waited for her cry of joy , but it did not come .
she saw them , but she did not believe they were there .
she sat down in the chair by the fire , where in the old days she had nursed them .
they could not understand this , and a cold fear fell upon all the three of them .
Wendy cried .
he knew her now .
WHEN WENDY GREW UP
they went up by the stair , because they thought this would make a better impression .
they said nothing , but their eyes asked her to have them .
Wendy cried , shocked ; but still the cloud was on him .
he knew he was behaving unworthily , but he could not help it .
Mrs Darling exclaimed , pained to see her dear one showing himself in such an unfavourable light .
as for Peter , he saw Wendy once again before he flew away .
that was what she did .
Mrs Darling came to the window , for at present she was keeping a sharp eye on Wendy .
of course Peter promised ; and then he flew away .
he took Mrs Darling 's kiss with him .
but she seemed satisfied .
it is sad to have to say that the power to fly gradually left them .
in time they could not even fly after their hats .
next year he did not come for her .
that was the last time the girl Wendy ever saw him .
Wendy was grown up .
you need not be sorry for her .
she was one of the kind that likes to grow up .
in the end she grew up of her own free will a day quicker than other girls .
Michael is an engine-driver .
you see that judge in a wig coming out at the iron door ?
that used to be Tootles .
the bearded man who doesn't know any story to tell his children was once John .
Wendy was married in white with a pink sash .
it is strange to think that Peter did not alight in the church and forbid the banns .
years rolled on again , and Wendy had a daughter .
when she was old enough to ask them they were mostly about Peter Pan .
that was the time for stories .
or perhaps Wendy admits that she does see something .
they are now embarked on the great adventure of the night when Peter flew in looking for his shadow .
Wendy said it with a smile .
Jane asked one evening .
Wendy was a little startled .
then the window blew open as of old , and Peter dropped on the floor .
he was a little boy , and she was grown up .
she huddled by the fire not daring to move , helpless and guilty , a big woman .
Peter looked .
she knew it was useless to say that he had let many spring-cleaning times pass .
she had risen ; and now at last a fear assailed him .
she let her hands play in the hair of the tragic boy .
then she turned up the light , and Peter saw .
she had to tell him .
I am ever so much more than twenty .
of course he did not strike .
she was only a woman now , and she ran out of the room to try to think .
Peter continued to cry , and soon his sobs woke Jane .
she sat up in bed , and was interested at once .
Peter rose and bowed to her , and she bowed to him from the bed .
Wendy rushed to the window .
of course in the end Wendy let them fly away together .
End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Peter and Wendy , by James Matthew Barrie
my former teacher HATTIE GORDON SMITH in grateful remembrance of her sympathy and encouragement .
this pleasant vision was shattered by a most unpleasant interruption .
Feminine Avonlea took its revenge by the gruesome tales it related about his house-keeping and cooking .
he had hired little John Henry Carter of White Sands and John Henry started the stories .
for one thing , there was never any stated time for meals in the Harrison establishment .
as for washing dishes , Mr Harrison never made any pretence of doing it unless a rainy Sunday came .
finally , Mr Harrison kept a parrot called Ginger .
nobody in Avonlea had ever kept a parrot before ; consequently that proceeding was considered barely respectable .
it swore terribly .
Mrs Carter showed everybody the mark when the luckless John Henry went home on Sundays .
Patience has ceased to be a virtue , miss .
bless my soul , trouble enough , I should think .
the third time , mark you .
I found her in last Tuesday and I found her in yesterday .
I came here and told your aunt not to let it occur again .
she has let it occur again .
where 's your aunt , miss ?
Sorry isn't going to help matters any .
I promise you that Dolly shall never break into your oats again .
grievously disturbed in mind , Anne marched across the yard and shut the naughty Jersey up in the milking pen .
I believe it is true about Mr Harrison being a crank .
they discussed the matter at the tea table .
I don't know how many aunts he has got , I am sure .
I 'll be more than thankful when the crop is in and Mr Barry takes over the farm .
Davy had been out making mud pies and Dora went out to call him in .
Mary said Dora was really a very good child but that Davy was full of mischief .
he has never had any bringing up you might say .
I hope their uncle will look after them .
it was her husband . ..y ..y he was our third cousin .
there 's Mrs Lynde coming through the yard .
I thought he looked pretty mad .
Anne and Marilla furtively exchanged amused smiles .
few things in Avonlea ever escaped Mrs Lynde .
it was only that morning Anne had said ,
I don't know what Avonlea is coming to , with so many strange people rushing into it .
well , there 's a family of Donnells , for one thing .
they 've rented Peter Sloane 's old house .
Peter has hired the man to run his mill .
they belong down east and nobody knows anything about them .
she washes her dishes SITTING DOWN .
Mrs George Pye has taken her husband 's orphan nephew , Anthony Pye .
and you 'll have another strange pupil , too .
Paul Irving is coming from the States to live with his grandmother .
Stephen went off to the States and went into business with his uncle and married a Yankee .
he 's never been home since , though his mother has been up to see him once or twice .
his wife died two years ago and he 's sending the boy home to his mother for a spell .
he 's ten years old and I don't know if he 'll be a very desirable pupil .
I should think Mrs Irving would be very glad to have the child .
Mrs Rachel 's opinions concerning any person , place , or thing , were always warranted to wear .
it is Avonlea itself .
there are lots of things which might be done to make it prettier .
but there , I know you 'll go ahead with it if you 've set your mind on it .
Anne 's heart was bent on forming the Improvement Society .
selling in Haste and Repenting at Leisure
Anne drove over to Carmody on a shopping expedition the next afternoon and took Diana Barry with her .
father says we 'll never succeed in DOING that .
you know that three-cornered piece of ground where the roads from Carmody and Newbridge and White Sands meet ?
there 's the old Boulter house now .
did you ever see such a rookery ?
Diana shook her head .
don't you remember how cross mother and Marilla were when we imagined ghosts into the Haunted Wood ?
besides , those children aren't dead .
they 're all grown up and doing well . ..y ..y and one of them is a butcher .
Anne smothered a little sigh .
she loved Diana dearly and they had always been good comrades .
the way to it was by an enchanted path where not even her dearest might follow her .
she doesn't hear me !
well , she 'll never get that cow out by herself .
Anne was charging through the grain like a mad thing .
behind them they left a trail that would break Mr Harrison 's heart when he should see it .
but the Jersey cow appeared to see no good reason for being hustled out of her luscious browsing ground .
Diana did run .
privately , Diana thought she was .
there is no denying that Anne was in anything but an angelic temper at that precise moment .
she 'll go to town with the rest of the shipment this evening .
Dolly was my own cow and it isn't likely she 'd bring more than twenty dollars at the auction .
well , it has taught me a lesson not to give my word of honor about cows .
I don't see how she got out of the pen , though .
Martin has never come back yet .
perhaps some more of his aunts have died .
I think it 's something like Mr Peter Sloane and the octogenarians .
Marilla was looking over Anne 's Carmody purchases when she heard a shrill shriek in the barnyard .
a minute later Anne dashed into the kitchen , wringing her hands .
this is terrible .
there 's no dream about it , though it 's very like a nightmare .
and Mr Harrison 's cow is in Charlottetown by this time .
we can offer him our Jersey in exchange if he doesn't want to take the money .
he seems to be an irritable sort of a man .
I 'll go myself and I 'll go at once .
but what were they compared to the justly offended Mr Harrison ?
she would take it to Mr Harrison as a peace offering .
Mr Harrison himself was sitting on his vineshaded veranda , in his shirt sleeves , enjoying his evening pipe .
but it nearly swept the remnant of her courage from Anne 's heart .
I got him from my brother who was a sailor .
she couldn't afford to snub Mr Harrison under the circumstances , that was certain .
I was too hasty yesterday , that 's a fact .
it makes me so nervous .
this morning I went to Carmody and when I came back I saw a Jersey cow in your oats .
I sold her to him on the spot for twenty dollars .
I should have waited and consulted Marilla , of course .
but I 'm dreadfully given to doing things without thinking everybody who knows me will tell you that .
I 'll be seventeen next March . ..y ..y but it seems that I haven't .
Mr Harrison , is it too much to hope that you 'll forgive me ?
she 's a very good cow .
accidents will happen .
I 'm so glad you are not vexed .
I 'm much obliged to you .
it looks good on top .
I 'll put the kettle on and we 'll have a cup of tea .
Mr Harrison chuckled .
Anne hopped briskly up and went to work .
then she swept the stove and set the table , bringing the dishes out of the pantry .
the state of that pantry horrified Anne , but she wisely said nothing .
Mr Harrison told her where to find the bread and butter and a can of peaches .
Anne adorned the table with a bouquet from the garden and shut her eyes to the stains on the tablecloth .
she could hardly believe the evidence of her senses .
but Ginger 's feelings had been grievously hurt and he rejected all overtures of friendship .
maybe it had some reference to his temper .
I 've tried . ..y ..y other people have tried .
some folks have prejudices against parrots .
Silly , ain't it ?
I like them myself .
Ginger 's a lot of company to me .
Mr Harrison found out about the Improvement Society and was disposed to approve of it .
but to hear a practical outsider like Mr Harrison saying it was an entirely different thing .
I think a truly perfect person would be very uninteresting .
I 'm kind of interested in that society of yours .
Mr Harrison shook his fist at the parrot .
but there is a good side to it too .
Jane would go to Newbridge and Gilbert to White Sands .
but I don't believe a teacher should be cross .
Jane was not troubled by any aspirations to be an influence for good .
further ambitions Jane had none .
no , if I can't get along without whipping I shall not try to teach school .
there are better ways of managing .
I 'm sure it wouldn't do any good .
I don't believe in whipping children MUCH .
Jane tossed her head .
Anne gave Gilbert a disappointed glance .
that is what our School Management professor at Queen 's told us , you know .
do you suppose you could find any good in a child by whipping him ?
Gilbert and Anne looked at each other and smiled rather foolishly .
but Ginger saw through the scheme and scorned it .
Anne was never to know how many compliments Mr Harrison paid her behind her back .
he certainly never paid her any to her face .
she was an excellent target for teasing because she always took things so seriously .
well , I don't know but you 're right .
altogether , Anne went to bed that night in a rather pessimistic mood .
Anne sipped it patiently , although she could not imagine what good ginger tea would do .
most of them were , of course , quite well known to her .
Anne secretly felt more interest in these ten than in those whose possibilities were already fairly well mapped out to her .
it was a thrilling idea .
sitting by himself at a corner desk was Anthony Pye .
she knew Paul was ten but he looked no more than eight .
the day went by like a dream .
Anne could never clearly recall it afterwards .
it almost seemed as if it were not she who was teaching but somebody else .
she heard classes and worked sums and set copies mechanically .
the children behaved quite well ; only two cases of discipline occurred .
she wanted all her boys to be gentlemen , she said .
when school was dismissed and the children had gone Anne dropped wearily into her chair .
her head ached and she felt woefully discouraged .
her head was surmounted by a huge white chiffon hat , bedecked with three long but rather stringy ostrich feathers .
but his father insisted he should be called Jacob after his uncle .
I yielded , because Uncle Jacob was a rich old bachelor .
and what do you think , Miss Shirley ?
did you ever hear of such ingratitude ?
you 'll remember ?
when Mrs H B DonNELL had skimmed away Anne locked the school door and went home .
at the foot of the hill she found Paul Irving by the Birch Path .
she went through the Birch Path light-footedly , attended by the sweetness of her orchids as by a benediction .
Marilla wanted to know .
I 'm too near it .
my thoughts feel as if they had been all stirred up until they were thick and muddy .
Mrs Lynde came up later on with more encouragement .
I must admit he didn't .
as for that DonNELL woman , she 'll get no DonNELLing from me , I can assure you .
the name is DONnell and always has been .
I 'd be afraid of a judgment if I was her .
look at the purple in the cup of the harvest valley , Diana .
it 's coming up from that little sunny hollow where Mr Eben Wright has been cutting fence poles .
perhaps we 'll have the odor there without the death .
yes , I think that will be the way .
I 'm going to make a cushion and fill it with fir needles .
I 'd be certain to dream I was a dryad or a woodnymph then .
of course Gilbert and Fred would have taken this road if we had asked them .
I 'm sorry on your account ; but you needn't say a word at the cranky places .
so she is halting between two opinions and only success will justify us in Mrs Lynde 's eyes .
the Avonlea Village Improvement Society was an organized fact .
Gilbert Blythe was president , Fred Wright vice-president , Anne Shirley secretary , and Diana Barry treasurer .
Eben Wright told Anne that he wished the Improvers could induce old Josiah Sloane to keep his whiskers trimmed .
the next Saturday Anne and Diana started out .
Eliza listened with a frown and Catherine with a smile , as the girls explained their errand .
we didn't gad about to halls and places when we were young , Catherine Andrews .
Miss Eliza 's voice expressed the utmost contempt .
how is your mother , Diana ?
dear me , but she has failed of late .
Eliza shook her head .
I wouldn't have much hope if I was her .
Anne and Diana got themselves thankfully out , and drove away as fast as the fat pony could go .
I 'm an optimist .
I must hurry back before she misses me . ..y ..y she thinks I 'm feeding the hens .
the next house was Daniel Blair 's .
she says she has to be just before she 's generous .
Anne related their experience at the Blair place to Marilla that evening .
nobody came but the door was open and we could hear somebody in the pantry , going on dreadfully .
we begged him not to mention it and went in and sat down .
what does that mean ?
he didn't seem to be in his proper sphere at all .
I had heard of henpecked husbands and now I felt that I saw one .
so I offered to mix the cake for him without any conditions at all .
he just jumped at my offer .
he got me another apron , and Diana beat the eggs and I mixed the cake .
Mr Blair ran about and got us the materials .
so you see we were rewarded .
Theodore White 's was the next stopping place .
should they go to the back or front door ?
the papers extended across the hall and into a prim , fleckless parlor .
Anne and Diana sat down gingerly on the nearest chairs and explained their errand .
at the Spencers ' Mrs Isabella Spencer made them miserable by saying something ill-natured about everyone in Avonlea .
their worst reception , however , was at Simon Fletcher 's .
when they drove into the yard they saw two faces peering at them through the porch window .
but although they rapped and waited patiently and persistently nobody came to the door .
Even Anne admitted that she was beginning to feel discouraged .
but the tide turned after that .
while they were there old Mrs James White called in .
what do you think ?
Anne pricked up her ears , and when they drove away she said .
Lorenzo White is dreadfully mean but he will subscribe to ANYTHING just now .
the result justified Anne 's foresight .
Mr White met them in the yard , beaming like the sun upon an Easter day .
when Anne asked for a subscription he agreed enthusiastically .
but Lorenzo did not flinch .
now , I want you to come into the house .
Anne leaned back in her chair one mild October evening and sighed .
Anne colored , and thrust her writing out of sight under some school compositions .
fancies are like shadows . ..y ..y you can't cage them , they 're such wayward , dancing things .
but perhaps I 'll learn the secret some day if I keep on trying .
what is worse , he doesn't respect me . ..y ..y no , he doesn't .
he simply holds me in contempt and I don't mind confessing to you that it worries me miserably .
I 've tried every way to win him but I 'm beginning to fear I never shall .
Anthony is an independent little chap and makes up his own mind about things .
well , we 'll see what patience and kindness will do .
I like overcoming difficulties and teaching is really very interesting work .
Paul Irving makes up for all that is lacking in the others .
that child is a perfect darling , Gilbert , and a genius into the bargain .
we all seem to be getting on pretty well .
if Prillie would spend less time making eyes at the boys over her slate she might do better .
I told him his mother wished me to call him St Clair and I couldn't go against her wishes .
of course , I had to rebuke him again for using such shocking language .
since then I call him St Clair and the boys call him Jake and all goes smoothly .
Gilbert had finally made up his mind that he was going to be a doctor .
and he was right .
finally Gilbert rose regretfully .
but Marilla sank into her chair with a deep sigh .
Mary is worse . ..y ..y she can't last much longer .
anyway , he says he can't possibly take the children till the spring .
she says she can't bear to ask any of them .
Mary never got on any too well with the East Grafton people and that 's a fact .
Anne clasped her hands , all athrill with excitement .
third cousinship is a pretty slim claim .
Marilla had an idea that twins were just twice as bad as single children .
it wouldn't be so risky if they were even as old as you were when I took you .
I wouldn't mind Dora so much . ..y ..y she seems good and quiet .
Anne was fond of children and her heart yearned over the Keith twins .
the remembrance of her own neglected childhood was very vivid with her still .
suppose Mrs Keith 's next door neighbors , the Sprotts , were to take them .
wouldn't it be dreadful to have the twins learn anything like that ?
you needn't look so delighted , Anne .
it will mean a good deal of extra work for you .
Mrs Rachel peered at it eagerly .
Dora 's sitting up on the seat as prim as you please .
she always looks as if she 'd just been starched and ironed .
well , poor Marilla is going to have her hands full this winter and no mistake .
and now she has adopted twins .
the fat pony jogged over the bridge in Lynde 's Hollow and along the Green Gables lane .
Marilla 's face was rather grim .
in despair she finally threatened to whip him soundly when she got him home .
Dora can sit still . ..y ..y but there ain't much fun in it I don't think .
Dora shrieked and then cried .
I 'm going to be good , but can't you be good running round just as well as sitting still ?
but I can't tell Dora that , and she just goes on thinking diffrunt from me .
Anne was at the gate to meet them and lift the twins out .
look at all the ex'cise I took on the road here .
that cake 's awful nice and plummy .
and Mrs Wiggins never puts any plums in HER cakes .
Marilla would have refused but Anne cut a generous second slice .
Davy merely grinned at her and took a huge bite .
when he had finished the slice he said ,
Dora 's lip trembled and Marilla was speechless with horror .
Marilla , with a resigned air , had cut another piece of cake for Dora .
she did not feel able to cope with Davy just then .
the twins were not noticeably alike , although both were fair .
Dora had long sleek curls that never got out of order .
Davy had a crop of fuzzy little yellow ringlets all over his round head .
Dora 's hazel eyes were gentle and mild ; Davy 's were as roguish and dancing as an elf's .
mirth and mischief lurked in every corner of his little face .
that was all the much-tried Marilla said , but something in her tone squelched even Davy .
he trotted obediently upstairs with Anne .
Anne dressed him for church while Marilla attended to Dora .
Davy at first objected strongly to having his face washed .
that 's enough for one week .
if Paul Irving washed his face every day , that settled it .
he , Davy Keith , would do it too , if it killed him .
the first two hymns and the Scripture reading passed off uneventfully .
Mr Allan was praying when the sensation came .
Davy thrust his hand into his pocket and produced . ..y ..y a caterpillar , a furry , squirming caterpillar .
Marilla saw and clutched at him but she was too late .
Davy dropped the caterpillar down Lauretta 's neck .
right into the middle of Mr Allan 's prayer burst a series of piercing shrieks .
the minister stopped appalled and opened his eyes .
every head in the congregation flew up .
Lauretta White was dancing up and down in her pew , clutching frantically at the back of her dress .
her shrieks died away in the distance and Mr Allan proceeded with the service .
but everybody felt that it was a failure that day .
but Anne 's mournful eyes troubled him .
I picked him up on the church steps just as we went in .
Tuesday afternoon the Aid Society met at Green Gables .
Davy , blissfully dirty , was making mud pies in the barnyard .
he can only get dirty at that .
we 'll have our teas over before we call him to his .
when Anne went to call the Aids to tea she found that Dora was not in the parlor .
Mrs Jasper Bell said Davy had come to the front door and called her out .
tea was half over when the dining room was invaded by a forlorn figure .
Marilla and Anne stared in dismay , the Aids in amazement .
and I fell off into the pigpen and my dress got all dirty and the pig runned right over me .
Davy was caught and sent to bed without any supper .
she told him she felt very badly over his conduct .
Davy screwed his eyes tight shut and seemed to meditate on this for a time .
somehow , it was impossible to help liking Davy .
perhaps I ought to tell her .
anyhow , it 's not likely I 'd find any more of them this year .
Anne sprang from Davy 's clinging arms and flew across the hall to Marilla 's room .
the bed was slightly rumpled .
when she finally deposited it in the cherry orchard she drew a long breath of relief .
there 's Diana signaling to me from her window .
I said some dreadful things to Mrs Lynde long ago but it was when I had lost my temper .
you must excuse me , Anne .
and I don't think it 's any help that it 's your habit .
you 'd think he was crazy , wouldn't you ?
and as for Mrs Lynde being a busybody , perhaps she is .
I have some myself , though you might never suspect it .
but anyhow I ain't going to give anything to that carpet .
folks are everlasting begging for money here , it seems to me .
the roof will be dark red , of course .
he has nearly finished the shingling .
I have some sewing to do for Dora this evening .
besides , Davy is probably breaking Marilla 's heart with some new mischief by this time .
the poor bird has been moping ever since .
he was not disturbed in his task .
the hall was so closely surrounded by fir woods that it was invisible unless you were near it .
Mr Joshua Pye painted away in the solitude and independence that were so dear to his unsociable heart .
Friday afternoon he finished his job and went home to Carmody .
when she rounded the spruce curve she saw .
the sight affected Mrs Lynde oddly .
she stared as if she could not believe her eyes .
then she laughed almost hysterically .
Mrs Lynde drove home , meeting several people on the road and stopping to tell them about the hall .
the news flew like wildfire .
oh , it is simply dreadful !
you could simply have knocked me down with a feather when I heard it .
the blame of this unmerciful disaster was eventually narrowed down to the Pyes .
a purchaser chose his shade on the card and ordered by the accompanying number .
that night there was blank dismay in every Avonlea house where an Improver lived .
the gloom at Green Gables was so intense that it quenched even Davy .
in life , as in dreams , however , things often go by contraries .
the Avonlea people did not laugh ; they were too angry .
their money had gone to paint the hall and consequently they felt themselves bitterly aggrieved by the mistake .
public indignation centered on the Pyes .
and the roof is shingled and painted all right .
folks will be able to sit in the hall after this without being leaked on .
the day had been a good day ; all had gone well in her little kingdom .
we 've had lovely days and delicious twilights .
this last fortnight has been so peaceful , and even Davy has been almost well-behaved .
I really think he is improving a great deal .
Anne paused to throw her arm about a slim young birch and kiss its cream-white trunk .
Diana , rounding a curve in the path , saw her and laughed .
I 'm sure I shall always feel like a child in the woods .
last night I was a queen .
it 's really splendid to imagine you are a queen .
I 'm a dryad living in an old pine , or a little brown wood-elf hiding under a crinkled leaf .
that white birch you caught me kissing is a sister of mine .
I promised to help Alberta cut out her new dress .
Diana blushed , tossed her head , and walked on .
she did not look offended , however .
Anne looked at Davy , who was swinging on the yard gate , and detected merriment in his eyes .
Marilla shook her head .
a thorough search followed .
Anne roved the orchards and the Haunted Wood , calling Dora 's name .
Marilla took a candle and explored the cellar .
finally they met again in the yard .
Anne and Marilla looked fearfully into each other 's eyes .
the thought had been with them both through their entire search but neither had dared to put it into words .
Anne , feeling faint and sick , went to the wellbox and peered over .
the bucket sat on the shelf inside .
Far down below was a tiny glimmer of still water .
the Cuthbert well was the deepest in Avonlea .
she shuddered and turned away .
finally Mr Barry shook his head , with a relieved air .
Anne hastened across the fields to the Harrison establishment in no very hopeful frame of mind .
she stood on the veranda and called Dora loudly .
but Anne could say no more .
she carried Dora home with a heavy heart .
her joy at finding the child safe and sound was drowned out in the pain caused by Davy 's behavior .
the freak of shutting Dora up might easily have been pardoned .
that was the ugly fact and Anne could not shut her eyes to it .
she could have sat down and cried with sheer disappointment .
Anne was sitting limply by the west window .
between them stood the culprit .
Davy squirmed uncomfortably .
in spite of fear and a little remorse Davy grinned over the recollection .
Davy looked puzzled .
Anne was feeling the reaction from her fright and exertions .
Davy 's impenitent attitude gave the finishing touch .
two big tears brimmed up in her eyes .
Davy was aghast .
a flood of real remorse rolled like a wave over his warm little heart and engulfed it .
all Mr Sprott 's children told them REGULAR every day , and cross their hearts too .
but I think you might have told me it was wrong .
Davy buried his face in Anne 's shoulder and cried stormily .
I want to know .
what are you going to do to me for telling them this time ?
Anne looked beseechingly at Marilla .
I suppose we 'll just have to assume he doesn't know ANYTHING right and begin at the beginning .
can't you suggest something else , Anne ?
in the end Davy was sent to bed , as usual , there to remain until noon next day .
Davy looked sceptical .
I mean the fact that you told a falsehood today .
bad things aren't always exciting .
and Marilla did laugh , which showed how much her education had advanced since the adoption of Anne .
but she sighed immediately afterwards .
but he did aggravate me so .
Anne , I do not know what we are going to do with that child .
I never saw his beat .
I see that now , when I 've learned what real badness is .
and it is rather quiet for him here , you know .
he has no other boys to play with and his mind has to have something to occupy it .
something funny is almost sure to happen every day , and the children say such amusing things .
I asked .
but I don't think St Clair minds .
she says a man in Grafton went insane once and that was how it began .
some of the answers were commonplace enough . ..y ..y dolls , ponies , and skates .
others were decidedly original .
Marjory White , aged ten , wanted to be a WIDOW .
I couldn't get the older ones to do so , but the third class answered quite freely .
Emerson Gillis had spent ten cents for candy when he should have put it in his missionary box .
those compositions would atone for much .
here is Ned Clay 's , address , spelling , and grammar as originally penned .
St Clair never wastes words .
I do not think he chose his subject or added the postscript out of malice aforethought .
I will describe the Avonlea Hall .
it has two doors , an inside one and an outside one .
it has six windows and a chimney .
it has two ends and two sides .
it is painted blue .
that is what makes it strange .
it is built on the lower Carmody road .
it is the third most important building in Avonlea .
the others are the church and the blacksmith shop .
they hold debating clubs and lectures in it and concerts .
here is her letter .
it would be my highest privilege .
that is why I try so hard to be good in school and learn my lessuns .
your voice is like music and your eyes are like pansies when the dew is on them .
you are like a tall stately queen .
your hair is like rippling gold .
Anthony Pye says it is red , but you needn't pay any attention to Anthony .
besides , it 's the year we moved to Avonlea from Newbridge .
I owe this all to you , my sweetest teacher .
I shall see you like that for ever , even when we are both old and gray .
I kiss your hands and face , my sweet .
may God watch over you and protect you from all harm .
I knew Annetta couldn't have composed it any more than she could fly .
she said she couldn't make out what he was driving at half the time .
I don't see how you found out it wasn't all mine .
but I 'm afraid that all Annetta repented of was being found out .
I can't reproduce the blots of the original .
I never visited but once .
it was at my Aunt Mary 's last winter .
my Aunt Mary is a very particular woman and a great housekeeper .
the first night I was there we were at tea .
I knocked over a jug and broke it .
when I was helping Aunt Mary with the dinner dishes I dropped a china plate and it smashed .
that evening I fell downstairs and sprained my ankle and had to stay in bed for a week .
when I got better it was time to go home .
I don't like visiting very much .
I like going to school better , especially since I came to Avonlea .
she lives in Ontario and one day she went out to the barn and saw a dog in the yard .
the other boys in school like him too .
there is nothing weak or girlish about him in spite of his dreams and fancies .
he is very manly and can hold his own in all games .
the result was a drawn battle and a mutual agreement to respect each other 's patriotism henceforth .
I used to visit them almost every evening before the winter came .
you ought to hear the stories she can tell .
then there are the Twin Sailors .
they don't live anywhere , they sail all the time , but they often come ashore to talk to me .
do you know what happened to the youngest Twin Sailor once ?
he was sailing and he sailed right into a moonglade .
I 've never told Nora about the Golden Lady .
I was afraid it might hurt her feelings .
the youngest Twin Sailor is very good-tempered but the oldest Twin Sailor can look dreadfully fierce at times .
I believe he 'd be a pirate if he dared .
there 's really something very mysterious about him .
well , we sailed right across to the sunset .
think of that , teacher , I 've been in the sunset .
we sailed into a great garden , and the clouds are beds of flowers .
I stayed there for ever so long .
it really began the night before with a restless , wakeful vigil of grumbling toothache .
she went to school in no angelic mood .
her cheek was swollen and her face ached .
Anne sent them to their seats with a sharper tone than she had ever used before .
Anne turned from the second reader class which she was hearing .
just as Anne was snapping the sums out St Clair Donnell arrived breathlessly .
St Clair looked rather amazed at her tone but he went meekly to his desk and took out his slate .
then he stealthily passed a small parcel to Joe Sloane across the aisle .
Anne caught him in the act and jumped to a fatal conclusion about that parcel .
he was a fat urchin who always blushed and stuttered when he was frightened .
never did anybody look more guilty than poor Joe at that moment .
Joe looked very blank .
then he dodged back just in time .
Anne dropped into her chair white with dismay and all the girls climbed shrieking upon their desks .
Prillie Rogerson fainted and Annetta Bell went into hysterics .
everybody realized that even the explosion had not cleared the teacher 's mental atmosphere .
the geography class were whisked through a continent with a speed that made them dizzy .
the grammar class were parsed and analyzed within an inch of their lives .
he peered across his book at Anne , his black eyes sparkling with curiosity and mockery .
Anne screamed and sprang back , as if it had been a snake , and Anthony Pye laughed aloud .
then a silence fell . ..y ..y a very creepy , uncomfortable silence .
who could take any comfort out of hysterics with a teacher so white-faced and so blazing-eyed standing before one ?
her voice was quite low but it made a shiver go up and down Paul Irving 's spine .
Anne paid no attention to the wretched Joseph .
she looked at Anthony Pye , and Anthony Pye looked back unabashed and unashamed .
Anne took her pointer from her desk .
it was a long , heavy hardwood pointer .
it was far from being the most severe punishment Anthony Pye had ever undergone .
Anne , conscience-stricken , dropped the pointer and told Anthony to go to his seat .
so all her boasts had come to this . ..y ..y she had actually whipped one of her pupils .
never would he like her now .
I 'm so ashamed of myself .
I feel that I have humiliated myself to the very dust .
I can't forget the expression in Paul Irving 's eyes . ..y ..y he looked so surprised and disappointed .
we all make mistakes . ..y ..y but people forget them .
and Jonah days come to everybody .
oh , I just made an idiot of myself today , Marilla .
Marilla listened to the whole story , and if she smiled at certain parts of it Anne never knew .
when the tale was ended she said briskly ,
just come downstairs and have your supper .
sang Anne , as she dressed .
Anne surrendered her books and wondered if she could possibly be awake .
Anthony smiled . ..y ..y no , if the truth must be told , Anthony GRINNED back .
Mrs Rachel Lynde came up the next Saturday and confirmed this .
he says he believes you are some good after all , even if you are a girl .
I should have chosen to be born in spring , of course .
it must be delightful to come into the world with the mayflowers and violets .
you would always feel that you were their foster sister .
but since I didn't , the next best thing is to celebrate my birthday in the spring .
Priscilla is coming over Saturday and Jane will be home .
I want to explore all those fields and lonely places anyhow .
their blithe voices and laughter echoed down to him .
Anne was saying , with true Anneish philosophy .
we 're to seek for beauty and refuse to see anything else .
I 've felt it often enough on my own face .
oh , girls , girls , see that patch of violets !
there 's something for memory 's picture gallery .
I shall shut my eyes and see those violets just as I see them now .
Anne glowed .
everybody can say just what comes into her head .
THAT is conversation .
here 's a little path I never saw before .
a ring of slender young birches encircled it and little ferns fringed its margin .
but the dance was not a success for the ground was boggy and Jane 's rubbers came off .
then Priscilla shut her eyes and drew one .
across it they found the entrance to a lane striking up through the woods and voted to explore it also .
it rewarded their quest with a succession of pretty surprises .
the girls swung their hats on their arms and wreathed their hair with the creamy , fluffy blossoms .
I think I want glittering snowy fields and white frosts in heaven sometimes .
but she never thought about heaven any more than she could help , for all that .
a tumbledown stone dyke , overgrown with mosses and grass , surrounded it .
along the eastern side ran a row of garden cherry trees , white as a snowdrift .
Anne only gazed in eloquent silence .
she is buried down there in the poplar corner .
Jordan Gray is buried right beside her but there 's no stone to him .
it 's a wonder Marilla never told you about it , Anne .
why , girls , there are hundreds of them . ..y ..y they 've spread over everything .
it looks as if the garden were carpeted with moonshine and sunshine combined .
this is a discovery worth making .
he didn't live on it . ..y ..y he lived where Silas Sloane lives now .
she was working in a store and she hated it .
she 'd been brought up in the country and she always wanted to get back .
so he brought her to Avonlea .
she never went out much and hardly anybody went to see her except mother and Mrs Lynde .
Jordan made her this garden and she was crazy about it and spent most of her time in it .
she wasn't much of a housekeeper but she had a knack with flowers .
and then she got sick .
mother says she thinks she was in consumption before she ever came here .
she never really laid up but just grew weaker and weaker all the time .
Jordan wouldn't have anybody to wait on her .
he did it all himself and mother says he was as tender and gentle as a woman .
and her prayer was answered .
Mr Jabez Sloane bought the farm and hauled the little house out to the road .
but I can understand it in Hester .
Jane and Diana stared , as if expecting to see Runic rhymes on the birch trees .
Anne shook her head with its fluffy wild cherry coronal positively .
I like to fancy souls as being made of light .
Jane whispered to Diana that she really could not understand what they were talking about .
minstrel robins were whistling in the firs and the frogs were singing in the marshes .
all the basins among the hills were brimmed with topaz and emerald light .
Anne said nothing .
but she 's sick and can't come .
Timothy 's sitting there , too , coughing and complaining .
he 's been dying for ten years and he 'll go on dying for ten years more .
but he says she 'll never be able to read much or do any fine hand-work again .
we 're collecting old-fashioned fixings everywhere .
I suppose Marilla will let us have her brass candlesticks ?
and we want all the old dishes we can get .
Mrs Allan is specially set on having a real blue willow ware platter if we can find one .
but nobody seems to have one .
no ; they just asked Uncle Abe what it was going to be tomorrow and expected the opposite .
Anne was a red-hot Conservative , out of loyalty to Matthew 's memory , but she said nothing .
she knew better than to get Mrs Lynde started on politics .
she had a letter for Marilla , postmarked from a town in British Columbia .
he looked very guilty when Anne pounced on him and whisked him out of the closet .
Anne nipped a smile in the bud .
I don't believe I want to go to heaven .
Davy and Dora were taught a hymn , a catechism question , and two Bible verses every Sunday .
and he thinks it will be horrid to wear dresses and I think so too .
why can't men angels wear trousers , Anne ?
I ain't going to be a minister .
the A.V.I.S. was in a flourishing condition , and had already accomplished wonders .
for once in her life Gertie Pye made all the sensation she desired .
if she had thrown a bomb among the complacent Improvers she could hardly have made more .
all thought of church and school grounds vanished before this new danger .
he 'd do ANYTHING for money .
the prospect looked rather unpromising .
Anne protested .
the committee waited on Judson Parker the next afternoon .
the vanquished committee retired , thinking things not lawful to be uttered .
Anne shook her head .
Jane and Diana stared as if they found it hard to believe their ears .
Anne had no explanation to give .
both saw Anne at this moment and conversation abruptly ceased .
Anne bowed frostily and walked on , with her chin slightly more tilted than usual .
Soon Judson Parker overtook her .
had she heard Corcoran 's unmistakable offer and his own too plain acceptance of it ?
if he couldn't put his meaning into less dangerous phrases he 'd get into trouble some of these long-come-shorts .
Anne , I 've been wanting to see you about that little matter we were discussing the other day .
I 've decided not to let my fences to that company after all .
Anne thawed out the merest trifle .
I just led Jerry on to see if he would commit himself .
she dropped the key into her pocket with a sigh of satisfaction .
since the earliest mayflowers Anne had never missed her weekly pilgrimage to Matthew 's grave .
he swung down and joined Anne , smiling ; but there were traces of tears on his cheeks .
Paul 's voice quivered and his lip trembled .
he looked down at his roses , hoping that his teacher would not notice the tears in his eyes .
you 're so good at understanding , teacher .
when he put his hand over his face I always knew it was time to stop .
grandmothers are better , next to mothers .
but he 's splendid when you do get to know him .
YOU know , teacher .
I wish she would leave the lamp in my room till I go to sleep , though .
my little mother used always to sit beside me and hold my hand till I went to sleep .
I expect she spoiled me .
no , Anne did not know this , although she might imagine it .
Anne could not remember her mother and for this reason she almost envied Paul .
and when I asked her why , she just looked mysterious and said little boys mustn't be too curious .
it 's very exciting to have a birthday , isn't it ?
I 'll be eleven .
Grandma says I 'm very small for my age and that it 's all because I don't eat enough porridge .
Anne permitted herself a smile , since Paul was not looking at her .
Paul shook his head gravely .
I 'm the only person who can see them .
but you could see rock people of your own .
you 're one of the kind that can .
Anne and Paul both knew
and both knew the way to that happy land .
Anne was still sitting there when a shadow fell over the grass and she looked up to see Mrs Allan .
they walked home together .
Anne nodded .
I could roll the word as a sweet morsel under my tongue .
I think the summer is going to be lovely .
I 've come so far short in so many things .
I haven't done what I meant to do when I began to teach last fall .
we must have ideals and try to live up to them , even if we never quite succeed .
life would be a sorry business without them .
with them it 's grand and great .
but Anne flushed .
and it agreed with him .
you have had no trouble with him since and he has come to think there 's nobody like you .
we should regret our mistakes and learn from them , but never carry them forward into the future with us .
we plan to finish the Virgil tonight . ..y ..y there are only twenty lines to do .
they are broad or narrow according to what we put into them , not what we get out .
do you know , Mrs Allan , I 'm so thankful for friendship .
I think it is desecration to call that friendship .
then she paused abruptly .
so she left her sentence for the future years to finish .
the Substance of Things Hoped For
he looked with approval at the generous slice Anne presently brought to him .
it was last Sunday in Sunday School .
the lesson was about Elijah and Elisha , and I up and asked Miss Rogerson where heaven was .
but Milty didn't mean to be disrespeckful .
he just couldn't think of the name of the thing .
Miss Rogerson said heaven was where God was and I wasn't to ask questions like that .
milty 's a great hand at esplaining things .
Anne took Davy on her knee and did her best to straighten out this theological tangle also .
she fed chickens , picked up chips , wiped dishes , and ran errands galore .
oh , Marilla , isn't it wonderful ?
Mrs Morgan was a famous woman and a visit from her was no commonplace occurrence .
but I want to have everything as nice and dainty as possible .
Davy-boy , don't leave those peapods on the back stairs . ..y ..y someone might slip on them .
I 'll have the two white roosters .
I 'll make the pies and lady fingers tomorrow and do up my white muslin dress .
and I must tell Diana tonight , for she 'll want to do up hers .
it will be such a delicate compliment , don't you think ?
Davy , dear , you mustn't poke peapods into the cracks of the floor .
it 's so fortunate she 's coming while Miss Stacy is here .
Davy dear , don't sail the peapods in the water bucket . ..y ..y go out to the trough .
oh , I do hope everything will go smoothly .
they seem to be BORN good housekeepers .
when I was eight years old I hardly knew how to do a thing except bring up children .
and I 'm so anxious about my nose .
there are seven freckles on it , as you can see .
they came at the A.V.I S . picnic , when I went around in the sun without my hat .
Diana sighed .
I weigh four pounds more than I did in July .
Anne , WHERE will this end ?
Even Anne had never been able to infuse much grace into it , for Marilla would not permit any alterations .
a great blue bowlful of snowballs overflowed on the polished table .
the shining black mantelpiece was heaped with roses and ferns .
Anne prepared the potatoes and Diana got the peas and beans ready .
was he redeeming his promise to be good ?
he was , indeed .
Serious indeed were the toilet rites presently performed in the east gable .
but I 'm afraid I 'll be tongue-tied and stupid .
Anne shrouded her muslin glories in a big apron and went down to concoct her soup .
at half past twelve the Allans and Miss Stacy came .
everything was going well but Anne was beginning to feel nervous .
it was surely time for Priscilla and Mrs Morgan to arrive .
Anne hastened to the sitting room closet to get the platter .
Davy had finished ravelling out his herring net and had wound the twine into a ball .
the result in this instance was disastrous .
Davy slipped and came sprawling squarely down on the lemon pies .
his clean blouse was ruined for that time and the pies for all time .
perhaps you 'll get them sorted out in your memory by that time .
no , Anne , never you mind interceding for him .
I 'm not punishing him because he spoiled your pies . ..y ..y that was an accident .
I 'm punishing him for his disobedience .
Anne was in an agony .
Anne and Diana sought comfort in each other 's eyes .
at half past one Marilla again emerged from the parlor .
everybody is hungry and it 's no use waiting any longer .
Anne and Diana set about lifting the dinner , with all the zest gone out of the performance .
when Diana dished the peas she tasted them and a very peculiar expression crossed her face .
we always do .
Anne dropped her masher and tasted the peas also .
then she made a grimace .
I never dreamed you had put sugar in , because I knew your mother never does .
there were no green peas on the dinner table that day , however .
it cannot be said that that dinner was a notable success socially .
the Allans and Miss Stacy exerted themselves to save the situation and Marilla 's customary placidity was not noticeably ruffled .
the measure of that day 's tribulations was not yet full .
everybody ran out into the hall .
Anne gave a shriek of dismay .
I set that platter there and forgot all about it .
Mrs Morgan had sprained her ankle so severely that she could not leave her room .
and I suppose the events of today have a funny side too .
perhaps when Diana and I are old and gray we shall be able to laugh over them .
platters as old as that are very scarce .
Mrs Lynde couldn't find one anywhere for the supper .
it gives me a feeling that is like a prayer .
I 've promised to take him and Dora to the shore for a picnic tomorrow .
I think I hear Rachel pronouncing on it .
there 's Mr Harrison driving away somewhere .
I don't believe Mr Harrison will ever marry .
I really feel sorry for Mr Harrison ; I don't believe he feels satisfied with his life .
it must be very lonely to have no one to care about except a parrot , don't you think ?
but I notice Mr Harrison doesn't like to be pitied .
yet here she was doing it . ..y ..y so wide sometimes is the gulf between theory and practice .
it is an excellent trait in a person if she is economical .
if Marilla had been stingy she wouldn't have taken you and Dora when your mother died .
Davy was emphatic on that point .
I don't want a fairy story .
fortunately for Anne , Marilla called out at this moment from her room .
the next afternoon the girls fared forth on their platter hunting expedition .
it was ten miles to Spencervale and the day was not especially pleasant for traveling .
as for my garden , it hurts me every time I go into it .
I suppose I shouldn't complain about a garden when the farmers ' crops are suffering so .
Diana 's father was a Liberal , for which reason she and Anne never discussed politics .
this proved to be the case .
the girls looked at each other in perplexity .
Diana looked at a certain little square window over the basement .
so much she saw before the catastrophe came .
but she could not release herself .
Anne shook her head hopelessly .
if you can find an axe you might chop me out , though .
Diana searched faithfully but no axe was to be found .
no , we must just wait until the Copp girls come home and bind them to secrecy .
they 'll know where the axe is and get me out .
I wonder what the Copp girls value this house at .
oh dear , this is a dreadful predicament .
fortunately my parasol is in the buggy .
Diana untied the pony and drove into the shed , just as the first heavy drops of rain fell .
finally the rain ceased , the sun came out , and Diana ventured across the puddles of the yard .
don't pity me , Diana , for I haven't minded it at all .
when I go home I mean to write it down .
Diana the faithful had a pencil and discovered a sheet of wrapping paper in the box of the buggy .
Anne shook her head .
there is no PLOT in it , you see .
it 's just a string of fancies .
oh , there 's Miss Sarah Copp now .
she hurriedly unlocked the back door , produced the axe , and with a few skillfull blows set Anne free .
but you might as well argue with a post as with Martha .
she went to town today I drove her to the station .
and you want to buy my platter .
you must be real tired and hungry .
Martha locked up all the cake and cheese and preserves afore she went .
when the meal was over Miss Sarah said ,
but it 's worth twenty-five dollars .
but Anne was not minded to take any chances in regard to that precious platter .
I want all the money I can scare up just now .
he wanted me twenty years ago .
we 've had a rather trying time but it 's over now .
I 've got the platter , and that rain has laid the dust beautifully .
such a day came late in August .
in the afternoon Anne walked down to the old Irving place to see Paul .
he sprang up radiantly at sight of her .
YOU know , teacher .
she says the French have to be kept in their place .
and anyhow , it 's difficult to talk with Young Mary Joe .
Paul looked very sober .
but it depends on Mary Joe .
but maybe Mary Joe will cut some for you if I promise I won't eat any .
Grandma is an excellent woman but people must do as she tells them .
it was a great effort but I succeeded .
Grandma says she thinks she 'll make a man of me yet .
but after this I won't , if it makes her imagine I 'm wrong in my upper story .
but I hope Davy won't be there when I go because he makes faces at me .
and Davy makes such terrible ones .
he makes them at me in church when I ought to be thinking of sacred things .
I didn't exactly want to show it to Mrs Lynde .
YOU know , teacher .
but of course I obeyed Grandma .
there 's Mary Joe coming to call us to tea .
father knew just what I would like for a birthday present , although he never asked me .
he has lots of it , but it is gray .
you see , father is nearly fifty .
that 's ripe old age , isn't it ?
but it 's only OUTSIDE he 's old .
INSIDE he 's just as young as anybody .
may I lay my head against your knee ?
that 's the way my little mother and I used to sit .
YOU know , teacher .
and then I wanted to tell them to somebody and there was nobody but Mary Joe .
I was very much provoked .
you know , teacher .
but I tried again quite patiently .
I went out then and whispered the rest of my thoughts to the garden .
there was a little birch tree in the garden and it died .
Davy sat up and reflected .
I 'll say them twice over in the morning , Anne .
so Davy scrambled out and knelt down at her knee .
one was a good deal bigger than the other and Marilla didn't say which was mine .
but I give the biggest piece to Dora .
she had a sudden realization that Gilbert was a schoolboy no longer .
there was nothing either melancholy or inscrutable in Gilbert 's physiognomy , but of course that didn't matter in friendship !
Gilbert stretched himself out on the ferns beside the Bubble and looked approvingly at Anne .
he had made up his mind , also , that his future must be worthy of its goddess .
even in quiet Avonlea there were temptations to be met and faced .
Major Spencer is the most progressive and public-spirited man in Avonlea .
our Society is getting on splendidly , Anne .
it is past the experimental stage and is an accepted fact .
Even Elisha Wright has come around since that day the Americans from the hotel had the picnic at the shore .
but the Aids would never have stirred in the matter if the Society hadn't put it into their thoughts unofficially .
Levi won't have it taken down just to vex us .
they only aggravate him .
Julia Bell thinks you can do anything , if you only have a committee to attempt it .
next spring , Anne , we must start an agitation for nice lawns and grounds .
we 'll sow good seed betimes this winter .
school opens Monday .
that would be inconsistent .
the Way It Often Happens
Green Gables lay in a pool of sunshine , flecked with the dancing shadows of poplar and willow .
beyond the land was Mr Harrison 's wheatfield , a great , windrippled expanse of pale gold .
after breakfast Marilla made ready for her journey .
Dora was to go with her , having been long promised this treat .
for alas , Marilla had stooped to the evil habit of bribing people to be good !
Davy wanted to know .
Anne nodded .
Mr Harrison is an awful kind man .
he 's a real sociable man .
I hope I 'll be like him when I grow up .
I don't want to LOOK like him .
did he kill anybody ?
Anne , left alone in her glory , worked with a will .
then Anne prepared for the transfer of feathers .
a cracked mirror hung by the chamber window and in an unlucky moment Anne looked into it .
Anne had already suffered many things trying to remove those freckles .
on one occasion the entire skin had peeled off her nose but the freckles remained .
this important duty done , she returned to her work .
at this auspicious moment a knock sounded at the kitchen door .
Down flew Anne to the kitchen door .
Aunt Charlotte is going away Monday and she had promised to spend today with a friend in town .
but last night her friend telephoned to her not to come because they were quarantined for scarlet fever .
so I suggested we come here instead , for I knew you were longing to see her .
we called at the White Sands Hotel and brought Mrs Pendexter with us .
she is a friend of aunt 's and lives in New York and her husband is a millionaire .
Anne caught her astonished friend by the arm .
it was really too much .
Anne rushed to the little looking glass over the sink .
one glance revealed the fatal truth .
her nose was a brilliant scarlet !
Anne sat down on the sofa , her dauntless spirit subdued at last .
first I dye my hair ; then I dye my nose .
Marilla cut my hair off when I dyed it but that remedy would hardly be practicable in this case .
she had traveled extensively and was an excellent storyteller .
nor did she monopolize the conversation .
but she took the bottle of freckle lotion and emptied it out of the window .
School opened and Anne returned to her work , with fewer theories but considerably more experience .
she had several new pupils , six- and seven-year-olds just venturing , round-eyed , into a world of wonder .
among them were Davy and Dora .
it 's splendid to have so many boys to play with .
I sit with Milty Boulter and he 's fine .
he 's longer than me but I 'm wider .
they have a habit of dying , Mirabel says .
and Mirabel says one of her uncles was seen walking around the house after he was buried .
her mother saw him .
Anne went upstairs with Dora and sat by her until she fell asleep .
one Friday evening Diana came over .
I was through that way last winter and I know the road .
but Diana , after consideration , vetoed this .
a few yards further on the girls came to a place where the road forked again .
Anne shook her head .
here is a gate and a lane leading right into the wood .
there must be a house at the other side .
on either hand were brown wood floors , crossed here and there by fallen lances of sunlight .
echo Lodge , she calls it , I think .
I 've often heard of it but I 've never seen it before .
before the house was an oblong garden into which the lane gate where the girls were standing opened .
no other house or clearing was in sight . ..y ..y nothing but hills and valleys covered with feathery young firs .
didn't I tell you we would come to an enchanted palace ?
the girls paused in the porch under the tendrils of ivy and knocked at the open door .
come in , ma'am .
the interior of this wonderful little house was quite as interesting as its exterior .
the room had a low ceiling and two square , small-paned windows , curtained with muslin frills .
all the furnishings were old-fashioned , but so well and daintily kept that the effect was delicious .
she looked like a messenger from pixy land .
I suppose she could have told us the road , but I was curious to see Miss Lavendar .
and with that Miss Lavendar Lewis was standing in the doorway .
the girls were so surprised that they forgot good manners and simply stared .
please , do .
Mr Kimball 's will have tea over before you get there .
Miss Lavendar looked at her tea table again , and blushed .
I was just pretending I was .
you see , I was so lonely .
Charlotta the Fourth was lonely too .
so I just pretended I was going to have a tea party .
a person must have some compensations .
I don't believe I could live at times if I didn't pretend things .
will you go up to the spare room and take off your hats ?
it 's the white door at the head of the stairs .
I love young girls .
it 's so easy to pretend I 'm a girl myself when I 'm with them .
it is so fortunate that I made the sponge cake and doughnuts .
I know Charlotta the Fourth thought so , didn't you , Charlotta ?
but you see how well it has turned out .
of course they wouldn't have been wasted , for Charlotta the Fourth and I could have eaten them through time .
Charlotta the Fourth skipped off and returned with the horn .
Charlotta accordingly blew , a rather raucous , strident blast .
Anne and Diana exclaimed in delight .
on calm evenings Charlotta the Fourth and I often sit out here and amuse ourselves with them .
her name isn't really Charlotta at all .
it is . ..y ..y let me see . ..y ..y what is it ?
you see , it is this way .
so I got little Charlotta Bowman to come and stay with me for board and clothes .
she was just thirteen .
her sister came to stay with me then .
so I just gave up trying to remember her right name .
tall Anne put her arm about the little lady .
there was a subtle change in Miss Lavendar 's voice .
Anne felt vexed at her own heedlessness .
she had forgotten about Miss Lavendar 's old romance when Paul 's name slipped out .
miss Lavendar asked , bending over her namesake border so that her face was hidden .
mother always loved it .
she planted these borders long ago .
father named me Lavendar because he was so fond of it .
the very first time he saw mother was when he visited her home in East Grafton with her brother .
don't forget to come back soon , girls dear .
she opened the gate under the firs for them to pass through .
but I 'd like Kerrenhappuch if it happened to be your name .
I think people make their names nice or ugly just by what they are themselves .
I suppose she has changed a great deal .
some folks thought her peculiar even then .
most conversations between Anne and Marilla in the presence of the twins , were punctuated by these rebukes Davy-ward .
Far as I can learn Lavendar Lewis has just dropped out of everything .
she 's lived in that out of the way place until everybody has forgotten her .
that stone house is one of the oldest on the Island .
old Mr Lewis built it eighty years ago when he came out from England .
Davy , stop joggling Dora 's elbow .
oh , I saw you !
you needn't try to look innocent .
his grandmother told him .
but which is the right side ?
and what are you to do when your bed 's against the wall ?
Marilla 's pronouns slandered Eliza , who was very fond of her husband .
his mother ruled him till he married and then Rachel carried it on .
it 's a wonder he dared to get sick without asking her permission .
but there , I shouldn't talk so .
Rachel has been a good wife to him .
he 'd never have amounted to anything without her , that 's certain .
he didn't mind her way .
you might let me have some .
and Davy isn't being spoiled .
he is improving every day .
but it 's a wonder to me we haven't heard from Richard Keith before this .
a month later a letter did come .
but it was not from Richard Keith .
a friend of his wrote to say that Richard Keith had died of consumption a fortnight previously .
in the meantime the interest was to be used for their maintenance .
you do far too much for them as it is .
Dora didn't need that new hat you bought her any more than a cat needs two tails .
but Dora had one misgiving .
miss Lavendar 's Romance
Anne had paid many a visit to Echo Lodge since that October day .
sometimes she and Diana drove around by the road ; sometimes they walked through the woods .
when Diana could not go Anne went alone .
at the first bend she came upon Miss Lavendar , standing under a big , broad-branching fir .
her mother is sick and she had to go home for the night .
it 's so delightful to be seventeen , isn't it ?
I 'm just as rebellious as I was when I discovered my first gray hair .
you always bring youth in your hand like a gift .
we 're going to have a jolly evening .
we 'll have whatever you like .
there were sounds of riot and mirth in the little stone house that night .
one wants real things then .
at seventeen dreams DO satisfy because you think the realities are waiting for you further on .
and we were to have been married the next spring .
I had my wedding dress made , although nobody but mother and Stephen ever knew THAT .
we 'd been engaged in a way almost all our lives , you might say .
Stephen did really begin it , but I suppose I provoked him by some foolishness of mine .
he was a very high-strung , sensitive fellow .
well , we parted in a temper on both sides .
oh , you needn't smile , ..y ..y ..y it 's only too true .
he was too proud to come again .
and then I sulked because he didn't come .
but I could never care for anybody else and I didn't want to .
well , it all seems like a dream now , of course .
I 'm really a very happy , contented little person in spite of my broken heart .
and now you 're looking disappointed .
isn't this candy scrumptious ?
after a little silence Miss Lavendar said abruptly ,
I want to get used to the thought .
she had not been expecting them just then and she turned very pale .
Anne , who had been watching the little scene , drew a relieved breath .
miss Lavendar stooped and kissed him .
as a rule , I don't like to be kissed .
boys don't .
you know , Miss Lewis .
and of course I 'll come to see you again .
YOU know , teacher .
I don't think Miss Lavendar would make a boy eat porridge for breakfast if he didn't like it .
she 'd get things for him he did like .
a Prophet in His Own Country
gossip , as usual , was wrong .
only two of the notes have any bearing on this history :
the area of the storm will extend over the greater part of the Province .
poor old Uncle Abe felt rather indignant over the notes .
he angrily denied having assigned any particular date for his storm but nobody believed him .
life in Avonlea continued on the smooth and even tenor of its way .
each Improver set out , or caused to be set out , five ornamental trees .
as the society now numbered forty members , this meant a total of two hundred young trees .
Anne liked to sleep with her window open and let the cherry fragrance blow over her face all night .
she thought it very poetical .
Marilla thought she was risking her life .
I feel exactly as Eve must have felt in the garden of Eden before the trouble began .
they came around the corner of the house just then .
he had been working in his garden .
both had eagerly gone to work in a characteristic fashion .
as a result , her plot was already green with prim , orderly little rows of vegetables and annuals .
is that true , Anne ?
Milty Boulter said if it wasn't the moon 's fault it must be grubs .
but I only found one grub .
he was a great big juicy curly grub .
I put him on a stone and got another stone and smashed him flat .
he made a jolly SQUISH I tell you .
but neither Marilla nor Anne nor anybody else was fated to make pies out of Yellow Duchess apples that year .
at half past three Anne heard a low rumble of thunder .
Annetta Bell caught her hand nervously .
Anne looked and gave an exclamation of dismay .
it hung so low that it almost seemed to be touching the tops of the wooded hills .
he pulled them to a halt opposite the school .
did ye ever see the like of that cloud ?
for three quarters of an hour the storm raged unabated and no one who underwent it ever forgot it .
Dora , somewhat pale but quite composed , sat with her hand clasped in Anne 's , quiet and motionless .
it is doubtful if an earthquake would have disturbed Dora .
then , almost as suddenly as it began , the storm ceased .
Marilla rose from her knees , weak and trembling , and dropped on her rocker .
her face was haggard and she looked ten years older .
not only was every blossom stripped from the apple trees but great boughs and branches were wrenched away .
John Henry came wading through the hailstones with a rather scared grin .
later on Anne went over to comfort Mr Harrison .
she found him sitting by the table , stroking Ginger 's gay dead body with a trembling hand .
Anne could never have imagined herself crying on Ginger 's account , but the tears came into her eyes .
well , well , I 'm an old fool to care so much .
if you did I 'd cry like a baby .
hasn't this been a terrible storm ?
I guess folks won't laugh at Uncle Abe 's predictions again .
look at the mess we have here .
Avonlea folks did nothing the next day but visit each other and compare damages .
the roads were impassable for wheels by reason of the hailstones , so they walked or rode on horseback .
the mail came late with ill tidings from all over the province .
uncle Abe waded out to the blacksmith 's forge early in the morning and spent the whole day there .
it was Uncle Abe 's hour of triumph and he enjoyed it to the full .
uncle Abe forgot that he had ever denied setting the day .
as for the trifling discrepancy in the hour , that was nothing .
Lawson and Blair were cleaned out by the Carmody people by ten o'clock .
Anne came running down from the west gable .
Mr Levi Boulter 's old house was struck and burned to the ground .
it is a most extraordinary coincidence that it should have come on the very day we selected .
I wanted some for Matthew 's grave .
and my annuals are all coming up again . ..y ..y but oh , nothing can replace the June lilies .
poor little Hester Gray will have none either .
I went all the way back to her garden last night but there wasn't one .
oh , you may well look surprised .
I suppose he has been masquerading as a bachelor and breaking hearts right and left .
anyway , I 'm sure I couldn't have imagined such a bonnet .
Marilla stared in her turn .
people simply took it for granted .
they found out what Mrs Lynde had to say when she came up that evening .
Mrs Lynde wasn't surprised !
Mrs Lynde had always expected something of the sort !
Mrs Lynde had always known there was SOMETHING about Mr Harrison !
Mrs Lynde rushed in where Anne had feared to tread .
Mrs Lynde did not revisit Green Gables that night .
Davy , arriving home at nine o'clock from the Boulter place , explained why .
Mrs Lynde said to tell you she was sorry it was too late to call tonight .
we had tea at Milty 's at four and I think Mrs Boulter is real mean .
Anne looked at Marilla , who followed her into the pantry and shut the door cautiously .
Davy took his slice of bread and jam with a sigh .
Milty says it 's awful fun to watch her .
Davy had no sorrows that plum jam could not cure .
Davy soon returned , somewhat cast down .
the Harrison kitchen wore a very unfamiliar look to Anne .
he was sprucely shaved and what little hair he had was carefully trimmed .
Mr Harrison relaxed into a sheepish smile .
if anybody 'd have asked me if I was married I 'd have said I was .
but they just took it for granted .
I was feeling too sore over it .
as soon as they were comfortably seated on the veranda Mr Harrison began his tale of woe .
but three years ago she died .
she advised me to take Emily Scott because Emily had money of her own and was a pattern housekeeper .
and Emily said she 'd have me .
I tell you I thought at first I was in luck .
but that she wouldn't do .
she 'd set out to make me over but she hadn't caught me young enough .
I wasn't allowed to come into the house unless I changed my boots for slippers at the door .
and I didn't use good enough grammar .
Emily 'd been a schoolteacher in her early life and she 'd never got over it .
then she hated to see me eating with my knife .
I told her one day she hadn't complained of my grammar when I proposed to her .
it wasn't an overly tactful thing to say .
ginger was the rock we split on at last .
Emily didn't like parrots and she couldn't stand Ginger 's profane habits of speech .
I was attached to the bird for my brother the sailor 's sake .
I didn't see any sense in getting worked up over his swearing .
but Emily couldn't see it that way .
women ain't logical .
Emily invited our minister and his wife to tea , and another minister and HIS wife that was visiting them .
he surpassed himself that time .
I went out and carried Ginger to the barn .
I can't say I enjoyed the meal .
I packed up her belongings and sent them after her .
I concluded I 'd come to the Island .
so , just to be contrary , I moved over here .
and that 's all there is to it .
no , don't go , Anne .
Mrs Harrison welcomed Anne radiantly and insisted on her staying to tea .
Mrs Lynde is a lovely woman , isn't she ?
the blame was far from being all on his side .
I can see that now .
I see now that I expected too much of a man .
and I was real foolish to mind his bad grammar .
Anne kept her own counsel and Mrs Harrison never knew that her gratitude found its way to its object .
they had reconciled a man to his wife and made the reputation of a prophet .
Mrs Lynde was in the Green Gables kitchen .
she had been telling the whole story to Marilla .
well , I must get back .
Thomas 'll be wearying for me .
I hear Gilbert Blythe has resigned from White Sands .
she carried Davy away , her oval girlish cheek pressed against his curly yellow head .
Thomas Lynde faded out of life as quietly and unobtrusively as he had lived it .
his wife was a tender , patient , unwearied nurse .
they 're all smart , capable children , just like their mother .
on the day after Thomas Lynde 's funeral Marilla went about Green Gables with a strangely preoccupied air .
Anne looked up in astonishment .
I 've always felt that you should go .
but that isn't the question exactly .
you ought to go on with your education .
your eyes are better , of course ; but I can't leave you alone with the twins .
that 's what I meant to discuss with you .
I had a long talk with Rachel tonight .
and then of course Thomas ' illness has cost a good deal , one way or another .
a woman of her age doesn't make new friends and interests easy .
if I had Rachel living with me you could go to college .
I 'd miss her terrible .
she 's the only close friend I 've got here and I 'd be lost without her .
Anne had a long meditation at her window that night .
Joy and regret struggled together in her heart .
Anne has lots of company and the twins make it real lively .
these two decisions being noised abroad speedily ousted the arrival of Mrs Harrison in popular gossip .
sage heads were shaken over Marilla Cuthbert 's rash step in asking Mrs Rachel to live with her .
people opined that they wouldn't get on together .
Dora will make a good , reliable woman but she 'll never set the pond on fire .
Gilbert Blythe was probably the only person to whom the news of Anne 's resignation brought unmixed pleasure .
her pupils looked upon it as a sheer catastrophe .
Annetta Bell had hysterics when she went home .
Barbara Shaw cried all night .
Paul Irving defiantly told his grandmother that she needn't expect him to eat any porridge for a week .
I feel as if there was a dreadful lump in my throat .
I believe I will cry after I go to bed .
and it would be such a relief .
but anyway , I can't eat porridge .
oh Grandma , I don't know what I 'll do when my beautiful teacher goes away .
Milty Boulter says he bets Jane Andrews will get the school .
I suppose Miss Andrews is very nice .
Diana also took a very pessimistic view of affairs .
it 's too mean .
Mrs Allan feels very badly about going away .
and then , there 's the baby 's grave , you know .
please don't forget hers .
Diana crawled up and got her back against the headboard of the bed .
don't take such a gloomy view of things , Diana .
well , of course these past two years have really been too pleasant to last .
I know SOMEBODY who is glad you are going to Redmond anyhow .
don't be vexed and do answer seriously .
Diana sighed .
she wished , somehow , that Anne had answered differently .
SOMETHING would tell me .
but I never could be .
when I 'm forty-five I 'll be horribly fat .
oh , mind you , Nelson Atkins proposed to Ruby Gillis three weeks ago .
Ruby told me all about it .
Anne made an impatient movement .
Diana admitted this somewhat resentfully .
I wouldn't ask her who it was , because I knew she was dying to BE asked .
she 's so different from Jane , isn't she ?
I shall never forget the thrill that went over me the day you told me you loved me .
I 'm just beginning to realize how starved and lonely it really was .
but when I came to Green Gables everything was changed .
and then I met you .
you don't know what your friendship meant to me .
Davy wanted to know .
but I 'm going to walk and it 's too far for your eight-year-old legs .
if I can keep on I 'll catch up with him some day , both in legs and goodness .
and then he laid down on the bank and stuck his head right into the spring to show them .
but the bank 's awful slippy and Paul went right in .
I tell you he made a bully splash .
he made a SPLENDID splash .
the girls laughed more'n ever , but Gracie didn't laugh .
she looked sorry .
Gracie 's a nice girl but she 's got a snub nose .
I remembered to this morning , Marilla .
I don't forget half as often as I did .
well , if I can't go to Miss Lavendar 's I 'll go over and see Mrs Harrison .
Mrs Harrison 's an awful nice woman , I tell you .
I guess getting married makes folks nicer .
why don't YOU get married , Marilla ?
they never have any at Milty Boulter 's .
the slandered hens were nowhere near the pansy bed and Marilla did not even glance at it .
instead , she sat down on the cellar hatch and laughed until she was ashamed of herself .
I thought you 'd come today .
you belong to the afternoon so it brought you .
things that belong together are sure to come together .
what a lot of trouble that would save some people if they only knew it .
perhaps it is .
so we 'll just make a raid on the pantry .
fortunately it 's lovely and full .
but she doesn't approve of snacks between meals .
that is why we have them so often at Echo Lodge .
we are always intending to reform .
Sunday is a very long day on the shore road .
I think a good deal ; but I 'm afraid my thoughts are worldly .
Grandma says we should never think anything but religious thoughts on Sundays .
and when it comes to a difference of opinion between Grandma and teacher I don't know what to do .
you 'd better go by her way of expressing it , since it 's been the result of experience .
I shall miss you so much .
oh , sometimes , I think it is of no use to make friends .
there are such things as letters and vacations .
miss Lavendar made an impatient movement with her pretty hands .
there is nothing in my life but echoes . ..y ..y echoes of lost hopes and dreams and joys .
they 're beautiful and mocking .
it 's just that I 'm getting old and it doesn't agree with me .
I know I 'll be fearfully cranky by the time I 'm sixty .
Girls , when you come back with your strawberries we 'll have tea out here under the silver poplar .
it seemed so easy when you watched Anne .
Charlotta the Fourth admired Anne wholeheartedly .
it was not that she thought her so very handsome .
Anne laughed , sipped the honey from the tribute , and cast away the sting .
she was used to taking her compliments mixed .
public opinion never agreed on Anne 's looks .
people who had heard her called handsome met her and were disappointed .
people who had heard her called plain saw her and wondered where other people 's eyes were .
Anne herself would never believe that she had any claim to beauty .
she seemed to walk in an atmosphere of things about to happen .
I 'm sure she isn't , though she never complains .
I feel sure she caught cold that night , ma'am .
her grandmother brought it out from England and Miss Lavendar was awful choice of it .
I tell you I was sorry and scared .
Charlotta the Fourth 's eyes brimmed up with tears .
Anne patted the little brown paw holding the cracked pink cup sympathetically .
she stays here alone too much .
Charlotta shook her head , with its rampant bows , disconsolately .
Miss Lavendar hates visiting .
just like that , Miss Shirley , ma'am .
she was glad for Miss Lavendar 's sake and for her own too .
I never knew a young person with white hair .
but your eyes are as young as my beautiful teacher 's when you laugh .
isn't it funny and nice we should all know each other ?
but I guess that kind of people always find each other out .
but I think it 's splendid to have them .
YOU know , Miss Lavendar .
he steals in and wakens me with a kiss every morning .
then all day he plays here in the garden . ..y ..y and I play with him .
we run races and talk with the echoes ; and I tell him stories .
at the close they gave her an address and a writing desk .
Mrs Harmon Andrews , Mrs Peter Sloane , and Mrs William Bell walked home together and talked things over .
Mrs Andrews was determined not to agree fully with anybody that day .
but we are none of us perfect .
did you notice how neat and snug Mr Harrison looked today ?
I never saw such a changed man .
I declare I hardly knew him today .
for two years she had worked earnestly and faithfully , making many mistakes and learning from them .
she had had her reward .
Anne spent a fortnight at Echo Lodge early in her vacation and everybody concerned had a good time .
in the evening she went down to the shore road to see Paul Irving .
father is here . ..y ..y just think of that !
father is here !
come right in .
father , this is my beautiful teacher .
Stephen Irving came forward to meet Anne with a smile .
I want to thank you for what you have done for Paul .
I think that your influence has been just what he needed .
what was lacking in her you have supplied .
everybody likes to be appreciated .
Paul sat between them blissfully happy .
it was a great surprise .
you lose all the fun of expecting things when you 're surprised .
but in a case like this it is all right .
father came last night after I had gone to bed .
but I woke right up and saw father .
she wouldn't trust them to Mary Joe , she says .
but I 'm going to leave you for a little while now if you 'll excuse me .
I must get the cows for Mary Joe .
but Anne felt that he was thinking of something else underneath all the time .
presently it came to the surface .
miss Lewis at the stone house in Grafton .
for a few moments there was silence in the little dark-walled room .
then he turned and looked down into Anne 's sympathetic face with a smile , half-whimsical , half-tender .
she wouldn't tell things of such a sacred nature to everybody .
well , I am going to ask a favor of you .
I would like to go and see Miss Lavendar if she will let me .
oh , indeed she would !
she found Miss Lavendar in the garden .
Anne was fearfully excited .
her hands grew cold and her voice trembled .
miss Lavendar roamed about the garden in a distracted fashion .
you see , Prince Charming is coming tonight .
Anne laughed .
but Miss Lavendar never was .
and the faithful little handmaiden dashed to the oven door with a sniff .
dear me , Charlotta has forgotten to dust the stair railing AGAIN .
Anne was sitting on the porch steps when Stephen Irving came down the lane and across the garden .
Mr Irving smiled a little sadly into her uplifted face , all astar with its youth and promise .
he did not ask Anne to translate her remark into prose .
my older sister , Charlotta the First , thought she was engaged to one once .
it passed an hour .
then , just as Anne laid down the last shining spoon , they heard the front door shut .
both sought comfort fearfully in each other 's eyes .
they flew to the window .
Mr Irving had no intention of going away .
he and Miss Lavendar were strolling slowly down the middle path to the stone bench .
why , Miss Shirley , ma'am , you 're crying !
the preparation of her own modest outfit for Redmond was of secondary importance .
then the dressmaker came , and there was the rapture and wretchedness of choosing fashions and being fitted .
everybody concerned in Miss Lavendar 's story was very happy .
I just love Miss Lavendar .
Grandma is pleased , too .
but I hope she won't give her queer notions up , teacher , because I like them .
and I don't want her to be like other people .
Charlotta the Fourth was another radiant person .
ain't Mr Irving splendid ?
he hadn't heard anything of Miss Lavendar for fifteen years .
and now everything has come right .
and I had a hand in bringing it about .
perhaps , as Mrs Lynde says , everything is foreordained and it was bound to happen anyway .
but even so , it 's nice to think one was an instrument used by predestination .
Marilla glanced at the radiant young face and refrained from further sarcastic comments .
Marilla , that IS romantic , even in prose .
I 'm so glad .
Diana Barry and Fred Wright were standing together under the big willow .
Diana was leaning against the gray trunk , her lashes cast down on very crimson cheeks .
it is always a very puzzling question . ..y ..y what can somebody see in somebody else ?
it was plain that Diana DID see something in Fred Wright , however Anne 's eyes might be holden .
both girls cried and kissed and laughed .
but I 'm going to begin crocheting doilies tomorrow .
Diana looked hurt .
I think you 'll make the sweetest little housekeeper in the world .
but then Diana thought so too , once .
but she has changed .
perhaps I 'll change too .
the last week in August came .
Miss Lavendar was to be married in it .
two weeks later Anne and Gilbert would leave for Redmond College .
Mr Allan was to preach his farewell sermon the next Sunday .
Mr Harrison was smoking on his veranda .
Mr Harrison rewarded this concession by going outdoors altogether to smoke in fine weather , and so mutual goodwill reigned .
Anne had come over to ask Mrs Harrison for some of her yellow dahlias .
to be sure , Mrs Lynde 'll be over there in your place .
the irony of Mr Harrison 's tone is quite untransferable to paper .
Mr Harrison nodded .
you 're all right .
they found the stone house agog with excitement .
like the helmet of Navarre , Charlotta 's blue bows waved ever in the thickest of the fray .
and Miss Lavendar ain't to be trusted to do a thing .
ANYBODY can have a stroke .
you don't have to learn how .
but maybe everything 'll go all right .
but alas , the morning did look unpropitious .
Charlotta the Fourth seemed certainly to have borrowed a leaf out of Miss Eliza Andrews ' book .
there was no formality about the marriage .
they went out to the honeysuckle arbor , where Mr Allan was awaiting them .
the guests grouped themselves as they pleased .
Mr Allan opened his blue book and the ceremony proceeded .
instantly the garden was alive with dancing shadows and flickering lights .
but it was reserved for Paul to give the prettiest send-off .
two hours later Anne and Charlotta the Fourth came down the lane again .
Gilbert had gone to West Grafton on an errand and Diana had to keep an engagement at home .
Anne and Charlotta had come back to put things in order and lock up the little stone house .
a busy evening followed .
he had left his horse and buggy out at the road .
behind them in the garden the little stone house brooded among the shadows .
it was lonely but not forsaken .
and over the river in purple durance the echoes bided their time .
most spellings and combined words have been left as they were in the majority of the editions originally published .
doesn't it seem as if mine had been really granted at last ?
the sisters divided the care of the young people among them , each taking the part that suited her best .
Franz was with a merchant kinsman in Hamburg , a man of twenty-six now , and doing well .
Tom was studying medicine and trying to like it .
Jack was in business with his father , bent on getting rich .
Dolly was in college with Stuffy and Ned reading law .
the girls were all flourishing .
both were approaching Plumfield on the afternoon when Mrs Meg and Mrs Jo were talking on the piazza .
oh , ah ! yes , I remember .
it is well .
the effect of that prescription was wonderful .
if sugar or milk can cure diphtheria in this remarkable manner , I 'll make a note of it .
Nan frowned ; but she was used to it , and knew how to treat him .
no , thank you .
another name is engraved upon my heart as indelibly as the blue anchor on my arm .
Daisy appeared in a moment to greet her friend , and all began to talk .
she has a whitlow , and it 's time to lance it .
Tom Merryweather has granulated lids , and I promised to touch them up for him .
save a doctor 's fee and be good practice for me .
Daisy doesn't like to hear you saw-bones talk of your work .
he 's worth a dozen Jacks and Neds bragging about money and trying to be swells .
Dan has to work his way , and that teaches him courage , patience , and self-reliance .
there 's news for you .
the first of the flock , Aunty , so say good-bye to him .
I do so like to settle my boys with a good wife and a nice little home .
that child is a born actress .
now I know how dear Marmee felt when I begged to be an actress .
I couldn't stop in this dull place if I hadn't that child to make it lively for me .
then your house would have been all peace and mine all Bedlam .
now I must go and tell Laurie the news .
be prepared for every sort of romance and rashness for the next ten years , Jo .
of course you see what all that means ?
my darling , put the baby to sleep , and go for a run .
the dear child is too much absorbed in her artistic dreams for one so young .
I am a little jealous of Amy , and want more of a share in my girl .
what larks we had !
so beautifully lifelike was it that it seemed to smile down upon her daughters , saying cheerfully :
did you know Ludmilla ?
I saw the Madchen when I went over to place Franz .
Blumenthal is satisfied , I think , and the boy will be happy .
they are two old friends of mine in Leipzig , who will befriend thee in that new life .
the idea of two armies stopping and sitting down while a pair of heroes flung stones at one another !
I don't think much of your old Homer .
Emil chuckled , and handed out a quaintly carved bear whose head opened , showing a capacious ink-stand .
and Bess , who hated ugly things , turned her eyes to her own pretty shells .
things always went by contraries with Jo .
I 've sent at least six to this boy , and he probably sells them .
all I have to give must go to feed and clothe the poor at my gates .
that is my thank-offering for success .
there 's a cool proposal for you .
I have read them all many times , and call them first-rate .
please go ahead .
also what careers they shall follow the oldest being twelve .
what is that blotted one ?
this proved to be a poem from an insane admirer , to judge by its incoherent style .
I take you with the flashes of my pen .
the geranium of the world is J . M Bhaer .
now I will dust a bit , and then go to my work .
and Mrs Bhaer threw down her napkin as if defying all creation .
at that moment the bell rang and the sound of wheels was heard in the road .
but before she could do so , a man appeared at the door with a card in his hand .
Ted met him with a stern air , and his mother dodged behind the window-curtains to bide her time for escape .
I 'll call again .
is this her study ?
Mrs Erastus Kingsbury Parmalee , of Oshkosh , tell her .
that 's where she writes , ain't it ?
do tell me if that 's her picture !
we are a thousand times obliged .
and hastily pursuing the unhappy woman , who was making for the door , Mrs Parmalee cried eagerly :
and Mrs Jo hung up her apron in the hall closet , with a groan at the trials of her lot .
better dodge while the coast is clear !
and Josie quailed at the idea of facing the black throng rapidly approaching .
run and put a tub in the back entry for their umbrellas to drip into .
and Mary giggled again at the idea .
Mary retired , to return in a moment nearly speechless with merriment .
I shall not go down .
how could I forget the only home I ever knew ?
Mary , being a newcomer , was frightened at your looks and manners .
Josie won't know you , but Ted will recognize his Danny in spite of the big beard and flowing mane .
they will all be here soon to welcome you ; so before they come tell me more about yourself .
why , Dan , dear ! it 's nearly two years since you were here !
I don't care for the money , you know .
anything fresh and daring , free and romantic , is always attractive to us womenfolk .
why , you are growing up too !
what am I going to do , with no young one to play with ?
oh , I 've got a splendid idea !
you are just the thing for Arbaces in The Last Days of Pompeii .
Tom and Ted are going to shower bushels of ashes down and roll barrels of stones about .
we wanted a dark man for the Egyptian ; and you will be gorgeous in red and white shawls .
the excitement is all I care for , and it isn't good for me .
I have a notion to try farming out West .
I can make a beginning , and you can send me your black sheep to stock my place with .
I 'll send my Ted for a visit .
it is a fine plan , and we will back you up .
you will find splendid animals to model , and scenery such as you never saw in Europe to paint .
even prosaic pumpkins are grand out there .
that will just suit me .
I 'll come .
would you just let me feel your arm ?
and Nan delivered a short lecture with Dan 's sinewy arm to illustrate it .
he 's trying to get up the glum expression proper to the business .
by this time everyone was interested , and Dansville began to lose its charm .
I 'm going to take a run to Kansas and see how that promises .
this is my will , and you all witness it .
but the three who are soon going out into the world again I can't help worrying about .
I 'll see to Nat , and Dan is in a good way now .
he 's unusually fitted for that peculiar task and I hope he 'll decide to do it .
the women of England can vote , and we can't .
people always quarrel over that question , and call names , and never agree .
mother and the aunts go every year , and Daisy will come with me .
take four pellets , and your dyspepsia will be all right .
and Tom gloomily crunched his dose .
a good fit of seasickness will set you up , and a stiff north-easter blow your blue-devils away .
I 'm not going to grind three mortal years and have nothing to show for it .
Tom carefully selected the best of everything for Nan , to be crushed by the remark :
imagine the shock when , instead of some interesting confidence or affectionate word , Dan swung round , saying bluntly :
couldn't you wait till I came for you ?
have you cut away on the sly ?
and Dan was off , with the family streaming after him , to welcome the newcomer .
she 's saved my life more than once .
and Josie patted the animal , with a face full of sympathy .
Black Hawk said we could live on the horses several days and still travel before they felt it .
he received plenty of it , and seemed more pleased for his pet 's sake than for his own .
I feel as if I ought to give you parched corn and dried meat for dinner , my braves .
he got on better with the young men , and was their hero at once .
but didn't he enjoy himself , bumping against his fellow men and swinging me round like a mop .
and Mrs Jo subsided into a corner , much dishevelled by her benevolent exertions .
they were laughing over the impending double chins , when Mr Laurie came off duty for a moment .
you never could take a little gentle exercise without returning in rags .
come and have a quiet stroll with me and cool off before supper .
dear Mary , weep no more for me .
E'en then , when terror chilled my blood , My heart was filled with love of thee .
Glad you like my first tableau .
come and see number two .
hope it isn't spoilt ; it was very pretty just now .
the second window framed a very picturesque group of three .
he 's too picturesque to have here among so many romantic girls .
I wait with interest to see what it will be .
Jove ! wish he could see us at some of our wines .
the Princess is rather more to my taste .
Miss Perry is a nice , easy-going girl .
now I 'll undertake to steer any girl and dance down any fellow you please .
just see if Miss Nelson 's plate is empty , there 's a good fellow .
never saw girls eat such a lot .
don't like to see a girl feed .
she was very kind to me .
I 'll do mine so and ask about my purple one .
it will be dreadfully dull without them .
she has been doing Dan 's head , and it is not quite finished .
I never saw her so interested in any work , and it 's very well done .
there 's Bess now .
I like him very much ; he 's so big and strong and independent .
boys take things too easily , don't see how serious it all is and go to work in earnest .
Nat will be twice the man when he comes back after his trip .
I wish Tom was going with him .
let us have equal opportunities , and in a few generations we will see what the judgement is .
I 'll stand by and lend a hand if you want it .
I don't say generous , only just .
I blushed for them , and the wives and mothers .
Nan and Alice are on the rampage , and we are at the bar to be tried for our lives .
I 'll sit here and listen .
Dan and Emil have seen the world and ought to know their own minds .
Tom and Nat have had five examples before them for years .
Demi is ours and we are proud of him .
so is Rob .
I do , and I 'll ship a crew of girls any time you say so .
aren't they worse than a press-gang to carry a fellow out of his moorings ?
tom shut the umbrella , and standing up raised his hand , saying solemnly :
cheap sentiment and bad logic .
they know I understand them , and they always open their hearts sooner or later .
I know your ways , Jo , and I don't give in .
she did not wait long .
sit and rest with me , and have one of our good old talks .
Daisy will perhaps forget when you are gone , and be glad you are only friends .
hold to it and make yourself a man .
no one will be quicker to see and admire the brave work than my sister Meg .
now , cheer up ; don't be lackadaisical and blue .
say good-bye cheerfully and bravely , show a manly front , and leave a pleasant memory behind you .
we all wish you well and hope much for you .
write to me every week and I 'll send a good , gossipy answer .
things have been made easy for you in many ways , but no one can do everything .
I like to leave port in fair weather and have a jolly send-off all round .
are you ready for them ?
I 've seen plenty of that , and have got my bearings pretty well , I guess .
I 've seen him knock a fellow down with a belaying pin , and couldn't lend a hand .
and Emil frowned as if he already trod the quarter-deck , lord of all he surveyed .
that will be excellent training for you , Emil , and sober you down a bit .
that is the text of my little sermon to you .
all right , steady in the gangway !
I 'll be along by the time you 've got out the cake-box .
generally , I 'm rather anxious to cut loose after a short stop .
so far I 'm sure the free life was best .
don't try it again ; it may have the terrible fascination for you it has for so many .
I shall kill someone some day ; that 's all I 'm afraid of .
as I said to Nat , watch and pray , my dear boy .
and Dan leaned his rough head on his hands in a despondent attitude .
Sunday is a quiet day everywhere , and this book is never old nor out of place .
begin with the stories you used to love when I told them to you boys .
David was your favourite , you remember ?
but all he said was :
I don't take much stock in the idea of meeting folks in heaven .
I 'll read it over , and maybe it will do me good .
next day the travellers were off .
and He was .
THE LION AND THE LAMB
the Professor took Mrs Jo to the mountains .
but I sometimes think he 's pining for Dan .
maybe something has happened to Dan .
Don howled last night and can't rest .
I 'll stir him up and take him for a run .
this indignity roused Don and he sat up with a growl .
Rob heard it , and seeing Ted raise the switch , ran to interfere , exclaiming :
Dan forbade it !
Rob seldom commanded , but when he did Master Ted had to give in .
why did you get in the way ?
I 'll wash it till she comes .
maybe it 's nothing ; don't look so staggered , Ted .
we can't wait to see if Don is sick or to go for a doctor .
I won't .
I 'll take Rob to Dr Morrison at once , and have the dog man see Don .
Rob shut his eyes , clinched his hands , and sat like a hero .
we won't alarm anyone yet , for I 've made up my mind our scare is all nonsense .
don't let him know it , and report to me if anything seems wrong .
one never knows in these cases .
I also see a change in my Robchen .
come in and tell us what good fairy has been at work while we were gone .
I stir him up a bit , and he steadies me a great deal .
you and father do the same , you know .
I 'm flattered at being like father in any way .
tell me at once ; I will not have any secrets now .
boys sometimes suffer all their lives from neglected accidents or carelessness .
we can bear it ; do not hold it back to spare us .
she forbade him to come out here while she stayed , and packed him off with Demi .
in a moment of weariness she may give in , and then it 's all over .
it 's no use to try to drown myself when she is bathing .
I can't sink , and she 'd only send a man to pull me out .
what can I do ?
I will see her and tell her my hopes and make her say I can act some day .
papa promised to give you a chance before the season is over , and he always manages things nicely .
hope she will bathe this afternoon , though it is low tide .
come and have a good dive from the big rock .
I see it , but can't get it .
will the little boy find me a long stick ?
dive away , child ; the sand is covering it fast .
I value it very much .
tell papa I 'm coming to see him soon .
ah ! here 's our pearl of divers .
I 'm going to get it , if I go to Liverpool for it !
I like that .
I want you to tell me if I can act ; you will know .
I think you have the courage , and this proves that you have perseverance .
perhaps you 'll do .
thank you very much , little mermaid .
tell papa to bring his daughter to see me any time .
perhaps she 'll do .
good stock talent in the family .
so much depends on that !
don't laugh , uncle !
it is a very serious moment for me .
Miss Cameron knows that , and will tell you so .
if you say I look nice , I 'm quite satisfied .
Juliet , of course .
all begin with that .
Josie tried Portia 's speech , and recited very well , giving due emphasis to each fine sentence .
she felt sure that she surpassed herself , and waited for applause .
how can it help being so ?
don't try it yet .
any clever girl can do it effectively .
but the real meaning of Shakespeare is far above you yet , child .
the comedy bit was best .
there you showed real talent .
it was both comic and pathetic .
that 's art .
don't lose it .
the Portia was good declamation .
a few have kept on , and done fairly well .
when I act I 'm perfectly happy .
I love Shakespeare , and am never tired of his splendid people .
but there is much to do before you can hope to echo his words .
fame is a pearl many dive for and only a few bring up .
I don't forget it .
a good omen .
then added in a different tone , watching the effect of her words on the expressive face before her :
cultivate mind and body , heart and soul , and make yourself an intelligent , graceful , beautiful , and healthy girl .
we have to climb slowly , with many slips and falls .
uncle says that sort is my style , and I must not think of tragedy .
cultivate that talent of yours .
we are going to have some at Christmas , with a nice part for me .
little friend , wear this for my sake .
it is fit for a mermaid , and will remind you of your first dive .
what is it ?
don't care who it is ; and I hope you 'll be married soon .
don't worry about Nan .
of course after sousing the poor girl I had to be attentive to her , hadn't I ?
hope she is not a Dickens Dora ?
of course we had to stay another day to see that Dora was all right .
Demi wanted to .
fact is , tennis is a dangerous game , ma'am .
Dora seemed to like it and expect it , and of course I was glad to be agreeable .
such a mess !
she might have said donkeys ; but she was in earnest , and she spared my feelings .
is it really serious , or only a summer flirtation ?
I couldn't say a word when she took it all in solemn earnest and seemed so happy .
she suits me tip-top .
and Tom looked entirely satisfied with his own tact and taste .
he said he went to Quitno to see Fred Wallace , but he never saw the fellow .
Dora loves you and thinks you love her .
upon my soul , I don't see why she should !
it wasn't right , and I don't deserve to be so happy .
yes , I do love her , only I can't believe it just yet .
wish you knew her .
dear little soul , I long to see her already !
and she shook both his hands with hearty affection .
mother Bhaer will tell you all about it .
I must go and make myself tidy .
now he will go into business with his father and do well , and everyone be happy .
I shall give Dora an elegant family medicine-chest for a wedding-present , and teach her how to use it .
now I 'm off to Daisy .
wonder what she will say to Tom .
Meg likes to manage her children in her own way , and a very good way it is .
nothing could be done about it but to help them make wise choices , and be worthy of good mates .
Tom was quite satisfied with the tremendous effect his engagement produced in the little community at Plumfield .
let me tell you all about it .
have you got it ?
I like it .
things are done in a businesslike way there , and that suits me .
it adds so much to one 's happiness to love the task one does .
now I am at ease about you .
I have fumbled my way into my right place at last , I hope .
let Daisy be happy in her way , since it is a good and womanly one .
she usually is in the evening .
but Demi was a wise youth , and never leaped before looking carefully .
this evening she got her chance , and made the most of it .
Serves you right if you leave your rubbish about .
don't you like my song ?
I 'll never tease you again though you moon and spoon both day and night .
if you stand by me , I 'll stand by you and never say a word .
I 've got a note for you from Alice .
the fourth day came and the supply of food and water was nearly gone .
it was Mary singing to her mother , who lay sobbing in her arms , spent with this long anguish .
I must remember it , and do my duty to the end .
it was soon over ; and then all were safely aboard the good Urania , homeward bound .
where was Dan ?
they shall think me dead and so still care for me , but never know what I am .
Mason envied the splendid health of his neighbour , and mourned to see it wasting there .
one was patient , docile , and cheerfully obeyed orders , even when told that the arm must go .
he submitted and after much suffering recovered , grateful for life , though he could fight no more .
then he took up his solitary life again , and tried to pay his forfeit manfully .
that comes to us all in our young days .
so Nat enjoyed his handsome little apartment immensely , and insensibly let many unaccustomed luxuries creep in .
a more panic-stricken youth was seldom seen than Nat as he received this unexpected demand .
nothing but the truth could save him , and he had the honour and honesty to tell it faithfully .
what could he do ?
but he must live meantime .
I 'll go and tell Professor Baumgarten all about it and ask his advice .
then I 'll sell out , pay my debts , and go back where I belong .
John , you are hurt !
but it is risky .
I hope no one will recognize him when he comes on as the son .
I 'm tired of love-sick girls and runaway wives .
we 'll prove that there 's romance in old women also .
a few broken words told the story of her vain search , and then the sad quest began again .
then she drew down the sheet , gave a long shivering sigh of relief , saying softly :
and stooping down , she kissed the cold forehead tenderly .
a charming little Hebe stood next , pouring nectar from a silver teapot into a blue china tea-cup .
come and let us bear it together .
he was to go to the wedding late in June , and join his comrades in London .
Dan meantime was also counting the weeks till August , when he would be free .
yet his success was far greater than Nat 's , though only God and one good man saw it .
I must get over this first .
a tranquil snore was Stuffy 's sole reply , and a general laugh restored peace for the moment .
it is time for our Greek .
come , Bess .
and Dolly sat down to try dry cleansing with one of his handkerchiefs .
I was thinking that Jo wasn't far wrong about shirking .
I never wanted to go to college ; but my governor made me .
no need to dig .
between you and me though , it would be no end jolly to have the girls along .
study be hanged !
they drank like fishes .
but Silas was with me ; so my cruse still holds out .
these traits and foibles made both peculiarly liable to the temptations which assail pleasure-loving and weak-willed boys .
overeating is an old story ; and a few more fits of illness will teach you to be wise .
what an absurd hand that is for a man !
please make out a wholesome bill of fare , and I 'll stick to it , if I can .
oh , why don't the city fathers stop that evil thing , when they know the harm it does ?
now , come and find the young folk .
one day a brisk discussion arose concerning careers for women .
I worked hard for fame and money one winter ; but I got neither , and was much disappointed .
it is all nonsense about girls not being able to study as well as boys .
the brain is there , but the heart seems left out .
Lady Abercrombie is lunching with her , and after seeing the college is to call on us .
I 'm glad you enjoyed the little visit .
Mr Laurie and his wife were on the reception committee , and their lovely house was overflowing .
no matter if he does , he 'll enjoy the joke and introduce me as his oldest son .
later , however , the moustache appeared , and many strangers firmly believed that there were three young Bhaers .
so Ted found one ray of joy to light his gloom .
if that torment had lasted much longer I might have been as bad as poor Barry and the boatswain .
Mrs Jo and her sister joined the other group , glad to hear what Franz was saying about Nat .
it is , as I said , a lesson , and he learns it well .
Meg , will you take Ludmilla and Mary upstairs and see to them ?
Franz knows the way to the dining-room .
it 's lovely to see people so happy .
you know I mean Alice .
Ted never does it well , though I drill him for hours .
DEAR ALICE , You know what the flowers mean .
this means everything to me .
no ; it would be more generous to make the sacrifice alone , and spare him the pain of hope deferred .
be sure John has his !
did you see him jump up when Alice ended her oration ?
he 'd have gone to her if I hadn't held him back .
the kind boy thinks it would make me unhappy .
it wouldn't .
no girl in her senses would refuse our John , though he isn't rich , and never will be .
Daisy , I 've been longing to tell you what he did with his money .
he told me last night , and I 've had no time since to tell you .
but the man can work now and care for his old parents .
Mrs Meg was speaking , and still of John , when she could hear again :
he is so honest , he won't ask till he has much to give .
but he forgets that love is everything .
but she is so dutiful and good , I 'm afraid she won't let herself be happy .
with a long sigh of relief Demi glanced about him for the beloved girl .
later we give up childish things , you see .
don't believe she 's much older than we are .
I 'm faint with so much talking .
people are thinning out , and we all want a little refreshment .
yes , give us this ; sweet thing !
Daisy rejoiced over them , and was never tired of hearing her brother 's plans for the future .
the governor is getting on , you know , and my wife and I must look after him .
tell plans soon .
well , busy , and very happy .
what do you think ?
but the thing may not be all true rumour lies so .
Dan will never die of a fall on his head .
my boys get into trouble , unless I keep them close at home .
the worst is over , I hope , till these lads begin to go off .
it 's a rough place out there , and he may need careful nursing .
further inquiry confirmed and added interest to the news .
he 's safe with Tom or Demi , and will come home hungry and meek at night .
found Ted in the cars .
take him along .
he shall be severely punished , if I ever get him again .
Laurie winked at this prank ; I know he did .
just like him .
won't the two rascals have a splendid time ?
wish I was with them !
those reckless express trains always go down precipices , and burn up , or telescope .
and Mrs Jo worked off her impatience to get hold of the invalid by sending comforts enough for a hospital .
he says Kansas was a failure , but can't talk much ; so I bide my time .
I may be all wrong .
let me take him to Europe when we go ?
I know he 's not spoilt , by the look in his poor face .
oh , my dear , tell me about it !
but it 's right .
Mr Laurence knows it , I guess .
yes , I know you think that 's awful in me ; but I can't help it .
hoping to turn his mind to happier things , she said cheerfully :
tell me more about that good chaplain and Mary Mason and the lady whose chance word helped you so much .
it was curious to see the change which came over Dan after that talk .
why should the shadow always fall so darkly on him in the society of these innocent and friendly girls ?
she goes so fast my stupid head gets in a muddle and soon begins to ache .
Dan doesn't seem to care .
you know his taste ; tell me something quiet and pleasant and short .
I love to see it shine that way .
no dream of such a thing disturbed the young girl , as her entire unconsciousness plainly showed .
but how long would it be before the eloquent eyes betrayed the truth ?
never mind , read me that paper , please .
here 's a murder ; you used to like those ; shall I read it ?
never thought there would .
anxious to know everything before giving counsel or comfort , Mrs Jo said quietly :
you always did find out our secrets and give us a lift .
it amused me , and was as pretty as poetry .
my cell was high .
pausing at the window before she dropped the curtains , Mrs Jo said cheerfully :
so the conspiracy succeeded finely ; and Mrs Jo went home , feeling more like a traitor than ever .
but Ted was less easily satisfied , and this unusual reticence goaded him to desperation .
but he didn't mean to give up yet , and began again .
come , now , tell me a good yarn .
I love scrapes .
why did Blair run ? and who hit the other fellow ?
let's hear you guess .
now see if I 'm not right .
ah , ha !
I 've hit it , I see .
and Ted pranced with satisfaction .
Glad you stood by your mate in the hospital .
now , I call that decidedly interesting and capital .
you don't mind , do you ?
women don't see it that way , and look horrified at such things .
I wonder what Dan thought at not seeing you again ?
this caused a laugh , and made things gay and comfortable at once .
End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Jo 's Boys , by Louisa May Alcott
AUNT JO'S SCRAP-BAG .
JIMMY'S CRUISE IN THE PINAFORE , ETC .
BOSTON : ROBERTS BROTHERS .
copyright , BY LOUISA M ALCOTT .
UNIVERSITY PRESS : JOHN WILSON AND SON , CAMBRIDGE .
he is an Englishman !
I ..y JIMMY'S CRUISE IN THE PINAFORE @number@
TWO LITTLE TRAVELLERS @number@
a JOLLY FOURTH @number@
SEVEN BLACK CATS @number@
V ..y ROSA'S TALE @number@
a BRIGHT IDEA @number@
HOW THEY CAMPED OUT @number@
x . WHAT A SHOVEL DID @number@
KITTY'S CATTLE SHOW @number@
WHAT BECOMES OF THE PINS @number@
AUNT JO'S SCRAP-BAG .
JIMMY'S CRUISE IN THE PINAFORE .
HOW HE SHIPPED .
the plan which had been uppermost lately was this .
I guess I 'll try a steamer ; they make short trips .
where do we go ?
I can work all day and do without sleep to earn money this way .
I don't care ; but you will , you like to study so well .
I 'm in !
and weary Mrs Nelson dropped her needle to indulge in a few moments of delightful repose .
HOW HE SAILED .
day by day all grew more and more interesting .
the windows stood open , and sunshine and fresh air came in to join the revel .
HOW THE VOYAGE ENDED .
a few hours later , a cheerful-looking boy might have been seen trudging toward one of the railway-stations .
TWO LITTLE TRAVELLERS .
but when she was at home she expressed much concern and distress at the destitute condition of the children .
every one mourned for her , and all her small treasures were so carefully kept that they still exist .
a JOLLY FOURTH .
I was reading about it the other day , and can show you how to do it .
the Fourth was a fine day , with a fresh air , cloudless sky , and no dust .
the older fellows did the scientific , and their prizes were duly awarded by the judges .
a boatful of jolly little tars followed , with Tom Brown , Jr , as skipper .
Elaine had tied herself up in a big shawl , having lost her hat overboard .
also several of the pirates wore their beards twisted round behind for the sake of convenience in eating .
SEVEN BLACK CATS .
I watched him with interest , wondering where he was going .
his coolness amused me very much , and his beauty made me glad to keep him .
he was not a common cat , but , as we afterward discovered , a Russian puss .
every one admired him , and a vainer puss never caught a mouse .
he was not fond of petting , but allowed one or two honored beings to cuddle him .
one morning after a heavy snow-fall , Czar went out to take a turn up and down the path .
the boy fled affrighted , and I bore my poor Czar in to die .
we had company in the evening , and my interesting patient was put into another room .
Blot 's career was a sad and brief one .
I saw some boys pelting a wretched object with mud .
but Blot would not grow plump .
I could not win her confidence .
she had lost her faith in mankind , and I don't blame her .
she would not be easy and comfortable .
poor , dear little Blot !
in our back kitchen was an old sideboard , with two little doors in the lower part .
three jollier kits were never born , and a more devoted mother never lived .
Cuddle Bunch had a fit , and fell out of the window , killing herself instantly .
we did it once , and it was a dead failure .
coming to a lonely spot , he let them out , and returned home , much relieved in mind .
Great was my anguish when my neighbor told me that she was no more .
people sat down on him , for he would lie in chairs .
her mistress is away , but she shall have a present nevertheless .
then , recognizing a friend , she rose and came rustling through the straw to greet her late visitor .
I was full of spirit , eager to show my speed and sure of success .
I exclaimed , quite carried away by her ardor .
I was pronounced good for nothing , and he bought me cheap .
ah ! you never guessed that , did you ?
yes , I did my part gallantly and saved my master 's life more than once .
I will come now to the most interesting portion of my narrative .
didn't she study horses ' feet and shoes , that I might be cured if possible ?
dear Miss Belinda , please keep me !
I 'll eat as little as I can .
I 'll trot for you all winter , and try not to show it if I am lame .
I stopped her , and answered , with an arm about her neck and her soft nose in my hand ,
your shoes shall be taken off , and you shall rest till March at least .
but I wish I could do something to earn my board .
I hate to be idle , though rest is delicious .
is there nothing I can do to repay you , Miss Belinda ?
Miss Jerusha looked up from her seventeenth patchwork quilt , and answered , with a sympathetic glance over the way ,
something happened just then which decided her , and sealed the doom of the bilious tarts and their maker .
he shall have something good !
that 's a splendid one .
and Charley gratefully bolted the cake in three mouthfuls , having given away his own lunch .
one of these is worth a dozen of those nasty pies .
we can afford to do it cheap , and it wouldn't be much trouble .
some of those poor things look as if they never got a drop .
Peck sells beer , and milk is a deal better .
Miss Hetty has done it now , hasn't she ?
I shall order a barrel of flour at once , and heat up the big oven .
let's go in and hear all about it .
yes , this is their shop , and I 'm their niece .
a BRIGHT IDEA .
and Mrs Barlow looked about for her handkerchief .
I 'll be a milliner , and you shall have as many caps as you like .
on a long table in the middle of the room , a dozen delicate caps and head-dresses were set forth .
on another lay garlands of French flowers bought for pretty Clara 's own adornment .
now this is charming .
and Mrs Tower regarded herself with feminine satisfaction in her really fine eyes .
HOW THEY CAMPED OUT .
may his bed above be aisy the day !
Thoughtful Alice went to see if Pat was returning , and found a buffalo-robe lying on the steps .
Gus recalled them to the discomforts of their situation by saying with a yawn and a whimper ,
by Jove , that old Pat is taking his time , I think .
wonder if he has got into trouble ?
Pat can wake us up when he comes .
Gwen made the little ones comfortable , and they were off in five minutes .
something filling and good .
and Mark disrespectfully turned his back on the young ladies , who could only sit and watch the lads work .
some one was coming softly up the back stairs .
whispers were heard , and then feet approached again , accompanied by a gleam of light .
then there was a scene !
we are all right .
poor little Gwen is badly frightened .
don't you remember him , child ?
I forgot to bolt it when we first went for the wood .
in the first place he lost his way , then tumbled overboard , and let the horses go .
now pack up and let us be off .
MY LITTLE SCHOOL-GIRL .
I thought to myself , as I caught a last glimpse of the brown hat going round the corner .
she was reading a paper , but looked up to give me the inside of the walk .
I am fond of observing faces , and seldom forget one if anything has particularly attracted my attention to it .
but no one was to be seen but two boys and a dog .
I asked , feeling disappointed at not seeing my pretty friend again .
WHAT A SHOVEL DID .
it may be useful to you some day .
I watched him out of sight , thinking bitterly ,
it was bitter cold , and a heavy snow-storm had raged all night .
presently I could not resist asking ,
a GHOST STORY .
it will suit me exactly if I can have that front upper room .
I asked , with sudden interest .
Wal , I dare say you won't be troubled .
he 's a powerful snorer , and that 's one of the awful sounds .
I asked , bound to have some of the laugh on my side .
KITTY'S CATTLE SHOW .
innocent little Kitty was in raptures at the prospect , though the people in the house laughed at her .
but she firmly believed it was all right , and made her preparations with solemn care .
the lady consented , and the children went away together .
Kitty was quite willing to sell puss , for five dollars seemed a splendid fortune to her .
WHAT BECOMES OF THE PINS .
not a whit abashed it thus continued :
we are divided into classes by birth and constitution , and each can do much in its own sphere .
I never should have known the gay and blooming girl of the day before .
some obtrude themselves on all occasions , and some are never to be found in times of need .
all have the choice to wear out or to rust out .
I chose the former , and have had a useful , happy life so far .
thank you , Granny , for your little lecture .
LITTLE MEN ; OR , LIFE AT PLUMFIELD WITH JO'S BOYS .
a STORY OF EXPERIENCE .
ROSE IN BLOOM .
price $ 1.50 .
AUNT JO'S SCRAP-BAG .
CUPID AND CHOW-CHOW , ETC .
MICE AT PLAY .
a STORY FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY .
price $ 1.50 .
AN OLD-FASHIONED GIRL .
LITTLE WOMEN ; OR , MEG , JO , BETH , AND AMY .
SUSAN COOLIDGE'S POPULAR BOOKS .
Nanny at the Fair , taking orders and carrying trays .
AND OTHER STORIES .
WITH ILLUSTRATIONS BY ADDIE LEDYARD .
one handsome square 16 mo volume , bound in cloth , black and gilt lettered .
price $ 1.50 .
BOB BROWN'S BOY-BOOK .
H ..y H.'S YOUNG FOLKS ' BOOK .
BITS OF TALK , IN VERSE AND PROSE , FOR YOUNG FOLKS .
CHILD LIFE ON A FARM .
BY P THORNE .
price $ 1.25 .
LOUISE CHANDLER MOULTON'S STORIES .
MORE BED-TIME STORIES .
two handsome square 16 mo volumes , bound in cloth , black and gilt lettered .
passages in a Boy 's Life on Land and Sea .
price $ 1.50 .
SUSAN COOLIDGE'S POPULAR BOOKS .
WHAT KATY DID .
one handsome , square 16 mo volume , bound in cloth , black and gilt lettered .
these books are sold by all booksellers and newsdealers everywhere .
End of Project Gutenberg 's Aunt Jo 's Scrap-Bag , Vol . @number@ by Louisa M Alcott
Lucy Maud Montgomery Short Stories , @number@ to @number@
she achieved international fame in her lifetime , putting Prince Edward Island and Canada on the world literary map .
she published some @number@ short stories and poems and twenty novels before her death in @number@
the Project Gutenberg collection of her short stories was gathered from numerous sources and is presented in chronological publishing order :
short Stories @number@ to @number@
well , this is a kind of setback for a fellow .
a cheery-faced woman answered his knock and looked at him in a puzzled fashion .
Mrs Stetson caught both his hands in a hearty clasp .
I think I ought to know your face , though you 've changed a lot .
fifteen years have made a big difference in you .
come right in .
you 've filled out considerable .
where have you been for the last ten years ?
Lovell 's face clouded .
but it didn't seem as if it could be helped .
uncle Tom got so crippled with rheumatism he couldn't work and Aunt Sally was too frail to do anything .
this spring it was clear that there was nothing for them but the poorhouse .
Lovell weighed his hat in his hands and frowned over it reflectively .
he held the mortgage .
but do you know what she 's fretting over most of all ?
she talks about it all the time .
we 'll scare you up a shakedown to sleep on and you 're welcome as welcome .
that 's why I came east for a trip now before I 'd be tied down to business .
it was Aunt Sally 's teachings made as much a man of me as I am .
after tea Lovell said he thought he 'd stroll up the road and pay Peter Townley a call .
Jonah Stetson and his wife looked at each other when he had gone .
Lovell came back to the Stetsons ' the next evening .
in the interval he had seen Aunt Sally and Uncle Tom .
the meeting had been both glad and sad .
Lovell had also seen other people .
they 'll spend it in their own home with their old friends about them .
she said she couldn't bear to have it sold .
they visited every house where a bit of Aunt Sally 's belongings could be found .
the next time she saw Lovell she said :
the evening of the wedding anniversary came .
everybody in Blair was in the plot , including the matron of the poorhouse .
that night Aunt Sally watched the sunset over the hills through bitter tears .
when they reached the little old house , it was all aglow with light .
aunt Sally gave a cry as she entered it .
all her old household goods were back in their places .
there were some new ones too , for Lovell had supplied all that was lacking .
the house was full of their old friends and neighbours .
Mrs Stetson welcomed them home again .
they had a right royal celebration , and a supper such as the Blair housewives could produce .
there were speeches and songs and tales .
Lovell kept himself in the background and helped Mrs Stetson cut cake in the pantry all the evening .
there were twenty-five bright twenty-dollar gold pieces in the purse .
and you 've got your two hands still and an old couple 's prayers and blessings .
Toff 's violin purred under his hands as he waited for the next set to form .
the dancers were slow about it .
after a moment Paul King led out Joan Shelley from the shadowy corner where they had been sitting .
he was a handsome fellow , with the easy , winning ways that women love .
a bad egg was Paul King , with a bad past and a bad future .
he was shiftless and drunken ; ugly tales were told of him .
she had wonderfully sweet , dark blue eyes , generally dropped down , with notably long black lashes .
she made all the rosy-cheeked beauties seem coarse and over-blown .
she left in Paul 's clasp the hand by which he had led her out on the floor .
three other couples gradually took the floor and the reel began .
Joan drifted through the figures with the grace of a wind-blown leaf .
Paul danced with rollicking abandon , seldom taking his eyes from Joan 's face .
Joan looked at Paul .
Paul , with a whistle , sauntered down the sandy lane , thinking of Joan .
ah , and she loved him .
Paul lay softly and listened to what they were saying .
he was not troubled by any sense of dishonour .
honour was something Paul King could not lose since it was something he had never possessed .
they were talking of him and Joan .
Byron Lyall removed the pipe he was smoking and spat reflectively at his shadow .
a dozen better men have wanted her Connor Mitchell for one .
and he 's a honest , steady fellow with a good home to offer her .
if King had left her alone , she 'd have taken Connor .
she used to like him well enough .
but that 's all over .
she 's infatuated with King , the worthless scamp .
she 'll marry him and be sorry for it to her last day .
Paul hasn't .
it hasn't made any difference .
he 's against Paul , of course , but it won't matter .
ruin , I tell ye .
he felt no anger over Byron Lyall 's unsparing condemnation .
he was a worthless scamp and always would be .
he knew that perfectly well .
it was in his blood .
none of his race had ever been respectable and he was worse than them all .
he was not fit to touch Joan 's hand .
yet he had meant to marry her !
would it do that ?
yes , it surely would .
the man suddenly felt his eyes wet with tears .
he had never shed a tear in his daredevil life before , but they came hot and stinging now .
something he had never known or thought of before entered into his passion and purified it .
he loved Joan .
did he love her well enough to save her from the poverty-stricken , shamed life she must lead with him ?
did he love her better than himself ?
the two men talked together for some time .
when the dance broke up and the guests straggled homeward , Paul sought Joan .
Rob Shelley had his own girl to see home and relinquished the guardianship of his sister with a scowl .
Paul strode out of the kitchen and down the steps at the side of Joan , smiling with his usual daredeviltry .
he whistled noisily all the way up the lane .
Lord knows when I 'll come back .
Joan 's lips turned ashen under the fringes of her white fascinator .
she trembled violently and put one of her small brown hands up to her throat .
I 'm pretty well tired of Prospect and I haven't got anything to hold me here .
Joan said nothing more .
they walked along the spruce-fringed roads where the moonbeams laughed down through the thick , softly swaying boughs .
Paul whistled one rollicking tune after another .
the girl bit her lips and clenched her hands .
hurt pride and wounded love fought each other in her soul .
she would not let him , or anyone , see that she cared .
she would not care !
at her gate Paul held out his hand .
she gave him her cold hand and looked calmly into his face without quailing .
he was what they said he was , a scamp without principle or honour .
Paul whistled himself out of the Shelley lane and over the hill .
prospect people nodded their satisfaction .
Miss Trevor sighed with sheer happiness in all the wonderful , fleeting , elusive loveliness of sky and sea .
he had a lithe , supple body , with sloping shoulders and a brown , satin throat .
presently he smiled dreamily , and the smile completed her subjugation .
the boy turned his head and looked at her , first with surprise , then with inquiry , then with admiration .
she smiled at him and Paul smiled back .
Miss Trevor had enough discrimination to realize this and know that she need not waste time in becoming acquainted .
I live over there .
then he was a shore boy after all .
I know we like each other , and that is all that really matters .
but there are some tiresome items which it would be convenient to know .
Paul did not reply immediately .
he clasped his hands behind him and looked at her affectionately .
I haven't any father or mother , they 're dead .
I live over there with Stephen Kane .
Stephen is splendid .
he plays the violin and takes me fishing in his boat .
when I get bigger he 's going shares with me .
I love her better than all the others because she came first .
you ought to hear the stories she can tell .
then there are the Twin Sailors .
they don't live anywhere they sail all the time , but they often come ashore to talk to me .
do you know what happened to the Youngest Twin Sailor once ?
he was sailing and he sailed right into a moonglade .
he had some wonderful adventures inside the moon I 've got them all written down in my foolscap book .
then there is the Golden Lady of the Cave .
I 've never told Nora about the Golden Lady , because I think it would hurt her feelings .
it even hurts her feelings when I talk too long with the Twin Sailors .
well , it 's getting late now .
I must go back , although I don't want to .
but I 'm coming to see you again .
Paul nodded .
that is the beauty of the rock people , you know .
you can always depend on them to be there just when you want them .
if it was the Oldest Twin I dare say he 'd be cross .
I have my suspicions about that Oldest Twin sometimes .
you don't know how fierce he can look at times .
on her way back to the hotel Miss Trevor remembered the foolscap book .
I can't understand it .
and here I am loving him already .
Paul was waiting on the Noel 's Cove rocks for Miss Trevor the next afternoon .
but he had deep-set , kindly eyes , and Miss Trevor liked his face .
then he walked away up the cove and disappeared in his little grey house .
he wouldn't have gone away and left us alone if he didn't .
I 'd do anything for Stephen .
Stephen 's bringing me up , you know , and he 's bound to do it well .
we sit there for hours sometimes .
we never talk much Stephen isn't much of a hand for talking but we just sit and think .
Paul blushed all over his beautiful face whenever she mentioned it .
you 'll find it more interesting than the foolscap book , only you must remember it isn't true !
and an enchanted boat came sailing over the sea and I got into her .
the boat was all pearly like the inside of the mussel shells , and her sail was like moonshine .
well , I sailed right across to the sunset .
think of that I 've been in the sunset !
I stayed there for ever so long .
you see , in Sunset Land the time is ever so much longer than it is here .
but I was glad to come back too .
I 'm always glad to come back to the cove and Stephen .
she came to the cove every day , and every day Paul seemed more delightful to her .
yet there was nothing premature or unnatural about him .
but I couldn't be mad with you or Nora or the Golden Lady .
the boy 's fancy was like a prism , separating every ray that fell upon it into rainbows .
he was passionately fond of the shore and water .
the only world for him beyond Noel 's Cove was the world of his imagination .
but not as much as Nora oh , no , I wouldn't love you quite as much as Nora .
she was first , you see ; she 's always been there .
they climbed the ladder in one corner to the loft where Paul slept .
Stephen took me .
it was a wonderful place .
I had to tell them about all I saw and all that had happened .
and Nora was ever so interested too .
the Golden Lady wasn't , though she didn't hardly listen .
Paul looked startled .
but the new thought remained in his mind .
Miss Trevor asked herself .
he brought it to her as she sat on the rocks of the headland .
Miss Trevor took the foolscap book .
it was made of several sheets of paper sewed together and encased in an oilcloth cover .
Miss Trevor read it through in no very long time .
it was a curious medley of quaint thoughts and fancies .
when she finished the book and closed it she found Stephen Kane at her elbow .
he removed his pipe and nodded at the foolscap book .
he thrust his hands into his pockets and gazed moodily out to sea .
his hand in his pocket was clutching his pipe fiercely , but Miss Trevor could not know that .
they got married and she went away with him .
he was a good enough sort of chap .
she fretted and pined and broke her heart for it away there in his world .
she only lived a month and there was Paul , a baby of two .
I took him .
there was nobody else .
Rachel had no relatives nor her husband either .
Stephen nodded .
he never went to school .
the harbour school was too far away .
I taught him to read and write and bought him all the books I could afford .
will you give Paul to me , Mr Kane ?
I love him dearly and he shall have every advantage .
Stephen continued to gaze out to sea with an expressionless face .
I don't know .
he 's his mother 's son he loves the sea and its ways .
there 's nothing of his father in him except his hankering after books .
Miss Trevor clasped him close to her and kissed him maternally .
Paul kissed her cheek shyly in return .
he felt happy and excited so happy and excited that the parting when it came slipped over him lightly .
Stephen said farewell to the boy he loved better than life with no visible emotion .
Nora would break her heart .
they drove the ten miles to the town where they were to take the train the next day .
Paul enjoyed the drive and the sights of the busy streets at its end .
he was all excitement and animation .
Paul was tired and very quiet when they came back .
he was put away to sleep in a bedroom whose splendours frightened him , and left alone .
at first Paul lay very still on his luxurious perfumed pillows .
oh , he wanted to be back home !
Out there the stars would be shining over the harbour .
Stephen would be sitting at the door , all alone , with his violin .
oh , he could never have really meant to leave Stephen .
he could see her elfin little face peering around the point , watching for him wistfully .
Paul sat up in bed , choking with tears .
he slipped out of bed very softly and dressed in the dark .
then he lighted the lamp timidly and opened the little brown chest Stephen had given him .
with a hand shaking in his eagerness , he wrote :
Im going back home , dont be fritened about me because I know the way .
Ive got to go . something is calling me . dont be cross .
he put the note on the foolscap book and laid them on the table .
then he blew out the light , took his cap and went softly out .
the house was very still .
holding his breath , he tiptoed downstairs and opened the front door .
it was late and no one was out on that quiet street .
at last the houses grew few and scattered , and finally he left them behind .
he was not at all frightened now .
he knew the way home and the kind night was before him .
the dawn was just breaking when he reached Noel 's Cove .
Paul was tired , but he ran lightly down the shelving rocks to the cove .
Stephen was getting ready to launch his boat .
when he saw Paul he started and a strange , vivid , exultant expression flashed across his face .
Paul felt a sudden chill the upspringing fountain of his gladness was checked in mid-leap .
I had to !
Paul 's eyes were as radiant as the deepening dawn .
he knew Stephen was glad and he knew there was nothing more to be said about it .
Abel and His Great Adventure
I can't talk or think right with walls around me never could .
these were almost the first words I ever heard Abel Armstrong say .
Stillwater offered time and opportunity for healing and counsel .
I heard a good deal about him before I saw him .
there was no one else to look after her .
Abel had settled down to it with apparent content : at least he had never complained .
he never had much git-up-and-git .
his father was a hustler , but the family didn't take after him .
they all favoured the mother 's people sorter shiftless and dreamy .
no , good and worthy Mrs Campbell .
this sketch is my grateful tribute to one of the rarest and finest souls God ever clothed with clay .
we went out to the garden in the scented moist air of a maritime spring evening .
when I was a boy they were fashionable .
they 're out of fashion now .
folks complain they die at the top and get ragged-looking .
my mother was especially fond of them .
she liked their dignity and their stand-offishness . they don't hobnob with every Tom , Dick and Harry .
we stepped from the front doorstone into the garden .
there was another entrance a sagging gate flanked by two branching white lilacs .
he led me to it and pointed proudly to the fine view of the harbour visible from it .
a bell was ringing in a small Catholic chapel across the harbour .
let's sit down here in the hop-vine arbour , master .
I 'm never tired of finding out what a moonrise sheen can be like over that sea .
there 's a surprise in it every time .
nobody should talk business when he 's expecting a moonrise .
I 'll just agree to everything you and the other two trustees want .
Lord knows why they ever put me on the school board .
maybe it 's because I 'm so ornamental .
his low chuckle , so full of mirth and so free from malice , was infectious .
Abel and I passed successfully the test of silence that evening in the hop-vine arbour .
I was strangely content to sit and think something I had not cared to do lately .
nothing was ever sold out of this garden .
he thinks I 'm an awful fool because I won't do the same .
well , he gets money out of his garden and I get happiness out of mine .
that 's the difference .
I 'd only be taking it from people that needed it more .
there 's enough for Tamzine and me .
I answered that I never had .
I ain't going to ask you what 's soured you on dreaming just now .
you take your choice .
now , I favour dreams of adventures , if you 'll believe it .
I burst out laughing .
perhaps laughter was somewhat rare in that old garden .
she did not look at us or speak to us .
she was reputed to be abnormally shy .
she was very stout and wore a dress of bright red-and-white striped material .
her face was round and blank , but her reddish hair was abundant and beautiful .
he was a gorgeous brute , with vivid green eyes , and immense white double paws .
he introduced us as seriously as if the cat had been a human being .
neither Captain Kidd nor I responded very enthusiastically .
I was never fond of them myself until I found the Captain .
there are some terrible thoughtless people in the world , master .
it 's the worst kind of cruelty , I think the thoughtless kind .
you can't cope with it .
she had her poor stiff claws around them .
master , I cried .
then I swore .
I know the woman who left the cat .
when she comes back this summer I 'm going to go down and tell her my opinion of her .
I asked .
I found him one bitter cold day in winter caught in the branches of a tree by his darn-fool ribbon collar .
he was almost starving .
when I loosed him he gave my hand a pitiful swipe with his little red tongue .
he wasn't the prosperous free-booter you behold now .
he was meek as Moses .
that was nine years ago .
his life has been long in the land for a cat .
Abel shook his head .
he was a friend you understand ?
the Captain 's only a pal .
but I loved my dog .
there isn't any devil in a good dog .
and we haven't talked any business after all .
I reckon it 's that stove matter you 've come about .
it 's like those two fool trustees to start up a stove sputter in spring .
it 's as good a test of compatibility as any I know .
it 's a rare night , master .
Abel glanced at the house .
so I take my moonlight walks in the garden .
the moon 's a great friend of mine , master .
I 've loved her ever since I can remember .
I woke up alone in the night and I was most scared to death , master .
Lord , what shadows and queer noises there were !
I just sat there quaking , poor small mite .
got up and walked to the house as brave as a lion , looking at her .
goodnight , master .
from that night Abel and I were cronies .
we walked and talked and kept silence and fished cod together .
Mrs Campbell was quite worried over it , and opined that there had always been something queer about me .
I loved that old garden by the harbour shore .
when its gate closed behind me it shut out the world and my corroding memories and discontents .
he was the sanest soul I ever met .
he neither minimized ill nor exaggerated good , but he held that we should never be controlled by either .
that old garden was always such a cheery place .
perhaps this was because there were so many yellow flowers in it .
Tamzine liked yellow flowers .
but the Captain never meddled with them .
probably he understood that his master would not have tolerated it for a moment .
so there was always a song or a chirp somewhere .
Overhead flew the gulls and the cranes .
the wind in the pines always made a glad salutation .
I reckon the gods laugh many a time to hear us , but what matter ?
but she rarely spoke to me .
she spent all her spare time weeding the garden , which she loved as well as Abel did .
she was addicted to bright colours and always wore wrappers of very gorgeous print .
she worshipped Abel and his word was a law unto her .
but for years now she has been quite able to look after herself .
Abel shook his head and stroked his smart beard .
I always suspected that beard of being Abel 's last surviving vanity .
she 's got the Armstrong heart .
we don't live to be old , and we go quick and easy .
there , I 'm not going to say any more about it .
you 'll remember I wanted it that way .
not that I 'm tired of life either .
but it 's a trifle monotonous at times and death will be something of a change , master .
the young always do .
not that one of us really wants to die , though , master .
Tennyson spoke truth when he said that .
there 's old Mrs Warner at the Channel Head .
summer passed through the garden with her procession of roses and lilies and hollyhocks and golden glow .
the golden glow was particularly fine that year .
Tamzine revelled in it , but Abel liked more subtly-tinted flowers .
there was a certain dark wine-hued hollyhock which was a favourite with him .
he would sit for hours looking steadfastly into one of its shallow satin cups .
I found him so one afternoon in the hop-vine arbour .
I found a dead butterfly and had a little funeral buried it in the fern corner .
and I thought I hadn't been any more use in the world than that poor little butterfly .
oh , I was woeful , master .
then I got me this hollyhock and sat down here to look at it alone .
but my garden has done more than I did , if you 'll believe it .
come , sit down here and bask , master .
the sunshine may be gone to-morrow .
you don't see anybody but me and old Tamzine and Captain Kidd .
I see all who used to be here long ago .
it was a lively place then .
we tossed laughter backwards and forwards here like a ball .
one is my sister Alice .
she died thirty years ago .
she was very beautiful .
but it is true .
we always called her Queen Alice she was so stately and handsome .
she had brown eyes and red gold hair , just the colour of that nasturtium there .
she was father 's favourite .
the night she was born they didn't think my mother would live .
father walked this garden all night .
this old garden rang with her laughter in those years .
James Milburn was her lover .
it 's thirty-one years since his ship sailed out of that harbour and Alice waved him good-bye from this garden .
he never came back .
they say there 's no such thing ; but nothing else ailed Alice .
I remember the day : she had watched until sunset .
then she turned away from the gate .
all the unrest and despair had gone out of her eyes .
it 's a whim of mine .
it 's because I want someone to remember them and think of them sometimes after I 'm gone .
I can't bear that their names should be utterly forgotten by all living souls .
my father and mother didn't like the match .
Mercedes was a foreigner and a Catholic , and differed from us in every way .
but I never blamed Alec after I saw her .
it wasn't that she was so very pretty .
she was slight and dark and ivory-coloured .
the women couldn't understand it .
they wondered at Alec 's infatuation for her .
I never did .
nobody ever knew it .
Mercedes never dreamed of it .
I never wanted to think of any other woman .
she spoiled a man for any other kind of woman that little pale , dark-eyed Spanish girl .
to love her was like drinking some rare sparkling wine .
you 'd never again have any taste for a commoner draught .
our thrifty women-folk in Stillwater jeered at her because she wasn't what they called capable .
they said she couldn't do anything .
but she could do one thing well she could love .
she worshipped Alec .
I used to hate him for it .
oh , my heart has been very full of black thoughts in its time , master .
but neither Alec nor Mercedes ever knew .
and I 'm thankful now that they were so happy .
Alec made this arbour for Mercedes at least he made the trellis , and she planted the vines .
I suppose that 's why I like to sit here .
her eyes would be dreamy and far-away until Alec would flash his welcome .
but now I like to remember it .
and her pretty soft foreign voice and little white hands .
she used to like sitting here and listening to it .
three days later I went again to the old garden by the harbour shore .
there was a red light on a distant sail .
palaces were there and bannered towers of crimson and gold .
the garden was full of ripe odours and warm colours .
Abel was sitting in the hop-vine arbour ; beside him Captain Kidd slept .
but when I reached the arbour I saw that he was not asleep .
Abel had gone on his Great Adventure .
David Hartley had dropped in to pay a neighbourly call on Josephine Elliott .
he had an uneasy feeling that he had stayed long enough and ought to go .
David often wondered in his secret soul what Josephine did with all the interminable gray socks she knitted .
when David sighed Josephine took alarm .
she was afraid David was going to have one of his attacks of foolishness .
David got up .
David sat down again .
but Josephine misjudged David just as much as he misjudged her .
but Josephine did not even notice that he was blushing .
but he allowed his thoughts no more vagaries .
Josephine set the table with her mother 's wedding china .
it was eighteen years since he had asked it for the first time , and two years since the last .
when the meal was over Josephine cleared the table and washed the dishes .
he moved over and sat down beside her on the sofa by the window .
David grasped at the sunset as an introductory factor .
Josephine knew what was coming .
she twirled her towel around the last plate resignedly .
when David had finished his quotation he laid his hand on Josephine 's plump arm .
I wish you would , Josephine I wish you would .
I will not marry you .
that is in the first place .
and in the second , this is to be final .
it has to be .
you are never to ask me this again under any circumstances .
it seemed terrible to be cut off from all hope with such finality as this .
David obeyed sadly and put on his cap and overcoat .
when David was gone Josephine shut the door with a little shiver .
Josephine sat down by the window .
would she run over and see Mrs Leon Poirier and her little black-eyed , brown-skinned baby ?
no , they never knew what to say to each other .
there 's a persistent man for you .
Mrs Tom did not laugh .
her thin little face , with its faded prettiness , looked as if she never laughed .
Ida 's evident wish to see her married always amused Josephine .
Ida had married very young and for fifteen years her life had been one of drudgery and ill-health .
Tom Sentner was a lazy , shiftless fellow .
Ida Sentner was not given to bearing her trials in silence .
Josephine practically kept them , and her generosity never failed or stinted .
and David has such a beautiful house !
it 's ten times finer than yours , though I don't deny yours is comfortable .
and his farm is the best in Meadowby and joins yours .
when your Jack gets old enough to have some sense he can come here and live with me .
but I 'm not going to marry David Hartley , you can depend on that , Ida , my dear .
I wish you could have heard him rhyming off that poetry last night .
did Josephine consider that a drawback ?
Mrs Tom sighed .
the cold snap which had set in on the day of David 's call lasted and deepened for a week .
the gulf was no longer blue , but white with ice .
Inside Josephine had kept roaring fires all through the house but the only place really warm was the kitchen .
David Hartley was up at our place to-day barking terrible a real churchyard cough , as I told him .
he never takes any care of himself .
he said Zillah had a bad cold , too .
Josephine sat up late that night to keep fires on .
some one was pounding on the porch door .
Josephine sprang out of bed and hurried on her wrapper and felt shoes .
she had no doubt that some of the Sentners were sick .
they had a habit of getting sick about that time of night .
but David Hartley stood there , panting for breath .
Josephine , before she spoke a word , clutched him by the arm and pulled him in out of the wind .
oh , won't you come over , Josephine ?
I 've got to go for the doctor and I can't leave her alone .
I 'll go in and get ready and you go straight to the hall stove and warm yourself .
there 's a good fire in it yet .
then she locked the door and they started across the gleaming , crusted field .
it was so slippery that Josephine had to cling to David 's arm to keep her feet .
in the rapture of supporting her David almost forgot everything else .
all the Hartley girls liked her except Zillah .
when the other girls had married and gone , Josephine gave up visiting there .
Zillah was a sick woman too sick to be anything but civil to Josephine .
then she mixed up a mustard plaster for Zillah and sat down by the bedside to wait .
I reckon I 'll stay .
you can send Mamie and Jack down to stay at my house until I can go back .
at the end of a week Zillah was out of danger .
Saturday afternoon Josephine went over home to see how Mamie and Jack were getting on .
Mary Bell looks after her .
no , it 's the house .
I never lived in such a place of dust and disorder in my born days .
the minute I went there the other night I took in that kitchen with a look .
I don't believe the paint has even been washed since the house was built .
I honestly don't .
and I wouldn't like to be called upon to swear when the floor was scrubbed either .
the corners were just full of rolls of dust you could have shovelled it out .
I swept it out next day and I thought I 'd be choked .
you could write your name on everything .
and , of course , I saw that the meals were nice and well cooked .
you should have seen David 's face .
he looked as if he couldn't get used to having things clean and tasty .
not that I could do much .
if Zillah heard me moving round she 'd send Mary Bell out to ask what the matter was .
Zillah won't be able to sit up till then .
Mrs Tom Sentner did not say much to Josephine .
well , I 've always heard that pity was akin to love .
Josephine did manage to live through that fortnight .
David 's face clouded over .
David went out to his work gloomily .
for three weeks he had been living in comfort .
well , it was all ended now .
Josephine sat at the breakfast table long after David had gone out .
she scowled at the sugar-bowl and shook her head savagely at the tea-pot .
but it 's no use .
the worst of it is , I 'll have to tell him so myself .
now I 've got to say it myself if it is ever said .
Josephine threw back her head , crowned with its shining braids of jet-black hair , and laughed heartily .
she bustled back to the stove and poked up the fire .
after all , it 's kind of nice to have someone to plan and think for .
the meal was not a success from a social point of view .
Josephine began to plait the tablecloth .
she wished again that she had not been so emphatic on the occasion of his last proposal .
she won't be able to do any hard work , that 's certain .
she thinks so herself .
Clementine wants her to go and stay a spell with her in town .
David looked at her uncomprehendingly .
David sprang to his feet with such haste that he almost upset the table .
I can't discuss it for a spell .
go out to your work .
instead of going out , he strode around the table , caught Josephine masterfully in his arms , and kissed her .
and Josephine , after a second 's hesitation , kissed him in return .
aunt Philippa and the Men
I knew quite well why Father sent me to Prince Edward Island to visit Aunt Philippa that summer .
I was very miserable .
I did not want to go to Aunt Philippa 's .
but it was so horribly far away .
nevertheless , I went to Prince Edward Island .
in all my eighteen years I had never once disobeyed Father .
he is a very hard man to disobey .
I couldn't understand Father 's point of view .
of course , he hated old John Fenwick , who had once sued him for libel and won the case .
when my train reached Copely the next afternoon , Aunt Philippa was waiting for me .
there was a fine irony in her tone .
aunt Philippa 's tone was melancholy .
then she suddenly turned around and looked me over scrutinizingly .
you 're rather thin and brown .
he wants me to teach you some , but it 's a thankless business .
aunt Philippa struck her steed smartly with the whip and controlled his resultant friskiness with admirable skill .
I asked gravely .
that depends .
some are grown up when they 're born , and others ain't grown up when they 're eighty .
all thought of seeking sympathy in Aunt Philippa had vanished .
I resolved I would not even mention Mark 's name .
he had a pleasant boyish face , and he touched his hat courteously .
aunt Philippa nodded very frostily and gave her horse a quite undeserved cut .
this fellow just came last spring , and it 's my opinion he smokes .
never studies , of course .
last Sunday they say he preached on the iron that floated .
I should think she would have had enough of his sex by this time .
she married John Callman against her father 's will , and he had delirious trembles for years .
see that house over there ?
Mrs Jane Harrison lives there .
she had to do all the barn work till he 'd got over his spell .
that 's men for you .
there 's the Presbyterian manse in the hollow .
Mr Bentwell 's our minister .
even being a minister can't prevent a man from being a crank .
here 's Ebenezer Milgrave coming .
you take a good look at him .
he used to be insane for years .
aunt Philippa looked so determinedly grim that I could almost see her with a spade in her hand .
I laughed aloud at the picture summoned up .
he 's got a brother , Albert Milgrave , who 's been married twice .
they say he was courting his second wife while his first was dying .
I asked desperately .
I persisted .
all its surroundings were very neat .
on the kitchen doorstep a patchwork cat was making a grave toilet .
the groundwork of the cat was white , and its spots were black , yellow , grey , and brown .
but I ain't no lover of cats .
I told him I wasn't in the habit of fertilizing my back yard with cream .
but that 's the men for you .
I 'll have tea ready in no time .
I sot the table before I left .
there 's lemon pie .
Mrs John Cantwell sent it over .
I never make lemon pie myself .
the summer weather was delightful , and the sea air was certainly splendid .
aunt Philippa 's little farm ran right down to the shore , and I spent much of my time there .
I picked spruce gum and berries and ferns , and Aunt Philippa taught me to make butter .
but Mark did not write .
but I had been so sure he would understand !
we always sat on the verandah in the afternoon , when we were not visiting or being visited .
Joseph sat between us , sleeping or purring .
I had met him once or twice socially and had liked him .
it ain't no matter how well a man prays if his preaching isn't right .
I asked gravely .
but I ain't going to associate with them on earth , whatever I may have to do in heaven .
but I say if you are a Presbyterian , be a Presbyterian .
as for that minister man , he has a grand-uncle who was sent to the penitentiary for embezzlement .
she was Sarah Pyatt and she married Fred Proctor .
he was one of your wicked , fascinating men .
a good riddance but of course the well was spoiled .
he 's ninety if he 's a day .
you can't kill some folks with a meat axe .
his wife died twenty years ago .
he 'd been married when he was twenty so they 'd lived together for fifty years .
but he weren't grateful .
well , she died , and old Enoch and my father drove together to the graveyard .
his brother , Scotty Allan , was the meanest man ever lived in these parts .
when his wife died she was buried with a little gold brooch in her collar unbeknownst to him .
somehow , her stories began to affect me in spite of myself .
there were times when I felt very dreary .
perhaps Aunt Philippa was right .
perhaps men possessed neither truth nor constancy .
certainly Mark had forgotten me .
I was ashamed of myself because this hurt me so much , but I could not help it .
I grew pale and listless .
aunt Philippa sometimes peered at me sharply , but she held her peace .
I was grateful for this .
but one day a letter did come from Mark .
I dared not read it until I was safely in my own room .
then I opened it with trembling fingers .
the letter was a little stiff .
evidently Mark was feeling sore enough over things .
he wrote that his firm was sending him to South Africa to take charge of their interests there .
he would leave in three weeks ' time and could not return for five years .
I couldn't run away to be married in that desolate , unbefriended fashion .
I thought that Mark was rather unreasonable .
he knew what my feelings about run-away marriages were .
and was it absolutely necessary for him to go to South Africa ?
well , if he went to South Africa he must go alone .
but my heart would break .
I cried the whole afternoon , cowering among my pillows .
I never wanted to go out of that room again .
I never wanted to see anybody again .
aunt Philippa was standing by my bed .
I flung her Mark 's letter .
there wasn't anything in it that it was sacrilege to let another person see .
that was one reason why I had been crying .
aunt Philippa read it over twice .
then she folded it up deliberately and put it back in the envelope .
it may be a painful necessity sometimes , but it ain't in this case .
I sat up and stared at Aunt Philippa .
I was so amazed that it is useless to try to express my amazement .
I have some other friends in Montreal and I writ to them and asked them what he was like .
we 'll get you a wedding dress of some kind .
I 'll write a few things to your father .
he hasn't got much sense .
and that was Aunt Philippa for you .
for the next three weeks she was a blissfully excited , busy woman .
that 's the men for you .
and then a severe blow fell on Aunt Philippa .
it won't do to depend on a town minister being able to come .
no , there 's no help for it .
aunt Philippa 's tone was tragic .
plainly she thought the ceremony would scarcely be legal if that Methodist man married us .
but neither Mark nor I cared .
the young Methodist minister married us the next day in the presence of many beaming guests .
but she did not look ridiculous .
there was a certain dignity about Aunt Philippa in any costume and under any circumstance .
the train began to move .
Tommy Puffer , sauntering up the street , stopped to look at Miss Octavia 's geraniums .
Miss Octavia 's geraniums were famous in Arundel , and she was very proud of them .
but it was her garden which was really the delight of her heart .
Miss Octavia always had the prettiest garden in Arundel , especially as far as annuals were concerned .
Just now it was like faith the substance of things hoped for .
Tommy was still feasting his eyes on the geraniums when Miss Octavia herself came around the corner of the house .
her face darkened the minute she saw Tommy .
most people 's did .
it was you .
Tommy had had his ears boxed by Miss Octavia more than once .
Tommy 's heart was full of wrath and bitterness as he marched away .
this was nothing more or less than a doll .
Tommy 's home was a very homeless-looking sort of place .
but one little white blossom of pure affection bloomed in the arid desert of Tommy 's existence for all that .
the new family were thrifty , industrious folks , although they were very poor .
Muslin curtains appeared in the windows , and rows of cans , with blossoming plants , adorned the sills .
from that moment Tommy was her devoted slave .
nobody had ever spoken like that to him before ; nobody had ever smiled so at him .
but they soon stopped it .
but Tommy was as good as a dozen playmates , and Bessie thought him the best boy in the world .
Tommy found Bessie sitting by the kitchen window , looking dreamily out of it .
for just a moment Tommy thought uneasily that Bessie was looking very pale and thin this spring .
Bessie wanted to know .
but Tommy only winked mysteriously .
Just before they reached the store he made her shut her eyes and led her to the window .
Bessie looked and Tommy was rewarded .
she flushed pinkly with delight and clasped her hands in ecstasy .
but it 's enough just to look at her .
Bessie talked about the blue-silk doll all the way home and dreamed of her every night .
after that she went up to see Roselle Geraldine every day , gazing at her for long moments in silent rapture .
Tommy almost grew jealous of her ; he thought Bessie liked the doll better than she did him .
sometimes , though , Tommy felt uneasy .
it was plain to be seen that Bessie had set her heart on that doll .
what Tommy feared came to pass .
a minute later Tommy came out looking sober .
Bessie cried quietly all the way home , and Tommy could not comfort her .
he wished he had never shown her the doll in the window .
from that day Bessie drooped , and Tommy watched her in agony .
she grew paler and thinner .
she never spoke about Roselle Geraldine , but Tommy knew she was fretting about her .
Mrs Knox could not think what ailed the child .
Tommy heard this , and a queer , big lump came up in his throat .
he had a horrible fear that he , Tommy Puffer , was going to cry .
Tommy knew Miss Octavia was away .
Octavia 's flowers will be nipped as sure as anything .
Mrs Jenkins and Mrs Reid moved away , leaving Tommy by the paling .
Tommy thought he ought to be glad , but he wasn't .
Tommy had a queer , passionate love for flowers in his twisted little soul .
Tommy could never have put this thought into words , but it was there in his heart .
he wished he could save the flowers .
newspapers spread over the beds and tied around the dahlias would save them , Tommy knew .
and he knew there was a big box of newspapers in a little shed in her backyard .
Tommy hurried home as quickly as he could and got a ball of twine out of his few treasures .
then he went back to Miss Octavia 's garden .
the next forenoon Miss Octavia got off the train at the Arundel station with a very grim face .
there had been an unusually severe frost for the time of year .
all along the road Miss Octavia had seen gardens frosted and spoiled .
but she didn't .
Miss Octavia flew into her garden with a radiant face .
but who could have done it ?
Miss Octavia was puzzled .
but to Miss Matheson Miss Octavia went .
miss Matheson nodded .
I saw him working away there with papers and twine .
Tommy came reluctantly .
but Miss Octavia soon informed him without loss of words .
I 'm very much obliged to you indeed .
Tommy stared at Miss Octavia with a sudden hopeful inspiration .
then Tommy told Miss Octavia the whole story .
Miss Octavia listened silently , sometimes nodding her head .
when a week had passed , Miss Octavia again called Tommy in ; Tommy went more willingly this time .
he had begun to like Miss Octavia .
he asked me to recommend him one , and I promised to look out for a suitable boy .
would you like the place , Tommy ?
he wondered if he were simply having a beautiful dream .
but it was no dream .
and it was all arranged later on .
no one rejoiced more heartily in Tommy 's success than Bessie .
then was Tommy 's cup of happiness full .
as a rule , Charlotte liked the company of the other orphans and was a favourite with them .
but , somehow , she did not want them to know about the gaps .
she was sure they would not understand .
Charlotte had discovered the gaps only a week before .
at least Charlotte thought so and wished at once that she knew how to make them laugh .
and yet here it had been all the time , divided from her only by a high board fence .
oh , I do wish I could go and walk in it .
Charlotte instantly named her the Tall Lady with the Black Eyes .
I 'd like her for an aunt , reflected Charlotte .
I know she 'd make a splendid aunt .
the Tall Lady 's cat was so big and furry , with a splendid tail and elegant stripes .
Charlotte 's fingers tingled to stroke his glossy coat , but she folded them sternly together .
but , somehow , games had lost their flavour compared with those fascinating gaps .
it was all part and parcel with being an orphan in an asylum .
an adoption was always a wonderful event in the asylum , as well as a somewhat rare one .
Charlotte sighed .
Charlotte shook her head .
it 's better to be yourself with mousy hair and freckles than somebody else who is ever so beautiful .
Charlotte was feeling rather frightened down in her heart but she smiled bravely back .
Charlotte opened her big eyes very widely .
I 've always loved little girls with mouse-coloured hair and freckles ever since .
well , I must hurry along .
I 'm late now , and schools have a dreadful habit of going in sharp on time .
of course Charlotte was at the gap the next day and they had a lovely talk .
in a week they were the best of friends .
then another wonderful thing happened .
I just wanted to pat him .
I live in mortal dread for fear it will be closed anyhow .
the Tall Lady laughed a very jolly laugh .
I had a sister living with me once .
but I don't want to talk about her .
Lily Mitchell has a big sister who was sent to jail for stealing .
the Tall Lady laughed a little bitterly .
I told her I 'd never forgive her and I never shall .
I dare say she doesn't find it very pleasant .
she wasn't brought up to that .
I made it on purpose for you .
eat it and tell me if you don't think I 'm a good cook .
I 'm dying for a compliment .
I never get any now that I 've got old .
oh , I 'm so glad her little girl had mouse-coloured hair .
then the most wonderful thing of all happened .
Charlotte looked at her .
I want you for my little girl , and if you 'd like to come , you shall .
Charlotte obeyed the summons to the matron 's room in a tingle of excitement .
but when she went in , she saw only the matron and the Tall Lady with the Black Eyes .
Charlotte 's head fairly whirled .
she clasped her hands and the tears brimmed up in her eyes .
and just then the maid showed in the Pretty Lady .
Charlotte flew to her and flung her arms about her .
I don't want to hurt the Tall Lady 's feelings because I truly do like her so very much .
the Pretty Lady had given one glance at the Tall Lady and flushed red .
the Tall Lady , on the contrary , had grown very pale .
the matron felt uncomfortable .
Mrs Bond turned to the matron .
no other child will suit me at all .
and may I ask what you intend to keep her on ?
the Tall Lady shrugged her shoulders .
well , child , what do you say ?
which of us will you come with ?
no , Anna , I 've got to have Charlotte .
you just come back home and we 'll let bygones be bygones .
the Pretty Lady softened , trembled , smiled .
she went right up to the Tall Lady and put her arms about her neck .
wait till we get home .
I may have some crying to do myself then .
Charlotte , go and get your hat and come right over with us .
Jimmy was ten , and at ten it is easy to be confident .
yes , the twins knew it and , cheered by Jimmy 's superior wisdom , their doubts passed away .
they failed three years ago , before Father died , but Santa Claus came all the same .
of course he 'll come , so don't you worry a mite .
and he 'll bring my skates and your dolls .
I wish you wouldn't .
won't that be elegant ?
only please don't kill anybody .
she may be very late , for she would have to wait to see Mr Porter .
besides , you don't know what time Santa Claus might come if he comes at all .
this argument was too much for Jimmy .
but we have to hang up our stockings first .
you couldn't think anything more unlike the real Theodora .
at seven Mrs Martins bells jingled at the door and Theodora flew out .
there was a note of discouragement in her voice that struck dismay to Theodora 's heart .
it was such a rare thing to see her plucky , resolute little aunt in tears .
but the thought of the children 's disappointment tomorrow is more than I can bear .
well , it 's weak and foolish to give way like this .
we 'd better both take a cup of tea and go to bed .
when Theodora went up to her little room her face was very thoughtful .
she took a small box from her table and carried it to the window .
in it was a very pretty little gold locket hung on a narrow blue ribbon .
Theodora held it tenderly in her fingers , and looked out over the moonlit prairie with a very sober face .
could she give up her dear locket the locket Donald had given her just before he started for the Klondike ?
she had never thought she could do such a thing .
then he had gone away .
for two years letters had come from him regularly .
after that was silence , deepening into anguish of suspense that finally ended in hopelessness .
none had returned from the expedition he had joined .
hence her locket was doubly dear to her .
but Aunt Elizabeth had always been so good and loving and kind to her .
Theodora flung up her head with a gesture that meant decision .
besides , Aunt Elizabeth must not know until it was done .
as stealthily as if she were bound on some nefarious errand , Theodora slipped downstairs and out of the house .
the trail from Red Butte to Spencer was a lonely one .
Mr Lurgan 's house , halfway to town , was the only dwelling on it .
when Theodora reached Spencer she made her way at once to the only jewellery store the little town contained .
suppose he wouldn't buy it .
then there would be no Christmas for the children at Red Butte .
Mr Benson pursed up his lips , took up the locket , and examined it .
Theodora beguiled her lonely tramp by picturing the children 's joy in the morning .
about a quarter of a mile past Mr Lurgan 's house the trail curved suddenly about a bluff of poplars .
she ran back at full speed to Mr Lurgan 's , and roused the household .
the joy that reigned in the little log house the next day more than repaid Theodora for her sacrifice .
the twins hugged their dolls in silent rapture , but Aunt Elizabeth 's face was the best of all .
then the dinner had to be prepared , and everybody had a hand in that .
there was something oddly familiar in those merry brown eyes .
and then she was in the big fellow 's arms , laughing and crying at the same time .
Donald it was indeed .
so I came on horseback .
Just by that bluff something frightened my horse , and he shied violently .
I was half asleep and thinking of my little sister , and I went off like a shot .
I suppose I struck my head against a tree .
I can't realize that you are the little sister I left four years ago .
then at last , just as we were about giving up in despair , we struck it rich .
I asked with assumed sarcasm , just to make Kate 's big , bonny black eyes flash .
so , little cousin , I forgive you .
oh , if you 'd only come to visit me last fall .
we had such a bee-yew-tiful September last year .
we were drowned in sunshine .
this fall we 're drowned in water .
I was sitting rather disconsolately by an upper window of Uncle Kenneth Morrison 's log house at Arrow Creek .
I feel like chanting continually that old rhyme I learned in the first primer ,
Philippa , dear girl , don't look so dismal .
it 's only that this weather is getting on my nerves a bit .
I 'm fit for treasons , stratagems , and spoils .
I had come from Ontario , the first of September , to visit Uncle Kenneth Morrison 's family .
I had been looking forward to the trip for several years .
a wet September in Saskatchewan is no joke , however .
the trails soon became nearly impassable .
yet I was not lonesome , and I enjoyed my visit in spite of everything .
Kate was a host in herself .
the only fault I had to find with her was her tendency to make parodies .
Kate 's parodies were perfectly awful and always got on my nerves .
she was dreadfully ashamed of the way the Saskatchewan weather was behaving after all her boasting .
she was thin at the best of times , but now she grew positively scraggy with the worry of it .
aunt Jennie was always a placid little soul , with a most enviable knack of taking everything easy .
we 'll borrow Jim Nash 's father 's democrat , and take the ponies .
we 'll put on old clothes , raincoats , rubber caps and boots , and we 'll start tomorrow .
it was rather funny to listen to the ensuing dialogue .
it 's a crazy idea !
it will be quite different with us , you must remember .
we 'll be cased in rubber .
and we 'll borrow a good tight tent from the M.P.s .
besides , I 'm sure it 's not going to rain much more .
we 'll hit the trail tomorrow at sunrise .
I flew upstairs to pack some finery .
I was wild with delight over the proposed outing .
I would not miss the laughter-provoking memories of that trip out of my life for anything .
I have always been glad I went .
we left at sunrise the next morning ; there was a sunrise that morning , for a wonder .
Kate and I were properly accoutred for our trip and looked but I try to forget how we looked !
the memory is not flattering .
we drove off in the gayest of spirits .
so please be nice , even if it comes hard , and lend us some things .
I 'll come back and haunt you , if you don't lend me a tent .
the sergeant gave us the tent and stove , and sent a man down to the Reserve for Peter Crow .
it was ten when we finally got away from the M.P . outpost .
Kate , however , was as blithe and buoyant as usual .
for the next three hours , however , we got on beautifully .
that snore reassured me greatly .
I had never thought of Indians as snoring .
surely one who did couldn't be dreaded greatly .
we did not get on so well in the afternoon .
the trail descended into low-lying ground where travelling was very difficult .
I had to admit old Peter Crow was quite invaluable .
the ground seems pretty dry too .
Kate told him this .
then he carried out our orders at his own sweet leisure .
Kate and I had a hilarious time cooking that supper .
in a few minutes we were sound asleep and never wakened until seven o'clock .
when we arose and lifted the flap of the tent we saw a peculiar sight .
I went for the ham but could not find it .
Kate ceased wrestling with the fire and came to help in the search for the missing delicacy .
the tent was fastened securely over everything .
that question was unanswerable , as Kate discovered after another thorough search .
they hadn't , and we soon produced a very tolerable breakfast .
but neither of us had much appetite .
I asked .
they 've probably strayed away on their own account when Peter decamped .
as soon as this mist lifts I 'll have a look for them .
Kate caught them and harnessed them .
I asked mildly .
I asked .
Kate laughed .
come , help me to break camp .
I inquired dubiously .
I know the trail , and we 'll just have to drive around the wet places .
we 're going to have a glorious day .
there 's a subject for a poem , Phil .
you write one when we get back to civilization .
sang Kate , loosening the tent ropes .
altogether , we got a great deal more fun out of that ham than if we had eaten it .
as Kate had predicted , the day was glorious .
the mists rolled away and the sun shone brightly .
but with all our driving we were not getting on very fast .
the country was exceedingly swampy and we had to make innumerable detours .
my very thoughts are tired .
I can't even think anything funny about the ham .
there they were , right around the bluff .
look at that awful old squaw with only one eye .
they 'd steal everything we 've got left , Kate .
but I don't believe they will .
I believe they have plenty of food Indians in tepees mostly have .
the men hunt , you know .
their looks are probably the worst of them .
anyhow , you can't judge Indians by appearances .
Peter Crow looked respectable and he was a whited sepulchre .
I cheerfully ate my words later on .
never were appearances more deceptive than in the case of those Stoneys .
there is an old saying that many a kind heart beats behind a ragged coat .
but the shirts were certainly ragged enough , and their hearts were kind .
those Indians were gentlemen .
they would have cooked our supper for us if we had allowed it .
their hearts were pure gold , but their hands !
no , Kate and I dragged ourselves up and cooked our own suppers .
in the morning the Indians broke camp for us and harnessed our shaganappies .
we never saw any of them again .
we got on fairly well that third day , and made about fifteen miles before dinner time .
we ate three of the sergeant 's prairie chickens for dinner , and enjoyed them .
our real troubles began that afternoon .
we pulled through six of them but in the seventh we stuck , hard and fast .
I said , becoming horribly frightened all at once .
it seemed to me that our predicament was a dreadful one .
she calmly took off her shoes and stockings , tucked up her skirt , and waded to the horses ' heads .
I resolved that I would not ask that question again in that tone in that scrape .
I would be cheerful and courageous like Kate splendid Kate !
I asked .
for that matter , I don't believe there were any tepees .
sit in the wagon and keep dry .
eat something if you get hungry .
then I waited .
I was tired and frightened horribly frightened .
I sat there and imagined scores of gruesome possibilities .
it was no use telling myself to be brave .
I couldn't be brave .
it did begin to rain , the only one of my suppositions which came true .
I hoisted an umbrella and sat there grimly , in that horseless wagon in the mud-hole .
the worst feature of it all was the uncertainty .
but everything was doubtful .
Shouts calls laughter Kate 's dear voice in an encouraging cry from the hill behind me !
hold the fort a few minutes longer .
here we are .
I could have cried with joy .
but I saw that there were men with Kate two men white men and I laughed instead .
later on Kate told me how she had fared in her search for assistance .
I decided to turn off and investigate .
I rode two miles and finally I came to a little log shack .
there was a bee-yew-tiful big horse in a corral close by .
my heart jumped with joy .
in a few minutes everything was explained .
accordingly we drove back to the shack , attended by our two gallant deliverers on white horses .
he didn't look in the least like a scion of aristocracy .
he wore a cowboy rig and had a scrubby beard of a week 's growth .
but he was very jolly and played the violin beautifully .
he must have been glad Kate and I stayed only one night .
the fourth morning found us blithely hitting the trail in renewed confidence and spirits .
we parted from our kind friends in the shack with mutual regret .
Mr Hopkins gave us a haunch of jumping deer and Mrs Hopkins gave us a box of home-made cookies .
the fourth day we got on so nicely that it was quite monotonous .
the sun shone , the chinook blew , our ponies trotted over the trail gallantly .
Kate and I sang , told stories , and laughed immoderately over everything .
even a poor joke seems to have a subtle flavour on the prairie .
Kate again removed her shoes and stockings and puddled about that creek until she found a safe fording place .
I said , between spasms .
Kate grinned .
what Mr Nash would call my pedal extremities are simply being devoured by the brutes .
I believe the bottom of this creek is all soft mud .
in a few minutes we were past the creek and bowling merrily on our way .
we boiled some slices of our jumping deer and ate them in the open around a cheery camp-fire .
once in the night I wakened .
it was very dark .
the unearthly stillness of a great prairie was all around me .
I said mentally .
yet you 're not even frightened .
and right to sleep again I went .
our fifth day began ominously .
we had made an early start and had driven about six miles when the calamity occurred .
Kate turned a corner too sharply , to avoid a big boulder ; there was a heart-breaking sound .
we looked at each other blankly .
when Kate felt helpless I thought things must be desperate indeed .
we got out and investigated the damage .
I cried .
the rope was found and we set to work .
she 's a lovely person , and her husband is a very nice man .
we soon arrived at the Brewster place .
it was a trim , white-washed little log house in a grove of poplars .
evidently the Brewsters were not at home .
but the barn was locked too .
it was now dark and our plight was rather desperate .
fortunately we did not have to go to the length of breaking into Hannah 's house .
the kitchen window went up quite easily .
we turned the shaganappies loose to forage for themselves , grass and water being abundant .
before long we had supper ready and we did full justice to the absent Hannah 's excellent cheer .
I shall never be sufficiently thankful that we did so .
Kate piloted me upstairs to the spare room .
they must have prospered , to be able to afford such furniture as this .
well , turn in , Phil .
I never wakened up so thoroughly in my life before .
he was a big , grey-haired man with a bushy black beard and an angry scowl .
she looked even crosser and more amazed than the man , if that were possible .
I knew something must be wrong fearfully wrong but I didn't know what .
Kate raised herself on one elbow .
she looked very wild .
I heard the old black-and-white lady in the background chuckle to herself .
we bought it from the Brewsters in the spring .
they moved over to Black River Forks .
Poor Kate fell back on the pillow , quite overcome .
Mrs Brewster is a friend of mine .
my cousin and I are on our way to Bothwell and we called here to spend the night with Hannah .
if they had been nice to us , Kate would probably have gone on feeling confused and ashamed .
but when they were so disagreeable she quickly regained her self-possession .
no strangers shall be charged for food or lodging in any house where Mrs Matilda Pitman lives .
when we descended the stairs we found a smoking-hot breakfast on the table .
Mr Chapman was nowhere to be seen , and Mrs Chapman was cutting bread with a sulky air .
Mrs Matilda Pitman was sitting in an armchair , knitting .
she still wore her bonnet and her triumphant expression .
and it 's time we were on the trail .
Mrs Matilda Pitman shook a knitting needle playfully at Kate .
we did obey her .
when we had finished Mrs Matilda Pitman rolled up her knitting .
I never saw Kate so thoroughly cowed .
I made Robert catch your ponies and harness them .
and I made him fix that broken tongue properly .
I enjoy making Robert do things .
it 's almost the only sport I have left .
we got away .
the sulky Amelia had vanished , and there was nobody to see us off except Mrs Matilda Pitman .
if I was ten years younger I vow I 'd pack a grip and go along with you .
I like your spunk .
most of the girls nowadays is such timid , skeery critters .
then Kate laid down the reins and laughed until the tears came .
we had no further adventures that day .
but when we pitched camp that night Kate scanned the sky with an anxious expression .
we had .
when we awakened in the morning rain was pouring down .
the day was very cold too , but fortunately there was plenty of dead poplar right by our camp .
but it was a long dreary day .
I asked .
then she produced some red and white high-bush cranberries for men .
a cranberry split in two was a king .
we played nine games of checkers by the light of our smoky lantern .
our enjoyment of the game was heightened by the fact that it had ceased raining .
but it did .
as Kate said , it seemed like magic .
the yellow prairie laughed and glistened in the sun .
we were in jubilant spirits .
if the next day were fine and nothing dreadful happened to us , we would reach Bothwell before night .
but our ill luck was not yet at an end .
the next morning was beautiful .
but we sat moodily before our tent , not even having sufficient heart to play checkers .
Kate could not tell what was the matter .
Wait we did , with all the patience we could command .
we went to bed gloomily , but joy came with the morning .
but I think we were crazy to attempt it , as Sergeant Baker said .
Kate 's bones proved true prophets .
nevertheless , that day was a weary one .
there was no scenery .
we just crawled along .
he was so much disgusted over being compelled to walk that he was very fractious .
there is little more to be told .
curious sights are frequent in prairie towns , so we did not attract much attention .
when we drew up before Mr Taylor 's house Mary Taylor flew out and embraced Kate publicly .
when the vegetable-man knocked , Jessamine went to the door wearily .
she felt quite well acquainted with him .
this one was considerably younger .
Jessamine shook her head .
he fell off a loft out at his place yesterday and broke his leg .
I 'll bring them in .
Mr Bell , junior , saw it .
in an instant the honeysuckle was unpinned and handed to her .
I wish I was back .
I can't get over being homesick .
this honeysuckle seems to bring it right back .
but I don't know what makes me tell you this .
her eyes had a real hungry look in them over that honeysuckle .
Jessamine felt more like crying than ever when she went back to her work .
her head ached and she was very tired .
the tiny kitchen was hot and stifling .
Jessamine Stacy had always lived in the country .
of her stylish sister-in-law Jessamine was absolutely in awe .
at first Mrs John was by no means pleased at the necessity of taking a country sister into her family circle .
indeed , she found it so convenient that Eliza never had a successor .
Jessamine found herself in the position of maid-of-all-work and kitchen drudge for board and clothes .
Mrs John was exacting and querulous .
John was absorbed in his business worries and had no time to waste on his sister .
now , when the summer had come , her homesickness was almost unbearable .
the next day Mr Bell came he handed her a big bunch of sweet-brier roses .
the country roads are pink with them now .
why don't you get your husband to bring you out for a drive some day ?
Mr Bell gave a prolonged whistle .
I thought you were Mrs Something-or-other for sure .
my brother 's wife is the mistress here .
she laughed again .
she was holding the roses against her face , and her eyes sparkled over them roguishly .
the vegetable-man looked at her admiringly .
I live out at Pine Pastures .
we 're all Bells out there can't throw a stone without hitting one .
they were great friends by this time .
True , she knew little about him but she felt instinctively that he was manly and kind-hearted .
one day when he came Jessamine met him almost gleefully .
well , I 'll tell you what to do .
yes , I 'll be ready .
you might as well coop up a lark in a hen-house and expect it to thrive and sing .
Jessamine laughed and obeyed .
Jessamine opened her eyes with a little cry .
along the roadsides grew sheets of feathery ferns .
above the sky was gloriously blue .
the air was sweet with the wild woodsy smell of the forest .
Jessamine lifted and clasped her hands in rapture .
there isn't a finer place in the county .
look at those great fields .
Mr Bell lifted her from the wagon and marched her up a flowery garden path .
here , Aunt , this is the young lady I spoke of .
Miss Bell was a pleasant-faced woman with silver hair and kind blue eyes .
she took Jessamine 's hand in a friendly fashion .
there are so many things I want to do .
Mr Bell laughed .
they 're something worth seeing .
come , Aunt .
he led the way down the lane , the two women following together .
Jessamine thought she must be in a pleasant dream .
the whole afternoon was a feast of delight to her starved heart .
when sunset came she sat down , tired out , but radiant , on the porch steps .
her hat had slipped back and her hair was curling around her face .
her dark eyes were aglow ; the roses still bloomed in her cheeks .
Mr Bell looked at her admiringly .
the farmer looked sideways at his companion .
and why can't she have it ?
how could she go back to her cage again ?
Jessamine missed him greatly .
but one day his nephew suddenly reappeared .
Harvest was on and I couldn't get clear before .
I 've come to ask you when you intend to take another drive to Cloverside Farm .
what have you been up to ?
I 'm glad you came today , Mr Bell .
I want you at Cloverside Farm .
I came today on purpose to ask you .
I love you and I 'll make you happy if you 'll marry me .
you shall have a happy home , little girl .
Mrs John fumed and sulked and chose to consider herself hoodwinked and injured .
and she never was .
Miss Sally 's Letter
Willard continued to look very innocent .
Joyce got up abruptly and went out of the room .
there are no Edens on earth .
Miss Sally looked at him suspiciously .
I don't know much about such things and you know everything .
Miss Sally looked as pleased as she ever allowed herself to look over anything a man suggested .
instantly Eden assumed importance in her eyes .
Miss Sally could speak very graciously when she chose , even to men .
you would not have thought she hated them , but she did .
or , she had tried to do so .
Miss Sally did not distrust Willard on his own account .
she merely distrusted him on principle and on Joyce 's account .
nevertheless , she was rather nice to him .
Willard had come a great deal to Miss Sally 's .
if it were Joyce he were after Miss Sally blocked his schemes with much enjoyment .
but now all danger was removed , Miss Sally thought .
he was going to be married to somebody else , and Joyce was safe .
there was just the merest tremor in her voice .
Miss Sally looked at her sharply .
they are all ready to break a trusting woman 's heart for the sport of it .
never you allow any man the chance to break yours , Joyce .
but girls are such fools .
Joyce loved Miss Sally with her whole heart .
there never was a more lovable creature than this pretty little old maid who hated the men so bitterly .
Miss Sally sniffed and tripped out of the room to hunt up a furniture catalogue .
Joyce sighed and let her embroidery slip to the floor .
I wonder what makes her so bitter against men .
oh , what will she say when she finds out dear little Aunt Sally ?
the next day Willard came up from the harbour and took Miss Sally down to see Eden .
but it is all I can afford just now .
I dream of giving her a palace some day , of course .
but we 'll have to begin humbly .
Miss Sally was busily engaged in sizing up the possibilities of the place .
they must be thinned out and that paling taken down .
I think a good deal can be done with it .
Willard unlocked the door and showed Miss Sally over the place .
paint and paper will work wonders .
but I wouldn't paint it outside .
oh , we 'll see what we can do .
you won't want anything stuffy .
you can do the painting yourself , and I 'll help you hang the paper .
Willard named the sum .
it was not a large one .
I enjoy that sort of thing .
this will be a game , and we 'll play it with a right good will .
she carefully gathered up her grey silken skirts from the dusty floor and walked out .
and I wanted to help .
perhaps you do .
this was a great admission for Miss Sally to make .
for the next two months Miss Sally was happy .
Even Willard himself was not more keenly interested in Eden and its development .
Miss Sally did wonders with his money .
she was an expert at bargain hunting , and her taste was excellent .
a score of times she mercilessly nipped Willard 's suggestions in the bud .
they would be horribly out of place in such a house .
Willard did the painting under Miss Sally 's watchful eye , and they hung the paper together .
moreover , in spite of herself , she felt a growing interest in Willard 's bride .
but he talked of her a great deal , in a shy , reverent , tender way .
anyway , she will have a dear little home .
I 've almost come to love that Eden house .
the finer qualities of his character come out in these simple , homely little doings and tasks .
oh , I suppose he 'll make a good husband , as husbands go .
but he doesn't know the first thing about managing .
if his wife isn't a good manager , I don't know what they 'll do .
and perhaps she won't like the way we 've done up Eden .
Willard says she will , of course , because he thinks her perfection .
it will break my heart if she sets to work altering Eden .
in another week Eden was finished .
Miss Sally stood in the tiny hall and looked about her .
I have enjoyed fixing it up tremendously , and now I feel that my occupation is gone .
I am delighted .
I knew you could accomplish wonders , but I never hoped for this .
Eden is a dream the dearest , quaintest , sweetest little home that ever waited for a bride .
his face was flushed and his voice trembled a little .
there was a far-away shining look in his eyes as if he saw a vision .
the flush went out of Willard 's face , leaving it pale and determined .
he came close to her and caught her hands in a boyish grip .
please do , Miss Sally .
I love her so truly and I know I can make her happy .
if you don't , Eden shall never have a mistress .
Miss Sally looked wistfully around her .
through the front door she saw the trim , velvet-swarded little lawn .
Upstairs were two white rooms that only wanted a woman 's living presence to make them jewels .
it gave Miss Sally a pang to think of that altar fire never being lighted .
it was really the thought of the kitchen that finished Miss Sally .
Joyce won't hanker after pink rugs and lace curtains .
and her taste in china is the same as mine .
in one way it 's a great relief to my mind .
I have a very good reason for it .
a man broke my heart and embittered my life .
Miss Sally sat down on the second step of the stairs and tucked her wet handkerchief away .
she clasped her slender white hands over her knee .
in spite of her silvery hair and the little lines on her face she looked girlish and youthful .
he was very handsome and I thought him but there , I won't go into that .
it vexes me to recall my folly .
he made me love him .
he deliberately set himself to win my love .
for a whole summer he flirted with me .
oh , I was such a little fool and so happy .
then he went away .
well , I 've failed .
Miss Sally coloured .
never mind forget it and him .
he was not worthy of remembrance and yet I do remember him .
it is humiliating .
there let us lock up Eden and go home .
Willard did not appear to be at all impatient .
he had relapsed into a brown study , during which he let Miss Sally lock up the house .
then he walked silently home with her .
Miss Sally was silent too .
Willard stayed with Joyce so brief a time that Miss Sally viewed his departure with suspicion .
this was not very lover-like conduct .
but there there isn't a single inharmonious thing in his house that is one comfort .
he did not return until three days later , when he appeared at Miss Sally 's , dusty and triumphant .
I have something to show you .
from his pocketbook Willard drew something folded and creased and yellow that looked like a letter .
he opened it carefully and , holding it in his fingers , looked over it at Miss Sally .
Miss Sally turned very pale .
she passed her cobwebby handkerchief across her lips and her hand trembled .
Willard went on .
he and his sister Jean lived together until her late marriage .
I was not very fond of my grandmother .
in looking over a box of old papers I found a letter an old love letter .
he dropped the letter in Miss Sally 's lap and went away .
pale , Miss Sally picked it up and read it .
would she be his wife ?
if she would , let her write and tell him so .
it means everything to me .
you have taken away my humiliation and restored to me my pride of womanhood .
nothing else matters to me at all now .
she rose and took their hands in hers , joining them .
the boat got into Broughton half an hour after the train had gone .
I am ashamed of the things I thought and said .
out of gratitude I have never sworn over missing connections since .
at the time , however , I felt thoroughly exasperated .
I was in a hurry to get on .
important business engagements would be unhinged by the delay .
I was a stranger in Broughton .
it looked like a stupid , stuffy little town .
I had never been overly fond of Clark Oliver , although he was my cousin .
moreover , he was in politics , and I detest politics .
I thought that was a good omen .
I went to Clark 's office , found he had left , and followed him to his rooms .
he was so absurdly like me .
Clark pretended he was glad to see me .
I described Mary Alice 's wedding , and Florence 's new young man , and Tom-and-Kate 's twins .
Clark tried to be interested but I saw he had something on what serves him for a mind .
he looked at his watch with a frown .
you don't know them , of course .
they 're the big people of Broughton .
but it would leave a vacant place .
I 've met her once .
I want to meet her again .
she 's a beauty and no mistake .
however , I think I 've made an impression on her .
it was at the Harvey 's dance last week .
she was the handsomest woman there , and she never took her eyes off me .
I asked , squiffily .
I never could endure the way Clark talked about girls and hinted at his conquests .
Herbert Bronson came to town this afternoon and is leaving on the @time@ to-night .
I simply must go .
it 's my one chance to corral Bronson .
it is always rather nice to be able to pity a person you dislike .
I can't make up my mind what to do .
I 'll have to see Bronson .
there 's no question about that .
a man ought to keep an understood substitute on hand to send to dinners when he can't go .
Clark 's Great Idea had arrived .
he bounced up eagerly .
they 'll never know the difference .
the resemblance between us was foreordained for this hour .
I offer you a good dinner and an agreeable partner .
come now , to oblige me .
the Mulhenen business clinched the matter .
it is beastly to be indebted for a favor to a man you detest .
now was my chance to pay it off and I took it without more ado .
keep your mouth shut when you can and talk generalities when you can't , and you 'll pass .
nobody will suspect you .
nobody here knows I have a cousin so like me .
our own mothers haven't always been able to tell us apart .
our very voices are alike .
there seemed to be a number of things that Mrs Kennedy did not like .
however , I dressed as expeditiously as possible .
I always liked doing unusual things .
it couldn't do any harm .
I actually felt a grudge against them for their excellent fit .
Mrs Kennedy has a weakness for beer mugs .
her collection is considered very fine .
I said sharply .
that 's the girl I mentioned .
you 'll probably take her in .
be nice to her even if you have to make an effort .
the name had given me a jump .
once , in another world , I had known a Jane Harvey .
but Clark 's Miss Harvey couldn't be Jane .
a month before I had read a newspaper item to the effect that Jane was on the Pacific coast .
I didn't think two years could have worked such a transformation .
was it only two years ?
it seemed more like two centuries .
I just missed being late by a hairbreadth .
the house was a big one , and everybody pertaining to it was big , except the host .
Mark Kennedy was a little , thin man with a bald head .
Mrs Kennedy greeted me cordially and told me significantly that she had granted my request .
this meant , as my card had already informed me , that I was to take Miss Harvey out .
of course there would be no introduction since Clark Oliver was already acquainted with the lady .
Jane was over in a corner looking at me .
there was no time to collect my wits .
the guests were moving out to the dining-room .
the hall was a good long one ; I blessed the architect who had planned it .
it gave me time to sort out my ideas .
Jane but it was incredible !
the whole thing was a dream or I had gone crazy !
I looked at her sideways when we had got into our places at the table .
settlement work in a beautiful woman generally means crowsfeet or a broken heart .
Jane , according to my sight and belief , possessed neither .
once upon a time I had been engaged to Jane .
I had never been able to get over loving Jane .
what should I do ?
confess the truth and plead my cause while she had to sit beside me ?
that would never do .
someone might overhear us .
she would be certain to disapprove strongly .
it was a maddening situation .
oh , Jane , that was the most unkindest cut of all .
he said enough for me to guess the rest .
he never told me the lady 's name .
he won't listen to a word against her .
Elliott never went into details .
as for me , I didn't pretend to eat .
I simply pecked .
she forbade him ever to cross her path again .
I 'm sorry for Elliott .
it was my turn to ask questions now , but my heart thumped so that I could hardly speak .
she didn't mean to flirt at all and she never cared for anyone but him .
but his jealousy irritated her .
I suppose she said things to him she didn't really mean .
considering what was at stake , I think I asked the question very well .
so the settlement story was true .
oh , Jane !
I asked .
Jane selected and ate an olive with maddening deliberation .
I had the satisfaction of startling Jane at last .
she turned her head and looked at me .
I got a good , square , satisfying gaze into her big , blackish-blue eyes .
I left him in my rooms when I came away .
doubtless to-morrow will see him speeding recklessly to his dear divinity .
you may tell him I 'm staying with the Duncan Moores , and shall be leaving day after to-morrow .
Clark Oliver couldn't come to our wedding or wouldn't .
Robert Turner 's Revenge
he would just about have time to make the round before the early country supper hour .
he swung with a businesslike stride into the Cove road .
but that was all .
he had no difficulty in picking out the old familiar spots .
there was the big cherry orchard on the Milligan place which had been so famous in his boyhood .
his springtime had long gone by .
presently the homesteads and orchard lands grew fewer and then ceased altogether .
the fields were long and low-lying , sloping down to the misty blue rim of sea .
they were grey and faded , lacking the prosperous appearance that had characterized them once .
there was an air of failure about the whole place as if the very land had become disheartened and discouraged .
the big Cove farm had been one of the best in Chiswick then .
Robert had made a compact with himself that some day he would pay Neil Jameson back .
he might have been dead for anything Robert Turner knew .
inquiry revealed the fact that Neil Jameson was dead and that the farm was run by his widow .
Turner felt a pang of disappointment .
what satisfaction was there in wreaking revenge on a dead man ?
but at least his wife and children should suffer .
his lawyers reported that Mrs Jameson was two years behind with her interest .
Turner instructed them to foreclose the mortgage promptly .
he smiled one of his occasional grim smiles over it .
when Robert Turner smiled , weather prophets of the business sky foretold squalls .
presently he opened the gate and went through .
the lad lifted his eyes and looked Turner over with a clear , direct gaze .
the boy nodded a quick little nod .
somehow , Turner had expected that nod and the glimmer of a smile that accompanied it .
the boy held it out ; it was an old Robinson Crusoe , that classic of boyhood .
the name was a shock to Turner .
why , yes , he had Neil 's mouth .
what business had a Jameson with those blue eyes and silvery-golden curls ?
it was flagrant forgery on Nature 's part to fashion such things and label them Jameson by a mouth .
Turner said abruptly .
Paul nodded .
he has been dead for eight years .
the other four are dead .
they died long ago .
oh , I do so wish I was bigger and older !
if I was I could do something to save the place I 'm sure I could .
mother has tried so hard to make the farm pay but she couldn't .
if they would only wait a few years !
but there is no use hoping for that .
mother cries all the time about it .
Turner smiled another grim smile .
oh , Neil Jameson , your old score was being paid now !
yet something embittered the sweetness of revenge .
Turner started again .
he might have known it .
what woman in all the world save Lisbeth Miller could have given her son those eyes and curls ?
so Lisbeth had married Neil Jameson little Lisbeth Miller , his schoolboy sweetheart .
he had forgotten her or thought he had ; certainly he had not thought of her for years .
but the memory of her came back now with a rush .
the old Miller place had adjoined his uncle 's farm .
Lisbeth and he had played together from babyhood .
nothing of success that he had won since had ever thrilled him as that admission of little Lisbeth 's !
she had always assured him that she knew he would succeed .
Lisbeth had been away from home on a long visit to an aunt when he had left Chiswick .
she was growing up and the childish intimacy was fading .
and she was Neil Jameson 's widow !
finally Robert Turner roused himself from his reverie .
the name spoiled her for him , just as the Jameson mouth spoiled her son for him .
the mortgage will not be foreclosed .
you and she shall have all the time you want .
I think she will remember and understand .
she 'll be so happy so grateful .
I haven't time .
give her my message , that 's all .
Turner watched the boy as he bounded away , until the headland hid him from sight .
there never was a sweeter girl .
I 'm glad I didn't go with the boy to see her .
she 's an old woman now and Neil Jameson 's widow .
his tone brought the blood into Ellis Duncan 's face .
Timothy Robinson smiled grimly .
it was very true that he was far from being noted for charity .
but this was not true .
and I am not asking you for work on the ground of our relationship .
again Ellis flushed deeply and again he controlled himself .
you 're the wrong man 's son for that .
I did try to help him once , and all I got was loss and ingratitude .
I want none of his kind around my place .
Ellis took himself off , his ears tingling .
as he walked homeward his thoughts were very bitter .
Sam Duncan and Timothy Robinson had been half-brothers .
never were two lads more dissimilar .
everything he possessed went to Timothy .
Sam immediately left .
he had lounged , borrowed , and shirked through life .
Sam idled through a month of it , then got offended and left in the middle of haying .
Timothy Robinson washed his hands of him after that .
when Sam Duncan was dead and buried , Ellis straightened his shoulders and took counsel with himself .
he had always been a quiet fellow , and nobody in Dalrymple knew much about him .
Ellis had not gone to his Uncle Timothy until he had lost all hope of getting a place elsewhere .
it was nearly the end of June and everybody who wanted help had secured it .
look where he would , Ellis could see no prospect of employment .
old Thomas shook his head ruefully .
I haven't the first at my age , and my hired man hasn't the last .
old Thomas calculated carefully .
he never paid a cent more for anything than he could help , and was noted for hard bargaining .
Ellis looked at the pasture .
Ellis shrugged his shoulders .
Ellis went to work the next day .
his first move was to chop down all the brush and cart it into heaps for burning .
this took two days and was comparatively easy work .
the third day Ellis tackled the roots .
perhaps I 've been mistaken in the boy .
Ellis did hold out .
the elderberries tried to hold out too , but they were no match for the lad 's perseverance .
it was a hard piece of work , however , and Ellis never forgot it .
the job seemed endless , and his progress each day was discouragingly slow .
he had expected to get through in a month , but he soon found it would take two .
but he never spoke to Ellis and made no comment on the matter to anybody .
one evening , when the field was about half done , Ellis went home more than usually tired .
it had been a very hot day .
every bone and muscle in him ached .
he wondered dismally if he would ever get to the end of that wretched elderberry field .
when he reached home Jacob Green from Westdale was there .
Jacob lost no time in announcing his errand .
somebody referred me to you .
guess I 'll try you .
for a moment Ellis 's face flushed with delight .
twelve dollars a month and permanent employment !
then he remembered his promise to Mr Fillmore .
for a moment he struggled with the temptation .
then he mastered it .
perhaps the discipline of his many encounters with those elderberry roots helped him to do so .
Jacob drove away grumblingly .
on the road he met Timothy Robinson and stopped to relate his grievances .
there ain't a lazy bone in your body .
old Tom cheated you .
Harvest will be on next week .
will you take his place ?
Ellis stared at Timothy Robinson .
I 've seen how you went at that elderberry job .
great snakes , there couldn't be a better test for anybody than rooting out them things .
I know you can work .
when Jacob Green told me why you 'd refused his offer I knew you could be depended on .
you come to me and I 'll do well by you .
I 'm tired of hired housekeepers .
will your mother come up and live with us and look after things a bit ?
but there is one thing I must say .
Timothy Robinson smiled a queer , twisted smile that yet had a hint of affection and comprehension in it .
Shawls and scarfs and hoods the things were , I believe .
when she finished one she gave it to some girl and began another .
she was old , with that beautiful , serene old age which is as beautiful in its way as youth .
her girlhood and womanhood must have been very lovely to have ripened into such a beauty of sixty years .
it was a surprise to everyone who heard her called Miss Sylvia .
she looked so like a woman who ought to have stalwart , grown sons and dimpled little grandchildren .
for the first two days after the arrival at the hotel she sat in her corner alone .
she sat among the boys and girls , young men and maidens , like a fine white queen .
she knitted continually and talked a good deal , but listened more .
when you were first introduced to her you called her Miss Stanleymain .
her endurance of that was limited to twenty-four hours .
Miss Sylvia liked us all , but I was her favourite .
although Miss Sylvia had an unlimited capacity for receiving confidences , she never gave any .
Miss Sylvia parried tentative questions so skilfully that we knew she had something to defend .
the last chapter was missing .
we were sitting together on the veranda at sunset .
I was reading one of my stories to Miss Sylvia .
in my own excuse I must allege that she tempted me to do it .
I did not go around with manuscripts under my arm , inflicting them on defenceless females .
it was a rather sad little story .
the hero loved the heroine , and she loved him .
when he found that he loved her he knew that he must go away .
but after a little her knitting slipped unheeded to her lap and her hands folded idly above it .
it was the most subtle compliment I had ever received .
it would have no reason for existence then .
Miss Sylvia broke down and sobbed .
I 'm going to tell you my poor little story to convince you .
but it 's such a poor little story .
I met him at a summer resort like this .
I was there with my aunt and he was there with his mother , who was delicate .
he was oh , he was like no other man I had ever seen .
you remind me of him somehow .
that is partly why I like you so much .
I noticed the resemblance the first time I saw you .
he was not strong he coughed a good deal .
then one day he went away suddenly .
after a time I heard that he had been ordered to California for his health .
and he died out there the next spring .
I have always loved him .
Miss Sylvia shook her head with a sad smile .
sometimes I think he did .
but then the doubt creeps back again .
and I never can know , never I can hope and almost believe , but I can never know .
oh , you don't understand a man couldn't fully understand what my pain has been over it .
you see now why I want you to change the story .
Miss Sylvia picked up her knitting and went away .
during the following winter I wrote several letters to Miss Sylvia and received replies from her .
her letters were very like herself .
it was brought home from California after his death .
I 've never examined them .
I don't suppose there is anything of any importance among them .
but I 'm not going to carry all that old rubbish to town .
so I wish you would look over them and see if there is anything that should be kept .
I felt no particular interest in the task .
my Uncle Alan Blair was a mere name to me .
he was my mother 's eldest brother and had died years before I was born .
but I anticipated no pleasure from exploring musty old letters and papers of forty neglected years .
I went up to Uncle Alan 's room at dusk that night .
the room looked to the north and was always dim by reason of the close-growing Sweetwater pines .
most of these were bundles of yellowed letters , of no present interest , from his family and college friends .
there were several college theses and essays , and a lot of loose miscellania pertaining to boyish school days .
it had been begun in the spring after he had graduated from college .
his mother had not been well that summer and the doctor ordered her to the seashore .
Alan accompanied her .
I found them later on in the trunk , but at the time I passed to the next page .
this girl is the sweetest thing that God ever made .
I had not known a woman could be so fair and sweet .
her beauty awes me , the purity of her soul shines so clearly through it like an illuminating lamp .
it would have been hard to die without having known love .
I am glad that it has come to me , even if its price is unspeakable bitterness .
a man has not lived for nothing who has known and loved Sylvia Stanleymain .
I must not seek her love that is denied me .
she is in my thoughts day and night , she dwells in my dreams .
a week later there was another entry :
I am afraid .
To-day I met Sylvia 's eyes .
I must not let myself dwell on the dangerous sweetness of the thought that her heart is turning to me .
what would be the crowning joy to another man could be only added sorrow to me .
this morning I took the train to the city .
I was determined to know the worst once for all .
the time had come when I must .
my doctor at home had put me off with vague hopes and perhapses .
so I went to a noted physician in the city .
I told him I wanted the whole truth I made him tell it .
but this is no time for self-pity .
it is over .
I said good-bye to her to-day before others , for I dared not trust myself to see her alone .
she looked hurt and startled , as if someone had struck her .
but she will soon forget , even if I have not been mistaken in the reading of her eyes .
as for me , the bitterness of death is already over in that parting .
all that now remains is to play the man to the end .
in all of them he spoke of Sylvia .
last night I was easier .
I slept and dreamed that I saw Sylvia .
but I have decided that it would be unwise .
it is sunset in this wonderful summer land .
at home in Sweetwater it is only early spring as yet , with snow lingering along the edges of the woods .
the sunsets there will be creamy-yellow and pale red now .
there was a little blot where the pen had fallen .
evidently the end had been nearer than Alan Blair had thought .
I asked .
I dropped the parcel in her lap .
she was silent with surprise and bewilderment .
you won't want to see me or anyone for a while after you have read this book .
when I went the next day Miss Sylvia herself met me at the door .
she caught my hand and drew me into the hall .
her eyes were softly radiant .
Jims tried the door of the blue room .
yes , it was locked .
except , perhaps , that little boys were not born grown-ups and that was something she never remembered .
to be sure , she was only a half-aunt .
whole aunts probably had more convenient memories .
Jims turned and stood with his back against the door .
it was better that way ; he could not imagine things behind him then .
Jims hated being shut up alone especially in the blue room .
its bigness and dimness and silence filled his sensitive little soul with vague horror .
sometimes he became almost sick with fear in it .
to do Aunt Augusta justice , she never suspected this .
that was why she shut him up instead of whipping him .
but how was she to know it ?
as he put it , he was very mad at Aunt Augusta .
Jims was bitterly disappointed .
but it was so hard to waken him up that Jims seldom attempted it .
there were no sobs just now , though Jims was still too angry .
it wasn't fair .
uncle Walter was always too busy , attending to sick children all over the town , to take him .
it was only once in a blue moon Mrs Loring asked him to go out with her .
it sounded terribly as if somebody or something were trying to get in .
Jims looked desperately at the unshuttered window .
but to get to the window Jims must cross the room and pass by the bed .
Jims held that bed in special dread .
it was the oldest fashioned thing in the old-fashioned , old-furnitured house .
Jims gave a gasp and ran madly across the room .
he reached the window and flung himself upon the seat .
with a sigh of relief he curled down in the corner .
Jims had loved that garden from his first sight of it .
he had only known it for a few weeks .
before that , they had lived in a much smaller house away at the other side of the town .
somehow , Jims had an idea that Uncle Walter wasn't very glad to come back there .
but he had to , according to great-uncle 's will .
Jims himself didn't mind much .
he liked the smaller rooms in their former home better , but the Garden of Spices made up for all .
it was such a beautiful spot .
it seemed to be a garden where no frost could blight or rough wind blow .
when rain fell it must fall very gently .
the trees grew so thickly that they almost hid the house to which the garden pertained .
it was a large one of grey-black stone , with stacks of huge chimneys .
Jims had no idea who lived there .
Jims would never have thought of mentioning them to Uncle Walter .
he was devoured by the desire to find out who the folks in that tabooed house were .
and he longed to have the freedom of that garden .
Jims loved gardens .
he wanted his Garden of Spices to be full of laughter .
then he brightened up ; the Very Handsome Cat was coming across the lawn .
he was the only living thing , barring birds and butterflies , that Jims ever saw in the garden .
Jims worshipped that cat .
Jims ' fingers tingled to stroke him .
and you cannot stroke gobblers !
he looked straight up at Jims and winked .
come down here and play with me .
a wild , daring , absurd idea flashed into Jims ' brain .
he could !
he would !
he knew it would be easy .
he had thought it all out many times , although until now he had never dreamed of really doing it .
the cat rose and retreated in deliberate haste ; Jims ran after him .
the cat dodged through the rose paths and eluded Jims ' eager hands , just keeping tantalizingly out of reach .
Jims had forgotten everything except that he must catch the cat .
he was full of a fearful joy , with an elfin delight running through it .
but he must catch the cat .
the cat ran over the lawn and Jims pursued it through the green gloom of the thickly clustering trees .
he stood very still , looking at the lady .
she had wonderful ropes of blue-black hair wound around her head .
she looked so sweet that Jims ' heart beat .
then she lifted her head and turned her face and saw him .
Jims felt something of a shock .
she was not pretty after all .
one side of her face was marked by a dreadful red scar .
after the first moment Jims did not mind the scar at all .
Jims thought she must be angry because he had chased her cat .
I just wanted to play with him .
her voice was as sweet as her face .
Jims thought he was mistaken in thinking her angry and plucked up heart of grace .
shyness was no fault of Jims .
aunt Augusta shut me up in the blue room because I spilled my pudding at dinner .
I hate to be shut up .
so I was mad .
he looked straight at her and smiled .
Jims had a very dear little smile .
the lady smiled back .
she said it as if something hurt her horribly .
she smiled again gallantly .
the cat came over promptly and rubbed his head against Jims ' knee .
this is such a Very Handsome Cat .
Jims looked at her gravely and dispassionately .
suddenly the lady laughed beautifully .
a faint rosy flush came into her unscarred cheek .
nobody calls me James but Aunt Augusta .
she isn't my whole aunt .
she looked away as she asked it .
he doesn't often think about me .
he has too many sick children to think about .
sick children are all Uncle Walter cares about .
he 's the greatest children 's doctor in the Dominion , Mr Burroughs says .
Mr Burroughs is my tutor , you know .
I study with him from nine till one .
I 'm not allowed to go to the public school .
I 'd like to , but Uncle Walter thinks I 'm not strong enough yet .
I 'm going next year , though , when I 'm ten .
I have holidays now .
he was talking to a friend of his .
he thought I was reading my book .
so I was but I heard it all .
it was more interesting than my book .
so that is why he hates women .
you see , the pudding was spilled .
I thought they hadn't changed .
I shall tell Martha to bring out something to eat and we 'll have it here under this tree .
but she saw the name meant nothing to Jims .
Avery is my first name and I never hear it nowadays .
I can't offer you a movie and I 'm afraid there isn't any ice cream either .
I could have had some if I 'd known you were coming .
a very old woman , who looked at Jims with great amazement , came out to set the table .
Jims thought she must be as old as Methusaleh .
but he did not mind her .
and he discovered a fragrant herb-garden in a far corner and was delighted .
now it was truly a garden of spices .
the two looked at each other with sly intelligence .
then she laughed and held out her arms .
Jims flew into them .
he put his arms about her neck and kissed her scarred face .
Miss Avery suddenly pushed him away .
Jims was horribly afraid he had offended her .
but she took his hand .
the Black Prince sat between them and was fed tit-bits .
James ate until he thought he had enough .
aunt Augusta would have thought he was doomed , could she have seen him .
he took her hand and kissed it .
but who could dream of kissing Aunt Augusta 's hands ?
I 'll give you a stool and you can stand on it .
just leave it there for future use .
good-bye , Jims .
he had always wanted to be loved .
he climbed his pine and went in at the window and curled up on the seat in a maze of delight .
the blue room was more shadowy than ever but that did not matter .
the whole world was transformed for Jims .
from that time Jims lived a shamelessly double life .
besides , it is a sad truth that Jims didn't try very hard to be good now .
he thought it paid better to be bad and be shut up .
to be sure there was always a fly in the ointment .
uncle Walter laughed .
Miss Avery never went anywhere and no one ever went there .
she lived all alone with two old servants , man and maid .
Jims didn't know why , but he thought it must be because of the scar on her face .
he never referred to it , but one day Miss Avery told him what caused it .
it made me hideous .
everybody said so .
she took him into her big parlor and showed him the picture hanging on the wall between the two high windows .
it was of a young girl in white .
she certainly was very lovely , with her rose-leaf skin and laughing eyes .
Jims looked at the pictured face gravely , with his hands in his pockets and his head on one side .
then he looked at Miss Avery .
the young girl was beautiful , but her face was a little hard .
there was pride and vanity and something of the insolence of great beauty in it .
they made taffy .
they read fairy tales together .
Mr Burroughs had disapproved of fairy tales .
they blew soap-bubbles out on the lawn and let them float away over the garden and the orchard like fairy balloons .
they had glorious afternoon teas under the beech tree .
they made ice cream themselves .
Jims even slid down the bannisters when he wanted to .
Miss Avery did not seem to mind it a bit .
at first Miss Avery always wore dark sombre dresses .
but one day Jims found her in a pretty gown of pale primrose silk .
he had quite a knack of it .
and that gobbler is the only friend I have in the world except you .
and Jims flew into a passion of tears and protest about it and was promptly incarcerated in the blue room .
a few minutes later a sobbing boy plunged through the trees and stopped abruptly .
Martha went to your uncle 's house and bought him .
oh , she didn't betray you .
it was something of a task but Jims succeeded .
it was all too good to be true , Jims felt .
something would happen soon to spoil it .
Jims began to stint himself in eating lest he grew too fast .
Jims didn't want to go to the country now because his heart was elsewhere .
he must eat again , if he grew like a weed .
uncle Walter looked at him keenly .
then she addressed Uncle Walter .
and I feel that the care of this big place is too much for me .
I would prefer to go to my own old home .
uncle Walter frowned and got up .
you should marry , Walter .
I believed she loved me .
the life she has since led proves that .
it 's nonsense to say I 'm a woman-hater , Augusta .
Jims would have given one of his ears to stay and listen with the other .
but he went obediently .
he had never been saucy to Aunt Augusta before .
aunt Augusta crimsoned with anger and doomed Jims to an afternoon in the blue room for impertinence .
that rankled , for Jims didn't want Uncle Walter to think him impertinent .
and there Jims stopped as if he had been shot .
he flew into the house like a mad thing , shrieking for Martha .
nobody answered .
uncle Walter was just opening the door of his car .
she 's lying on the grass over there in her garden .
uncle Walter looked as if he wanted to ask some questions , but he said nothing .
with a strange face he hurried after Jims .
Miss Avery was still lying there .
as Uncle Walter bent over her he saw the broad red scar and started back with an exclamation .
I want help .
Jims did his errand .
uncle Walter and the nurse carried Miss Avery into the house and then Jims went back to the blue room .
he was so unhappy he didn't care where he went .
he wished something would jump at him out of the bed and put an end to him .
everything was discovered now and he would never see Miss Avery again .
Jims lay very still on the window seat .
he did not even cry .
he had come to one of the griefs that lie too deep for tears .
over at the stone house Miss Avery was lying on the couch in her room .
the nurse had gone away and Dr Walter was sitting looking at her .
he leaned forward and pulled away the hand with which she was hiding the scar on her face .
he looked first at the little gold ring on the hand and then at the scar .
Walter Grant leaned forward .
Avery forced herself to look .
what she saw covered her face with a hot blush .
do you think that would change me ?
but don't you think I 've paid , too ?
she pointed to the scar .
she gave a little laugh at his lame conclusion .
that was so like the old Walter .
the door of the blue room opened .
Jims did not look up .
it was Aunt Augusta , of course and she had heard the whole story .
Jims lifted his miserable eyes .
but Jims had swung down through the pine and was tearing across the Garden of Spices .
the Girl and the Photograph
when I heard that Peter Austin was in Vancouver I hunted him up .
Peter was a jolly little round freckled chap .
this was the one point upon which we always disagreed .
Peter couldn't endure girls ; I was devoted to them by the wholesale .
the Croyden girls were pretty and vivacious .
I had a score of flirtations during my brief sojourn among them .
it was ten years ago , but I had never been quite able to forget that girl 's face .
she was very young no more than sixteen ; yet the face and eyes were already those of a woman .
such a face !
yes , but I thought of that afterward , when I was alone .
when I returned home I questioned my cousins diplomatically as to who she might be .
my disappointment was so bitter that I laughed at myself .
but when I remembered her eyes , my wisdom forgave me .
in our busy western life a man had not much time for sentimental recollections .
yet I had never been able to care for another woman .
I wanted to ; I wanted to marry and settle down .
but , somehow , I shirked the matter .
at this stage Peter came west .
either Peter had excellent taste , or the Croyden photographers knew how to flatter .
but there was one on the mantel which attracted my attention especially .
lives in Croyden now used to live up the river at Chiselhurst .
she 's twenty-six now .
Marian is a mighty nice girl , but she 's bound to be an old maid .
Marian really hasn't a spark of feeling or sentiment in her .
Peter spoke rather squiffily .
I suspected that he had been one of the smitten swains himself .
as for me , I propped my ill-gotten treasure up on my mantel and worshipped it for a fortnight .
but I rated myself for this nonsense .
it was in the highest degree unlikely that I should ever meet the girl of the pines again .
if she were still living she was probably some other man 's wife .
I would think no more about it .
Peter whistled when he heard what I had to say .
Marian isn't the sort of girl to open up a correspondence in such a fashion .
tell her I 'm a respectable fellow with no violent bad habits and all that .
I 'm in earnest , Peter .
I can't get off just now for a trip east .
Peter grinned .
it 's all over now , but it was bad while it lasted .
perhaps Marian will consider your request more favourably if I put it in the light of a favour to myself .
Peter grinned again and looked at the one photo he had contrived to rescue from the fire .
it was a pretty , snub-nosed little girl .
she would never have consoled me for the loss of Marian Lindsay , but every man to his taste .
in due time Peter sought me out to give me his cousin 's answer .
you 've out-Caesared Caesar .
Marian agrees to a friendly correspondence with you .
I wrote to Marian Lindsay after one farewell dream of the girl under the pines .
when Marian 's letters began to come regularly I forgot the other one altogether .
they completed the conquest her picture had begun .
finally , I wrote and told her so , and I asked her to be my wife .
until then we would better continue on our present footing .
Peter was always a good fellow .
I haven't been able to grasp her taking to you in this fashion , though .
it 's so unlike Marian .
I arrived in Croyden at dusk and went to Uncle Tom 's .
I was secretly annoyed , for I wanted to hasten at once to Marian .
I knew she belonged to the same social set as Uncle Tom 's girls .
I should , however , have preferred our meeting to have been under different circumstances .
suddenly my heart gave a bound .
Marian Lindsay had just come in .
I recognized her at once from her photograph .
she was , moreover , gowned with a taste and smartness eminently admirable in the future Mrs Eric Curtis .
I felt a thrill of proprietary pride as I stepped out from behind the palms .
she was talking to Aunt Grace ; but her eyes fell on me .
Edna laughed .
it jarred on me to hear Marian called a flirt .
it seemed so out of keeping with her letters and the womanly delicacy and fineness revealed in them .
we had crossed the room during this reflection .
I suppose I bowed .
habit carries us mechanically through many impossible situations .
I don't suppose I betrayed my dire confusion , for Edna went off unconcernedly without another glance at me .
if this girl was Dorothy Armstrong who was Marian Lindsay ?
to whom was I engaged ?
I stammered like a schoolboy .
I was thinking a hundred words to the second , but my thoughts arrived nowhere .
I was staring at Miss Armstrong like a man bewitched .
she must have thought me a veritable booby .
Miss Armstrong looked surprised and a little bored .
evidently she was not used to having newly introduced young men inquiring about another girl .
amusement glimmered but over Miss Armstrong 's boredom .
she probably concluded that I was some harmless lunatic .
Marian is quite dark .
I am fair .
why , good evening , Jack .
she bowed to me and skimmed away with Jack .
I saw Aunt Grace bearing down upon me and fled incontinently .
where did the mistake come in ?
how had it happened ?
I shut my eyes and conjured up the vision of Peter 's room that day .
that must have been Marian Lindsay 's , and Peter had thought I meant it .
I was conscious of bitter disappointment .
I had fallen in love with Dorothy Armstrong 's photograph .
it was useless to remember that Peter had said she was pretty .
well , there was only one thing to do .
I must stand by my word .
somehow , it suited the letters .
nevertheless , when I heard a light footfall on the stairs my heart beat painfully .
I stood up and turned to the door , but I could not look up .
with an effort I raised my eyes and looked at her .
I took an unsteady step forward .
when I got home that night I burned Dorothy Armstrong 's photograph .
it is the only secret I have ever kept from my wife .
before we were married Marian told me something .
when I dreamed my girl 's dream of love your face rose up before me .
I had the advantage of you that I knew your name I had heard of you .
when Peter wrote about you I knew who you were .
that was why I agreed to correspond with you .
but it seemed my chance for happiness and I took it .
the Gossip of Valley View
one and all , old and young , of his intended victims had been too wary for Julius .
hence , Julius was disgusted and ready for anything in the way of a stratagem or a spoil .
the Barrett gatepost topped the highest hill in Valley View .
he seldom smiled , never joked , and had a Washingtonian reputation for veracity .
Dan had never told a conscious falsehood in his life ; he never even exaggerated .
Ma 's her cousin , you know .
Julius watched Dan and the grey mare out of sight , fairly writhing with ecstasy .
oh , but Dan had been easy !
the story would be all over Valley View in twenty-four hours .
Julius laughed until he came near to falling off the gatepost .
at this point Julius and Danny drop out of our story , and Young Thomas enters .
Eben Clark , the blacksmith , told him when he went to the forge to get his horse shod .
young Thomas laughed his big jolly laugh .
Eben grinned broadly .
well , I was glad to hear it , although I was mighty surprised .
I never thought of you and Adelia .
young Thomas grunted and drove away .
he drove home at last in what was for him something of a temper .
they were to go in a month 's time .
next day , three people who came to see Young Thomas on business congratulated him on his approaching marriage .
Young Thomas , who had recovered his usual good humour , merely laughed .
there was no use in being too earnest in denial , he thought .
it would die away in time , as other similar stories had died , he thought .
valley View gossip was imaginative .
Young Thomas gravely said that it was unfounded .
the gossip made him think about Adelia Williams .
he had never thought about her before ; he was barely acquainted with her .
next Sunday in church Young Thomas looked at Adelia Williams .
he caught Adelia looking at him .
Adelia blushed and looked guiltily away .
he noticed that she had round rosy cheeks and twinkling brown eyes .
for the next four weeks the story haunted Young Thomas like a spectre .
down it would not .
it gathered fresh detail every week .
his married sister from Carlisle heard the story and came over to investigate .
Young Thomas denied it shortly , and his sister scolded .
now , is it ?
he also wondered if Adelia was as much persecuted as himself .
no doubt she was .
Charles and he had been chums in their boyhood .
the letter was to congratulate Young Thomas on his approaching marriage .
Charles had heard of it through some Valley View correspondents of his wife .
he forwarded a wedding present by express and hoped they would be very happy , etc .
the present was an elaborate hatrack of polished buffalo horns , mounted on red plush , with an inset mirror .
Young Thomas set it up on the kitchen table and scowled moodily at his reflection in the mirror .
if wedding presents were beginning to come , it was high time something was done .
young Thomas shaved and put on his Sunday suit .
as soon as it was safely dark , he hied him away to Adelia Williams .
and I can't get Adelia out of my head .
when he knocked at Adelia 's door he discovered that his face was wet with perspiration .
young Thomas eyed her with a friendly grin .
she laughed helplessly again .
Young Thomas laughed too .
his embarrassment vanished in the mellowness of that laughter .
Adelia nodded .
I 've denied it till I was black in the face , but nobody believed me .
I can't find out how it started .
Adelia laid down her knitting and blushed crimson .
but she looked at Young Thomas squarely and reproachfully .
it just seemed to me that you were the very woman for me if you 'd only take me .
but Adelia was forty and had never been a romantic little body even in the heyday of youth .
this was practically an acceptance , and Young Thomas so understood it .
there was still enough unquiet life left in them to make them restless and forlorn .
but now they fell away from me at sight of the emptiness of life .
I was weak and timid .
father had never forgiven me for two things .
the only passion in my life was my love for my father .
but all I ever did win was an amused tolerance and I was grateful for that almost content .
it was much to have something to love and be permitted to love it .
but he did not know he never knew .
he had a firm , sensitive mouth and kindly , pleasant , dark blue eyes .
I never quite forgot the look in those eyes .
as I went homeward I wondered who he might be .
I wondered too if I should meet him again , and found the thought very pleasant .
seeing me , he laughed .
I was accustomed to such speeches from him , but they had never hurt me so cruelly before .
at that moment I would have given all the world only to be beautiful .
I felt a miserable sense of disappointment .
if he were the Frasers ' guest I could not expect to meet him again .
the only thing Father had ever taken pains to teach me was detestation of the Frasers and all their works .
I thought it did not matter much .
he had been living since childhood with his dead mother 's people , so much I knew .
something stung and smarted in my eyes .
didn't you see him in his father 's pew ?
but I forgot .
you are too demure to be looking at the young men in preaching or out of it , Isobel .
you are a model young woman .
curse old Malcolm Fraser !
he is your enemy and the enemy of your race .
not long afterwards I met Alan Fraser again , when I was out for a canter on my mare .
after that I had forgotten .
there was nothing to make me remember , for I never met Alan Fraser again .
one day they brought Father in , white-lipped and groaning .
those five years had been the happiest of my life .
I could not connect it with what I did for Father .
it was my delight because I loved him .
I did not mind the moods and the irritable outbursts that drove others from him .
the loneliness of the big echoing house weighed on my spirit .
I was solitary , without companionship .
I believed it .
I had no correspondents .
after Father 's death I had received a few perfunctory notes of condolence from distant relatives and family friends .
I hated those letters for their implied injustice .
I missed Father miserably and longed passionately for the very tasks and vigils that had evoked their pity .
this letter did not seem like one of those .
I opened it and took out some stiff , blackly written sheets .
they were undated and , turning to the last , I saw that they were unsigned .
to such a nature bereavement must bring a depth and an agony of grief unknown to shallower souls .
I know what your father 's helplessness and need of you meant to you .
believe me , dear lady , it will be neither .
courage will come to you with the kind days .
you will find noble tasks to do , beautiful and gracious duties waiting along your path .
I give you Godspeed for the years to come .
the letter itself implied that the writer was a stranger .
the very mystery stung me to interest .
a week later another letter came .
I welcomed it with an eagerness which I feared was almost childish .
it was a much longer letter than the first and was written in quite a different strain .
only at the end was a personal note struck .
I think you must be for I have seen you and read what is written in your face .
after that every week brought me a letter ; soon those letters were the greatest interest in my life .
I had begun to look abroad in my small world for worthy work and found plenty to do .
they were an intellectual stimulant as well .
they had been coming for a year before I began to reply to them .
I sat down at my desk and wrote a full reply to it .
for the first time I discovered the delight of revealing my thought unhindered by the conventions .
also , I understood better why the writer of those letters had written them .
I knew if those letters ceased to come all savour would go out of my life .
after that I wrote a reply to every letter I received and kept them all locked up together .
it was delightful .
the secret romance of it all made me look on existence with joyous , contented eyes .
gradually a change crept over the letters I received .
without ever affording the slightest clue to the identity of their writer they grew more intimate and personal .
the first words drove the blood to my heart and then sent it flying hotly all over my face .
I love you .
I must say it at last .
I only know that I must .
what a delight to write it out and know that you will read it .
ever since I first saw you I have loved you .
there was much more , for it was a long letter .
when I had read it I buried my burning face in my hands , trembling with happiness .
Spirit leaped to spirit unhindered over the fettering bounds of matter and time .
nothing else mattered .
I wrote my answer to his letter .
the next day I went to town on business with my lawyers .
as I sat down my eyes fell on a folded letter lying on the table beside me .
with a shock of surprise I recognized the writing .
I laid it down again and stood up , dizzy , breathless , unseeing .
like a woman in a dream I walked through the outer office and into the street .
I must have walked on for blocks before I became conscious of my surroundings .
the name I had seen signed to that letter was Alan Fraser !
and yet I now wondered at my long blindness .
no one else could have written those letters no one but him .
and he loved me !
I thought of the old feud and hatred ; I thought of my pride and traditions .
they seemed like the dust and ashes of outworn things things to be smiled at and cast aside .
then , summoning my groom , I bade him ride to Glenellyn with it .
then the maid came up to tell me that Alan Fraser was in the library .
I went down with my cold hands tightly clasped behind me .
when he saw me he came quickly forward .
his eyes were kindling into mine .
he held my hands in a close , impetuous clasp .
living love had driven out dead hatred .
when he had finished he turned to me and held out his arms .
I was to learn one day what it was for which Uncle Jesse looked .
we went to Golden Gate in the spring .
mother 's health had not been good and her doctor recommended sea air and quiet .
I imagine you can be very comfortable in it .
it 's about all I 'm good for now , catching trout and cod occasional .
I simply wanted to begin on those trout .
mother and I laughed and shivered over Uncle Jesse 's tales , and once we found ourselves crying .
uncle Jesse surveyed our tears with pleasure shining out through his face like an illuminating lamp .
but I can't do justice to the things I 've seen and helped do .
but I can't .
you 'll likely be pestered with me at any hour .
I live on that point yander .
neither me nor my house is worth coming to see .
it 's only got one room and a loft and a stovepipe sticking out of the roof for a chimney .
mother and I had a beautiful summer at Golden Gate .
we lived the life of two children with Uncle Jesse as a playmate .
he was as refreshing as a sea breeze , as interesting as some ancient chronicle .
one day he was absent all day and returned at nightfall .
I stayed all day to talk to him .
heretics are wicked but they 're mighty interesting .
mind you , I believe what I was brought up to believe .
nothing ever seemed to put Uncle Jesse out or depress him in any way .
it 's great fun thinking they can't last .
uncle Jesse was a very early riser .
he seldom missed a sunrise .
but if I could I 'd go out when the morning comes in there at the Gate .
but to Uncle Jesse those fifty years were but as yesterday when it is past .
but I 'll find her sometime .
and when there 's a storm and the waves are sobbing and moaning I hear her lamenting among them .
and when they laugh on a gay day it 's her laugh lost Margaret 's sweet little laugh .
the sea took her from me but some day I 'll find her , Mary .
he needed no coaxing to show it and he proudly gave it to me to read .
it was an old leather-bound book filled with the record of his voyages and adventures .
every sentence was a nugget .
here were both ready to his hand , but Robert was in Japan in the interests of his paper .
we wanted him to visit us in town during the winter but he shook his head .
if lost Margaret called me I mightn't hear her there .
I must be here when my time comes .
I wrote often to Uncle Jesse through the winter and sent him books and magazines .
in the spring we returned joyfully to Golden Gate .
he had aged greatly and seemed frail and bent .
in June Robert came .
this was Uncle Jesse 's best story .
he sat there in his poor little room and made those things live again for us .
finally , he lent Robert his life-book .
and he was .
he was as excited as a schoolboy over it .
oh , we 'll write a famous book between us , Uncle Jesse .
uncle Jesse was a happy man that summer .
he looked upon the little back room we gave up to Robert for a study as a sacred shrine .
Robert delved into the treasures of the life-book and used them freely .
as the book progressed it took possession of him and he worked at it with feverish eagerness .
it was autumn when the book was finished .
we loved the spot and , besides , I wished to remain for Uncle Jesse 's sake .
his tramping expeditions were over and he seldom went out in his boat .
the only keen interest he still had was in Robert 's book .
he waited and watched impatiently for its publication .
one day in young April the book came at last .
the book was there .
I wondered how he would like the ending the ending I had suggested .
I was never to know .
it was an exquisite morning , full of delicate spring tints and sounds .
when I reached the little house on the point I saw the lamp still burning wanly in the window .
a quick alarm struck at my heart .
without waiting to knock , I lifted the latch , and entered .
uncle Jesse was lying on the old sofa by the window , with the book clasped to his heart .
the Little Black Doll
to be sure , Denise was not much bother , and Little Joyce did most of the waiting on her .
but when you are shy and homely and thin and awkward , your grandmother never takes you anywhere .
Little Joyce knew quite well that Grandmother Marshall did not like her .
she thought it was because she was so plain and awkward and in part it was .
grandmother Marshall cared very little for granddaughters who did not do her credit .
grandmother Marshall had no intention of trying .
Little Joyce knew this .
nobody loved her but Denise and the little black doll .
Little Joyce had no doubt at all on this point .
Little Joyce sighed so deeply over this thought that Uncle Roderick smiled at her .
uncle Roderick did smile at her sometimes .
if Madame Laurin were to see it , she 'd likely want it .
in her excitement she upset her cup of tea over the tablecloth .
but Denise herself had been crying .
Little Joyce had very pretty hands , only nobody had ever noticed them .
I haf not long to live .
Denise put her thin hands over her face and sobbed again .
Little Joyce went and sat down by the window , looking out into the white birches .
her heart ached bitterly .
Little Joyce , wise and knowing beyond her years , saw that .
and Denise wanted to hear Madame Laurin sing .
at the breakfast table next morning the Marshalls talked about the concert and the wonderful Madame Laurin .
never , thought handsome Grandmother Marshall , had she appeared so sallow and homely .
really , Grandmother Marshall could not have the patience to look at her .
he came , and shook his head , that being really all he could do under the circumstances .
Little Joyce asked in the blunt , straightforward fashion Grandmother Marshall found so trying .
she went to her room and did something with the black doll .
after dinner Grandmother Marshall and Chrissie drove away , and Uncle Roderick and Aunt Isabella went away , too .
Little Joyce crept up to the kitchen chamber .
then Little Joyce tiptoed down and sped away to the hotel .
Little Joyce stopped before her and looked at her meditatively .
perhaps it would be well to ask advice of this lady .
will you tell me the best way to go about seeing her ?
I am going to offer her my little black doll .
a flash of interest lighted up the lady 's brown eyes .
she bent forward .
Little Joyce nodded .
mutely she opened the box and took out the black doll .
the lady gave an exclamation of amazed delight and almost snatched it from Little Joyce .
it was a very peculiar little doll indeed , carved out of some black polished wood .
the lady put the little black doll back in the box .
then she stood up and held out her hand .
but Madame Laurin did not seem to mind , and Little Joyce never thought about it at all .
Denise 's face lighted up , and she clasped her hands .
then did Madame Laurin sing .
never had that kitchen chamber been so filled with glorious melody .
Little Joyce knelt by the bed , her eyes on the singer like one entranced .
Denise lay with her face full of joy and rapture such joy and rapture !
I love music so much , Madame .
of course , I can't sing very well and I don't know anything but hymns .
I always sing hymns for Denise , although she is a Catholic and the hymns are Protestant .
but her priest told her it was all right , because all music was of God .
Denise 's priest is a very nice man , and I like him .
he thought my little black doll your little black doll was splendid .
then Little Joyce , slipping her hand into Denise 's , began to sing .
Mine was nothing to it nothing at all .
but you must have the training .
where are your parents ?
but Little Joyce hung her head .
it had never occurred to her to sing in Grandmother Marshall 's presence .
Madame Laurin bent and kissed Little Joyce 's brown cheek .
and next summer I shall be back .
Madame threw up her hands , laughing .
keep it for a mascot .
a great singer always needs a mascot .
when Madame Laurin had gone , Grandmother Marshall looked at Little Joyce .
it has grown so thick and long .
yes , we must certainly find a better way than that stiff braid .
Little Joyce , taking Grandmother Marshall 's extended hand , felt very happy .
when the telegram came from William George , Grandma Sheldon was all alone with Cyrus and Louise .
Delia had always thought there was nobody like Grandma when it came to nursing sick folks .
I 'll drive you to the station , get you your ticket , and put you on the train .
then you 'll have nothing to do until the train gets to Green Village .
you never know what sort of people you 'll meet on the train .
you shall take back home all the money you don't need to get my ticket .
then I shall be easier in my mind .
he got Grandma 's ticket for her and Grandma tied it up in the corner of her handkerchief .
then the train came in and Grandma , clinging closely to Cyrus , was put on it .
Cyrus found a comfortable seat for her and shook hands cheerily .
don't be frightened .
here 's the Weekly Argus .
I got it at the store .
then Cyrus was gone , and in a minute the station house and platform began to glide away .
dear , oh dear , what has happened to it ? thought Grandma in dismay .
some of the passengers smiled pleasantly at Grandma .
after a while Grandma , to her amazement , discovered that she liked riding on the cars .
it was not at all the disagreeable experience she had expected it to be .
why , she was just as comfortable as if she were in her own rocking chair at home !
Grandma Sheldon held her breath while she looked him over .
was he a pickpocket ?
Grandma remembered with a sigh of thankfulness that she had no money .
he was quietly dressed in a suit of dark-blue serge with a black overcoat .
he wore his hat well down on his forehead and was clean shaven .
his hair was very black , but his eyes were blue nice eyes , Grandma thought .
she always felt great confidence in a man who had bright , open , blue eyes .
to be sure , he had fair hair , reflected Grandma .
it 's real odd to see such black hair with such light blue eyes .
well , he 's real nice looking , and I don't believe there 's a mite of harm in him .
the early autumn night had now fallen and Grandma could not amuse herself by watching the scenery .
her companion looked at her with a kindly , amused smile .
the affair may not have been so cold-blooded as the accounts state .
she died very suddenly .
I used to look at him with such interest .
he had absent-mindedly folded up Grandma 's old copy of the Argus and put it in his pocket .
Grandma looked in the basket for her handkerchief .
it was not there .
it was not there .
she stood up and shook herself still no handkerchief .
the conductor scowled unsympathetically .
the dark man got up and helped Grandma search , but no ticket was to be found .
he took out his pocketbook and handed the conductor a bill .
and you must not feel overly grateful to me .
well , this is a lesson to me !
he seemed to enjoy her accounts of them too .
the latter shook his head .
they 've never got Cyrus 's telegram .
well , I might have known it .
but I 'll go with you .
the Starmont freight passes here in half an hour and I 'll go on her .
the man did not answer .
he had not answered any of the personal remarks Grandma had made to him in her conversation .
she was welcomed with eagerness and surprise .
no , I got no telegram .
S'pose Cyrus forgot to send it .
he would not wait for supper the next train would be in and he must not miss it .
one day William George came in with a large city daily in his hands .
who is he ?
what is his name ?
Grandma looked at him blankly for a moment .
the whole story is here .
he had shaved his beard and dyed his hair and came near getting clear out of the country .
but it was seen in Montreal and he was run to earth there .
in this view Grandma persisted .
I write him a letter every Christmas and I send him tracts and papers .
he 's my own little charity .
but I 've never been on the cars since and I never will be again .
Jedediah was not a name that savoured of romance .
his last name was Crane , which is little better .
romance cares not for appearances and apparently delights in contradictions .
as Jedediah rode through Amberley he looked about him with interest .
he knew it well , although it was fifteen years since he had seen it .
but Amberley was Amberley still .
Bob never had any poetry in his soul no romance , as you might say .
he was what you might call a plodder you might call him that .
the pond and the old hills ain't changed any .
there 's the Adams homestead .
he had not intended to offer his wares in Amberley that day .
but he could not pass the Adams place .
Jedediah 's heart was beating furiously under his checks .
it 's a poor lookout for a man of your years , Jed .
don't get excited .
it ain't the least likely that Mattie Adams is here yet .
it 's probable there 's no Adamses here at all now .
but it 's romantic , yes , it 's romantic .
it 's splendid .
the Adams place itself was not unromantic .
the house was a large , old-fashioned white one , with green shutters and a front porch with Grecian columns .
these were thought very elegant in Amberley .
Mrs Carmody said they gave a house such a classical air .
it now stopped altogether at least he declared in later years it did .
Jedediah felt that the situation was delicious .
it had always taken a great deal to disturb Mattie .
you must stay and have tea with me , Jed .
Jed hesitated .
and we can't stand here in the yard and talk .
look at Selena .
there she is , watching us from the kitchen window .
Jed swung himself around .
at one of them a long , pale face was visible .
Jed went in and stayed to tea .
as he went , Selena 's face appeared at the window of the house over the valley .
Mattie preferred to meet Selena out of doors .
it was easier to thrust and parry there .
meanwhile , she wanted to think over things .
fifteen years before Jedediah Crane had been Mattie Adams 's beau .
the Adamses looked with no favour on the match .
they were a thrifty , well-to-do folk .
as for the Cranes well , they were lazy and shiftless , for the most part .
it would be a msalliance for an Adams to marry a Crane .
certainly nothing that went on in the Adams yard escaped Selena .
she watched Mattie and Jed in the moonlight one night .
she saw Jed kiss Mattie .
for Selena swooped down on her parents the next day .
Selena herself gave Jed a piece of her mind .
Jed usually was not afflicted with undue sensitiveness .
but he had some slumbering pride at the basis of his character and it was very stubborn when roused .
Selena roused it .
and now he had come home , driving a tin-wagon .
Mattie smiled to think of it .
she bore Jed no ill will for his failure .
Mattie had never had another beau .
people thought she was engaged to Jed Crane until her time for beaus went by .
Mattie did not mind ; she had never liked anybody so well as Jed .
to be sure , she had not thought of him for years .
Mattie 's reverie was interrupted by Selena .
perhaps her chronic curiosity , which would not let her rest , was accountable for her excessive leanness .
Mattie smiled .
Selena gave a little gasp .
she sat down on the lowest step and untied her bonnet strings .
she liked to alarm Selena .
you don't mean to say you 're going to make a fool of yourself over Jed Crane again ?
in the old days Selena could cow her , but that time was past .
I 'm perfectly calm .
but I might well be excited over your folly , Mattie Adams .
she had merely shown him kindness for old friendship 's sake .
she wasn't going to put up with Selena 's everlasting interference .
she would show her that she was independent .
when a week had passed Jed came again .
but it 's just her kind way .
this is it .
why , it 's romance with a vengeance , that 's what it is .
thereafter Jed called at the Adams place every week .
generally he stayed to tea .
Mattie always bought something of him to colour an excuse .
her kitchen fairly glittered with new tinware .
she gave Selena the overflow by way of heaping coals of fire .
he turned in under the willows and clinked musically into Mattie 's yard .
meanwhile , Selena watched from her window and raged .
Amberley people shrugged their shoulders when gossip noised the matter abroad .
this was Selena 's view of it also , barring the good nature .
but they all misjudged Jed .
he hugged himself with sorrowful delight over it .
Mattie listened with dismay in her heart .
but now she realized what he really meant to her .
if Jed went away everything would be flat , stale , and unprofitable .
Mattie began to drop hints .
but Jed would not take them .
True , once or twice he thought that perhaps Mattie did care a little for him yet .
this has been a mighty pleasant summer with that visit to look forward to every week .
Jed sighed .
Romance up to a certain point was food ; beyond that it palled , so to speak .
Jed 's romance failed him just when he needed it most .
Jed was plainly determined not to speak .
Jed always had more pride than a Crane could carry .
Mattie would not let herself cry , although she felt like it .
she went out and picked apples instead .
fate had evidently destined her as Jed 's best helper .
Mattie had no answer ready .
Selena went on undauntedly .
it was all she was capable of saying .
the die was cast ; she could not bear Selena 's slurs and she would not .
and she had not told a lie either .
her words were true ; she would make them true .
all the Adams determination and that was not a little was roused in her .
when Jed came again he was very solemn .
he thought it would be his last visit , but Mattie felt differently .
she had dressed herself with unusual care and crimped her hair .
her cheeks were scarlet and her eyes bright .
Jed thought she looked younger and prettier than ever .
Mattie had been so kind to him .
she had taken him out into the garden to say it .
the garden was out of view from the Ford place .
propose she must , but she drew the line at proposing under Selena 's eyes .
Jed nodded dully .
she held by the sweet-pea trellis to steady herself .
Thinking over this speech afterwards Jed was dissatisfied with it .
he thought he might have made it much more eloquent and romantic than it was .
but it served the purpose very well .
it was convincing it came straight from his honest , stupid heart , and Mattie knew it .
she held out her hands and Jed gathered her into his arms .
that evening Jed drove slowly away through the twilight , mounted for the last time on the tin-wagon .
he was so happy that he bore no grudge against even Selena Ford .
what else would you call it now ?
yes , I 've been longing for romance all my life , and I 've got it at last .
anyhow , I 'm uncommon happy .
I never felt so romantic before .
Roger Temple winced .
his aunt 's harsh , disagreeable voice always jarred horribly on his sensitive nerves .
then he gave a bitter little laugh .
Catherine Ames looked at him critically across the supper table .
she did not mince matters with herself or with other people .
Roger was a sallow , plain-featured fellow , small and insignificant looking .
but Steve was rich .
Roger was poor and always would be .
he hadn't the strength for it and his heart wasn't in it .
your grandfather married for looks , and a nice useless wife he got sick half her time .
Roger felt as if his raw , quivering soul were being seared .
for twenty-five years he had looked at her so .
his aunt stared and snorted .
her snort was meant to express kindly amusement , but it sounded like derision and contempt .
Catherine giggled .
Catherine snorted amiably again .
he must escape .
don't stay out as late as ye did last night .
ye coughed all night .
ye ain't wise !
she was very superstitious and she believed firmly in ghosts , and saw no absurdity in her question .
he believed in ghosts too , at least in Isabel Temple 's ghost .
he was another man .
he didn't even look the same .
Al'ays looking past ye at something behind ye .
they 'd give anyone creeps .
he never had any notion of flesh-and-blood women after that said a man wouldn't , after seeing Isabel .
his life was plumb ruined .
Lucky he died young .
but someone ye have to have .
I git out of patience with ye .
that 's just the kind of wife I want grace and beauty and charm .
Roger laughed bitterly again and went out .
it was sunset .
he felt a glad freedom .
Roger 's mother had died when he was three and his father when he was eight .
his little , old , bedridden grandmother had lived until he was twelve .
he had loved her passionately .
her death had left him desolate .
she was the only human being who had ever understood him .
he could never , he thought , have got through his tortured school days without her .
after she died he would not go to school .
he was not in any sense educated .
his father and grandfather had been illiterate men and he had inherited their underdeveloped brain cells .
he loved beauty in everything .
he was solitary by nature .
he knew that this probably saved him from much suffering , but for all that he regretted it .
without it he felt he lacked the key to a world of wonder .
but he looked at her as at a picture .
when he tried to think and dream of her , it bored him .
besides , he knew she had a rather nasal voice .
he gave up trying at last , but he still longed to love .
he went straight to Isabel Temple 's grave in the remote shore field of his farm .
Isabel Temple had lived and died eighty years ago .
little ferns were growing in the hollows and cracks of the big boulder where clay had lodged .
over Isabel Temple 's crooked , lichened gravestone hung a young wild cherry in its delicate bloom .
it was too dark here after all to read Wordsworth , but that did not matter .
it was in his blood to believe it .
the Temples were a superstitious family , and there was nothing in Roger 's upbringing to correct the tendency .
his was not a sceptical or scientific mind .
he was ignorant and poetical and credulous .
his grandmother , who had told him Isabel 's story , had told him this too , and believed it .
Roger knew this , but he had a curious longing to see her .
he loved the spot , and he believed that some time he would see Isabel Temple there .
she came , so the story went , to one in each generation of the family .
then , when he lifted his eyes again , he saw her !
it was just between dusk and dark now , but he saw her very plainly .
he did not know .
he only knew that lovely Isabel Temple had now come to him and that he was hers forever .
when he snatched it off , she was gone .
Roger Temple did not go home that night till the spring dawn was in the sky .
Catherine was sleepless with anxiety about him .
when she heard him come up the stairs , she opened her door and peeped out .
Roger went along the hall without seeing her .
he looked like his uncle .
but , apart from that , he was hardly conscious of her presence .
when he had gone out , Catherine wagged her uncomely grey head ominously .
he 's seen her drat her !
it 's time she gave up that kind of work .
he longed for night , that he might again steal to the grave in the haunted grove .
two weeks went by and he had not seen her .
he knew now that he loved her Isabel Temple , dead for eighty years .
he could tell them better if he could find words .
could other men have loved at all could any man love those blowzy , common girls of earth ?
no wonder his uncle had died .
he , Roger Temple , would soon die too .
that would be well .
mortal love could never be so exquisite .
he had never lived before now he lived in every fibre of his being .
he was glad Aunt Catherine did not worry him with questions .
he had feared she would .
she dared not ask questions .
who knew what she might hear if she asked him questions ?
she was very unhappy .
he would not have missed it for a score of other men 's lives .
no man could ever take her from him .
but she did come again .
he never read Wordsworth now or any other book .
she slipped through the dark boughs like a moonbeam and stood by the stone .
again he saw her quite plainly saw and drank her in with his eyes .
he did not feel surprise something in him had known she would come again .
he did not know ; and then a horrible thing happened .
he caught hold of her .
she screamed .
Roger sprang forward and struck him in the face .
the sailor reeled back and put up his hands .
he backed down the path .
then he turned and ran stumblingly across the field .
Roger did not follow ; he went back to Isabel Temple 's grave .
the girl was lying across it ; he thought she was unconscious .
she did not speak either .
he was incapable of thinking just then ; he was dazed , wretched , lost .
presently he became aware that she was timidly pulling his arm .
she moved on down the little path and he followed .
Out in the moonlit field he saw her clearly .
presently he would laugh at himself , when this dazed agony should clear away from his brain .
he followed her down the long field to the bay shore .
at its gate she paused .
Roger knew now who she was .
Catherine had told him about her a month ago .
her father had died some months before .
he went back to Isabel Temple 's grave and flung himself down on it and cried like a boy .
she knew he had not come in till the summer dawn .
with this , she began to ask questions again .
Roger looked at her in her morning ugliness .
he had not really seen her for weeks .
now she smote on his tortured senses , so long drugged with beauty , like a physical blow .
nobody ever saw it .
he got up and went violently out , leaving Catherine aghast .
even an occasional oath was better than that .
he still loved her and longed for her just as keenly as before .
he could not live without her .
at last his hunger for her drew him to the old grey house on the bay shore .
she could not hear a sound but she could talk .
we 're much obliged for what you did the other night .
when Lilith came in , her ivory-white face went scarlet all over at the sight of Roger .
she sat down in a shadowy corner .
Mrs Barr got up and went out .
Roger was mute ; he could find nothing to say .
he felt very foolish and absurd , and very conscious of his twisted shoulder .
what a fool he had been to come !
then Lilith looked up at him and smiled .
a little shy , friendly smile .
he got up , forgetting his ugliness , and went across the room to her .
Roger was again incredibly happy .
a certain secret well-spring of fancy that had seemed dry welled up in him sparklingly again .
through the summer weeks the odd courtship went on .
Roger talked to her as he had never talked to anyone .
he felt that her intent gaze was reading his soul as well as his lips .
and he was afraid that if he did , she would never consent .
in spite of her shy , eager welcomes he could not believe she could care for him for him .
he was a fool to dream of it .
to the existence of romance and glamour in which he lived , no gossip of the countryside penetrated .
he came downstairs one night in the twilight , ready to go to Lilith .
he ain't for every market , as I 'm bound to admit .
he went , not to the bay shore , but to Isabel Temple 's grave .
his aunt 's horrible practicalities had filled him with disgust they dragged his love in the dust of sordid things .
and Lilith was rich ; he had never known that never suspected it .
he could never ask her to marry him now ; he must never see her again .
for the second time he had lost her , and this second losing could not be borne .
he hoped he could soon die .
he bent forward and kissed her lips for the first time .
the wonder of it loosed his bound tongue .
uncle Richard 's New Year 's Dinner
Uncle Richard had not been on speaking terms with her or her father , his only brother , for eight years .
Richard Baker , so he informed Mr Miller , was on his way to Navarre with a load of pork .
after her Uncle Richard had driven away , Prissy walked thoughtfully home .
there was nobody else to cook dinner for .
Prissy 's mother had died when Prissy was a baby .
she was her father 's housekeeper , and they had jolly times together .
but as she walked home , she could not help thinking about Uncle Richard .
suddenly an idea popped into Prissy 's head .
oh , she never could !
but he would never know there would be plenty of time she would !
he had never spoken to his brother since , and he declared he never would .
Prissy had no trouble in breaking into Uncle Richard 's house , for the woodshed door was unfastened .
she tripped into the hostile kitchen with rosy cheeks and mischief sparkling in her eyes .
in a short time the kitchen was full of bubbling and hissings and appetizing odours .
then I 'll slip away home .
I 'd like to see his face when he steps in .
Poor Prissy felt that she would never get to the end of her explanation .
would Uncle Richard be angry ?
would he order her from the house ?
it smells good , I must say .
Mrs Janeway always burns pork when she roasts it .
sit down , Prissy .
they sat down .
Prissy ran impulsively around the table and kissed Uncle Richard .
he looked up at his tall , girlish niece with a smile of pleasure .
it made me cross today when folks wished me a happy New Year .
it seemed like mockery when I hadn't a soul belonging to me to make it happy .
and Prissy promised .
Avery Sparhallow did not seem so happy .
she worked rather abstractedly and frowned oftener than she smiled .
Avery Sparhallow was conceded to be a beauty , and had no rival in Burnley Beach .
nobody ever called Janet a beauty , or even thought her pretty .
Janet asked wonderingly .
again Avery laughed .
Randall never notices what a woman has on .
I like a man who does notice and tells me about it .
I like a man who likes me better in silk than in drugget .
Janet paid little attention to this kind of raving .
Avery had always been more or less discontented .
she would be contented enough after she was married .
Janet was sure of that .
he was sixteen then he will be twenty-four now .
Janet had never liked being teased .
Avery laughed .
touchy people always get teased .
those two years he was here were the nicest , gayest time I ever had .
I wish he had stayed in Canada .
but of course he wouldn't do that .
his father was a rich man and Bruce was ambitious .
oh , Janet , I wish I could live in the old land .
Janet had heard all this before and could not understand it .
she had no hankering for either Scotland or England .
she loved the new land and its wild , virgin beauty .
she yearned to the future , never to the past .
it 's like reading a book for the twentieth time .
I know where I was born and who I 'll marry and where I 'll be buried .
that 's knowing too much .
all my days will be alike when I marry Randall .
there will never be anything unexpected or surprising about them .
Janet was stunned , and she did think that .
Avery bit into a nut-sweet apple .
I like him well enough .
I like him very well .
I won't be an old maid , and there 's nobody but Randall .
that 's settled and there 's no use making faces over the notion .
it 's just as well to let him think so , until we 're safely married anyhow .
Avery laughed again , and tossed away the core of her apple .
Janet , who had been very pale , went crimson and lovely .
she could not endure hearing Randall criticized .
he wouldn't let her shut me up !
come , Janet , don't look so woebegone .
I wouldn't have told you if I 'd thought you 'd take it so much to heart .
but Avery did not hear her , having picked up her basket of apples and gone .
she had never been so worried in her life .
she couldn't possibly love a brother more .
Janet could not bear the thought of Randall being hurt ; it made her fairly savage .
surely everyone must love Randall .
Randall could never fancy her a little plain , brown thing , only half grown .
nobody could think of her beside beautiful , rose-faced Avery .
Janet accepted this fact unquestioningly .
she had never been jealous .
she only felt that she wanted Randall to have everything he wanted to be perfectly happy .
there was nobody for her to marry and she didn't care .
Janet and Randall had had such fun over the cupboards .
Randall must marry Avery , and she must love him .
could anything be done to make her love him ?
that is , people who were not Sparhallows or Burnleys gave her that name .
Sparhallows or Burnleys , of course , were above believing in such nonsense .
there must be something in it .
she would go to Granny and ask her for a love potion to make Avery love Randall .
if Granny couldn't do any good , she couldn't do any harm .
Janet never lost much time in carrying out any resolution she made .
the next afternoon she slipped away to visit Granny Thomas .
she put on her longest dress and did her hair up for the first time .
granny must not think her a child .
she rowed herself down the long pond to the row of golden-brown sand dunes that parted it from the gulf .
it was a wonderful autumn day .
there were wild growths and colours and scents in sweet procession all around the pond .
every curve in it revealed some little whim of loveliness .
I wonder if anybody will be sorry when you die .
Janet felt a little cold thrill .
how did Granny know what she had come for ?
was she a real witch after all ?
for a moment she wished she hadn't come .
perhaps it was not right to tamper with the powers of darkness .
Peggy Buchanan was notoriously unhappy .
if Janet had known how to get herself away , she would have gone without asking for anything .
then a sound came from the lean-to behind the house .
but Janet smiled a little contemptuously .
she knew it was a pig and no devil .
granny Thomas was only an old fraud .
her awe passed away and left her cool Sparhallow .
granny removed her pipe and chuckled .
Janet shuddered .
that did not sound very nice .
granny noticed the shudder .
Janet was blushing again .
So Granny thought she wanted the charm for herself !
well , what did it matter ?
Randall was the only one to be considered .
she had not much money .
money was no plentiful thing on a P.E.I. farm in @number@
I like to see young folks happy .
Janet was cold again with anger .
she hated old Granny Thomas .
she would never come near her again .
but that 's the Sparhallow pride .
granny looked so angry that Janet hastened to appease her .
granny chuckled again .
she was vastly pleased to see a Sparhallow suing to her a Sparhallow !
Janet took the little box .
she wished she dared to go at once .
but perhaps this would anger Granny .
but I bear you no grudge .
Janet found herself outside with a relieved heart in her bosom and her little box in her hand .
for a moment she was tempted to throw it away .
but no Randall would be so unhappy if he found out Avery didn't love him !
Janet dropped her box into her pocket stealthily when she saw him .
but she thought she was happy because she had in her pocket what might make Avery love him .
there she was always at her best , with a delightful feeling of being understood .
she wondered if he noticed she had her hair done up .
her eyes shone and her brown face was full of rosy , kissable hues .
when he finally turned away homeward , life went flat .
Janet decided she was very tired after her long walk and her trying interview .
but it did not matter , since she had her love potion .
that night Janet rubbed mutton tallow on her hands .
she had never done that before she had thought it vain and foolish though Avery did it every night .
but that afternoon on the pond Randall had said something about the beautiful shape of her pretty slender hands .
he had never paid her a compliment before .
her hands were brown and a little hard not soft and white like Avery 's .
so Janet resorted to the mutton tallow .
having got her ointment , the next thing was to make use of it .
the two problems combined were almost too much for Janet .
she bided her chance like a watchful cat but it did not come .
two weeks went by and it had not come .
Janet was getting very desperate .
the wedding day was only a week away .
the bride 's cake was made and the turkeys fattened .
the invitations were sent out .
Janet 's own bridesmaid dress was ready .
and still the little pill box in the till of Janet 's blue chest was unopened .
then her chance came at last , unexpectedly .
it was a habit with her , hanging over from the early days of Randall 's courtship .
Janet went on into their room to tell Avery .
and lo , Avery was lying asleep on her bed , tired out from her busy day .
Janet , after one glance , flew to her chest .
she took out her pill box and opened it , a little fearfully .
the toad ointment was there , dark and unpleasant enough to view .
trembling with excitement , she brushed lightly the white lids of Avery 's eyes .
Avery stirred and opened them .
Janet guiltily thrust her pill box behind her .
Avery sat up , looking annoyed .
she had not expected Randall that evening and would greatly have preferred a continuance of her nap .
she went down crossly enough , but looking very lovely , flushed from sleep .
Janet stood in their room , clasping her cold hands nervously over her breast .
would the charm work ?
oh , she must know she must know .
she could not wait .
like a shadow she slipped up to the open parlour window and looked cautiously in between the white muslin curtains .
the young man in the parlour was not Randall Burnley .
and he was Bruce Gordon no doubt of that .
she had seen Avery 's face quite plainly had seen the look in her eyes .
Avery had never looked at Randall Burnley like that .
granny Thomas ' abominable ointment had worked all right and Avery had fallen in love with the wrong man .
Janet , cold with horror and remorse , dragged herself up to the window again and listened .
she must know she must be sure .
she could hear only a word here and there , but that word was enough .
I was such a boy .
there was a silence , and shameless Janet , peering above the window sill , saw what she saw .
it was enough .
she crept away upstairs to her room .
Janet sprang forward and caught Avery 's hand .
Avery had been listening , between amazement and anger .
now anger mastered amazement .
the idea of supposing that horrid old woman could give you love philtres !
but I thought he 'd forgotten me .
and tonight when he came I found he hadn't .
there 's the whole thing in a nutshell .
do you suppose I 'm worrying about Randall ?
I shall be perfectly happy with Bruce I would have been miserable with Randall .
if Avery did not sleep , neither did Janet .
she knew she must go to Randall Burnley tomorrow and break his heart .
and he must not know that he must not .
Janet could not bear that thought .
he came over to open the gate for Janet , smiling his dear smile .
she spoke out , with plainness and directness .
when you had to deal a mortal blow , why try to lighten it ?
a very curious change came over Randall 's face but not the change Janet had expected to see .
Janet wondered if she were dreaming .
granny Thomas ' love potion seemed to have turned the world upside down .
then Janet , feeling somehow as if she had died and then come back to life , found her tongue .
I did not think about you .
I wanted a wife and Avery was pretty .
I thought I was in love with her .
you must marry me next Wednesday , Janet we 'll have a double wedding .
Randall laughed the little , low laugh of the triumphant lover .
End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Lucy Maud Montgomery Short Stories , @number@ to @number@ by Lucy Maud Montgomery
Illustrations in Color by HARRISON CADY
LITTLE , BROWN , AND COMPANY
BOOKS BY THORNTON W BURGESS
THE ADVENTURES OF REDDY FOX @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF JOHNNY CHUCK @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF PETER COTTONTAIL @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF UNC ' BILLY POSSUM @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF MR . MOCKER @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF JERRY MUSKRAT @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF DANNY MEADOW MOUSE @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF GRANDFATHER FROG @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF CHATTERER , THE RED SQUIRREL @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF SAMMY JAY @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF BUSTER BEAR @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF OLD MR . TOAD @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF PRICKLY PORKY @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF OLD MAN COYOTE @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF PADDY THE BEAVER @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF BOBBY COON @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF JIMMY SKUNK @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF BOB WHITE @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF OL ' MISTAH BUZZARD
HAPPY JACK @number@
MRS PETER RABBIT @number@
BOWSER THE HOUND @number@
THE BURGESS BIRD BOOK FOR CHILDREN
THE BURGESS ANIMAL BOOK FOR CHILDREN
WHY UNC ' BILLY POSSUM PLAYS DEAD IV .
WHY PADDY THE BEAVER HAS A BROAD TAIL
HE WOULD MAKE NO REPLY , SAVE TO RUN OUT HIS TONGUE AT THEM
THE FIRST THING PETER LOOKED TO SEE WAS WHAT KIND OF A TAIL PADDY HAS
WHY STRIPED CHIPMUNK IS PROUD OF HIS STRIPES
they always beg him to stop and play with them , but often he refuses .
when he is feeling just right , he dearly loves to tell about those long-ago days .
do tell us about it !
it didn't worry him a bit , not a bit , that his coat was just plain brown .
he was perfectly satisfied with his little plain brown coat and took the best of care of it .
over in a little path in the meadow grass was walking old Mr Meadow Mouse .
he was strolling along as if there was nothing in the world to fear .
his eyes were yellow , and a hungry look was in them .
he thought a great deal of Mr Meadow Mouse , did little Mr Chipmunk .
of course big Mr Bob Cat looked up right away and saw little Mr Chipmunk sitting on the old stump .
then , with great leaps , he came straight for the old stump on which little Mr Chipmunk was sitting .
oh , my , no !
you see , there wasn't time to go anywhere else .
big Mr Bob Cat found the hole in the stump right away .
he snarled when he saw it .
little Mr Chipmunk was frightened almost to death .
yes , Sir , he was frightened almost to death .
he made himself just as flat as he could on the bottom of the hollow and held his breath .
when it did that , it tickled the claws of Mr Bob Cat .
Mr Bob Cat grinned .
it was an ugly grin to see .
then he reached in a little farther and made a grab for little Mr Chipmunk .
if it hadn't , Mr Bob Cat would surely have pulled him out .
after a long time , Mr Bob Cat gave up and went off , growling and snarling .
when he thought it was safe , little Mr Chipmunk crawled out of the old stump and hurried home .
he ached and smarted terribly , and his little plain brown coat was torn in long strips .
there was Mr Meadow Mouse playing with his children .
little Mr Chipmunk grinned as well as he could for the pain .
WHY PETER RABBIT CANNOT FOLD HIS HANDS
happy Jack Squirrel sat with his hands folded across his white waistcoat .
he is very fond of sitting with his hands folded that way .
a little way from him sat Peter Rabbit .
Peter was sitting up very straight , but his hands dropped right down in front .
happy Jack noticed it .
happy Jack watched him go , and there was a puzzled look in Happy Jack 's eyes .
yes , Sir , old Mr Rabbit was always getting into trouble .
old King Bear put on his blackest coat .
he didn't like to work any more than Peter Rabbit does now .
no , Sir , old Mr Rabbit was afraid of work .
the very sight of work scared old Mr Rabbit .
so his brown and gray coat always was rumpled and tumbled and dirty .
it was all weeds and brambles .
oh , dear !
he meant to have his home looking just as fine as he could make it .
Mr Rabbit was very fond of sitting with folded arms .
it was very comfortable .
but this was no time to be doing it , and Mr Skunk told him so .
she decided that Mr Rabbit should be punished very severely .
with a long stick she reached in and tickled the end of his nose .
he yawned and blinked , and then his eyes suddenly flew wide open with fright .
WHY UNC ' BILLY POSSUM PLAYS DEAD
it was just so with Peter Rabbit and Johnny Chuck and Striped Chipmunk .
the more they talked about it , the more they wanted to know .
they always tried to run away .
Johnny Chuck took his time , for he knew that he could not keep up with the others .
grandfather Frog chuckled .
grandfather Frog scowled at Peter .
grandfather Frog cleared his throat and began again .
I never knew it to fail .
Just here Grandfather Frog paused and looked very hard at Peter Rabbit .
old Mr Possum was very sympathetic and seemed to be doing his very best to find the lost meal .
my , my , but his temper did boil over !
it certainly did .
pretty soon he met Mr Panther .
he was very polite to Mr Panther .
he was too frightened to run , so he scrambled up a tree .
Mr Panther didn't dare go out there , so he just shook the branch .
and then a bright idea struck him : he would try the same trick whenever he was caught .
besides , it is always such a joke .
WHY REDDY FOX WEARS RED
of course that wasn't a nice thing to do , not a bit nice .
you see , Reddy Fox wouldn't run the risk of tearing his handsome red coat on the brambles .
besides , they scratched terribly .
Reddy Fox is very spry !
Peter watched him out of sight .
Peter looked up .
there was saucy , pert , little Jenny Wren fussing around in one of the old bramble bushes .
Jenny Wren looked very hard at Peter with her sharp eyes .
you certainly are slow , Peter Rabbit .
I haven't time to tell you about it now .
Jenny Wren 's busy tongue had set that curiosity fairly boiling over .
he just couldn't sit still for wondering and wondering why Reddy Fox wears a red coat .
he had never thought anything about it before , but now he couldn't get it out of his head .
he just had to know .
there he found Grandfather Frog setting on his big green lily-pad , just as usual .
of course Peter promised , and settled himself comfortably to listen .
and this is the story that Grandfather Frog told :
yes , Sir , Mr Fox was very polite .
grandfather Frog stopped a minute and looked very hard at Peter after he said this , and Peter looked uncomfortable .
sometimes it was of worse things that were told in whispers .
mother Nature called all the people of the forest and the meadows together .
you see , she knew that Mrs Quack 's home was right at the foot of a red claybank .
she didn't say a word until everybody had paid their respects and passed before her .
he glanced at his coat .
it was bright red !
but his heart never did change , and his children and his children 's children were just like him .
Peter Rabbit drew a long breath .
Jenny Wren was right .
WHY JIMMY SKUNK NEVER HURRIES
they knew what he was doing that for .
they knew that he was looking for fat beetles for his breakfast .
who is it never , never worries ?
he sat up very straight , so as to hear better .
of course some of the Merry Little Breezes saw him right away .
who is it sometimes loudly thumps ?
who is it dearly loves to play , But when there 's danger runs away ?
Peter grinned good-naturedly .
away they all hurried to the Smiling Pool .
he was more like his cousins , Mr Weasel and Mr Mink .
he was just as quick moving as they were .
yes , Sir , Mr Skunk was very lively on his feet .
they just snarled at him and passed without offering to touch him .
then he made a discovery .
it wasn't long before Mr Skunk saw that in their hurry they overlooked a great deal .
in fact , by just following after them slowly , he found all he wanted to eat .
but Mr Skunk didn't mind .
he went right on about his business .
and he never hurried , because he found that it paid best to go slowly .
in that way he never missed any of the good things that his hurrying , worrying neighbors did .
so he grew fatter and fatter , while others grew thinner .
after a while he almost forgot how to run .
being fat and never hurrying or worrying made him good-natured .
then suddenly he made a face .
and away he went , lipperty-lipperty-lip .
WHY SAMMY JAY HAS A FINE COAT
Sammy Jay has a very fine coat , a very beautiful coat .
everybody knows that .
they are not beautiful at all .
Peter Rabbit often had thought about it .
you don't mean to say so !
Peter grinned and wrinkled his nose at Grandfather Frog .
grandfather Frog chuckled until he shook all over .
grandfather Frog suddenly swelled out with indignation .
what 's the matter with the coat I have got , Peter Rabbit ?
tell me that !
grandfather Frog glared with his great , goggly eyes at Peter .
I just love it !
and I should think you would be ever so proud of your white and yellow waistcoat .
grandfather Frog chuckled way down deep in his throat .
grandfather Frog settled himself comfortably on his big green lily-pad and looked very hard at Peter .
in the first place , Sammy Jay is not wholly to blame for all his bad habits .
Peter nodded .
his bad habits had become fixed , as bad habits have a way of doing .
Peter nodded .
he grew more sly and crafty than ever .
but in spite of this , he didn't begin to make as much trouble as before .
he couldn't , you know , because of his bright coat .
it is a great mistake , a very great mistake .
WHY JERRY MUSKRAT BUILDS HIS HOUSE IN THE WATER
but Jerry was nowhere to be seen .
they waited and waited , but no Jerry Muskrat .
Johnny Chuck scratched his head thoughtfully .
but then , Jerry Muskrat is a funny fellow .
you know how much of the time he stays in the water .
that seems funny to me .
I 've found that there is a reason for most things .
Peter Rabbit suddenly brightened up .
grandfather Frog saw them coming , and he guessed right away that they were coming for a story .
he grinned to himself and pretended to go to sleep .
grandfather Frog didn't answer .
Johnny tried again , and still no reply .
Peter looked at Grandfather Frog sharply .
he wasn't so sure that that was a real nap .
now just at that place on the bank was growing a toadstool .
Peter looked over at Johnny Chuck and winked .
of course he didn't see it coming , and of course it gave him a great start .
grandfather Frog , afraid of a toadstool !
Peter nudged Johnny Chuck .
then some of the animals began to spend most of their time on the land .
but it was of no use .
Peter nodded .
Peter Rabbit drew a long breath , which was almost a sigh .
WHY OLD MAN COYOTE HAS MANY VOICES
no , Sir , he wouldn't have believed you .
and you couldn't have blamed him .
he just couldn't help it .
and with that the Merry Little Breezes indignantly raced away to spread the news all over the Green Meadows .
suddenly Peter saw a dark form skulking among the Black Shadows .
and now Peter had to believe his eyes rather than his ears .
it was hard , very hard , to believe , but it was so .
this sounded so much like a story that Peter straightway teased Grandfather Frog to tell him all about it .
at last , to get rid of him and enjoy a little quiet and peace , Grandfather Frog did so .
he was just as smart and just as clever .
Mr Coyote was another whom it made sly and cunning .
and yet he liked the same things to eat .
in this way , he managed to get many meals of scraps .
it would do no harm to try .
so Mr Coyote put his nose up in the air and howled .
Mr Lynx looked up and grinned .
he had no fear of Mr Coyote .
Mr Lynx stopped eating and looked up a little surprised .
a minute later Mr Coyote howled again from the place where he had howled in the first place .
Mr Lynx grew anxious and lost his appetite .
with that he started to sneak away .
Mr Lynx gave a hurried look over his shoulder and began to run .
WHY MINER THE MOLE LIVES UNDER GROUND
Striped Chipmunk sat staring at a little ridge where the grass was raised up .
he had often seen little ridges like that without thinking much about them .
he had known that ever since he was big enough to begin to ask questions .
the voice was so close to Striped Chipmunk that it made him jump .
he whirled about .
Johnny grinned .
Striped Chipmunk made a face at Johnny .
Striped Chipmunk pointed to the ridge made by Miner .
Johnny Chuck scratched his head thoughtfully .
of course there must be a reason .
on the way they met Jimmy Skunk and Danny Meadow Mouse .
he looked up and winked at jolly , round , bright Mr Sun .
Danny hung his head and resolved that he would bite his tongue before he asked another question .
he wasn't so very different from a lot of other animals .
food was plenty , and everybody was on the best of terms with everybody else .
Mr Mole lived just as the rest did .
everybody liked him , and whenever he made a call , he was sure of a welcome .
but one thing Mr Mole never did ; he never meddled in other people 's affairs .
no , Sir , Mr Mole never poked his nose in where he had no business .
they grew harder and harder .
food was scarce and kept growing more scarce .
everybody was hungry , and you know how it is with hungry people they grow ugly and quarrelsome .
I believe he would have eaten me , if I hadn't crawled into an old hollow stump .
now I can't run fast , because my legs are too short .
I can't climb trees like Mr Squirrel , and I can't swim like Mr Muskrat .
he was awakened by hearing voices outside .
he knew those voices right away .
they were the voices of Mr Fox and Mr Badger .
oh , dear , oh , dear !
he would make a little tunnel off one side and hide in that .
if he had a lot of these underground tunnels , no one would be able to catch him .
it was a splendid idea !
he went to work on it at once .
and then he made a discovery such a splendid discovery !
there was plenty of food to eat right down under ground worms and grubs all he needed .
after that , Mr Mole spent all his time in his tunnels and seldom put his nose outside .
just then up came Peter Rabbit , all out of breath .
WHY MR . SNAKE CANNOT WINK
Peter Rabbit and Johnny Chuck were playing tag on the Green Meadows .
but he didn't .
no , Sir , Peter Rabbit didn't do anything of the kind .
it was great fun .
they raced and dodged and twisted and turned .
sometimes Peter was so excited that he would forget and use all four legs .
of course Peter Rabbit and Johnny Chuck were not afraid of him .
if it had been Mr Rattlesnake or Mr Gophersnake , it would have been different .
when he did that , Peter always winked good-naturedly .
but Mr Greensnake never winked back .
then Peter would laugh and wink at him again .
he mentioned the matter to Johnny Chuck .
finally they gave up asking him .
his eyes twinkled as Peter and Johnny very politely wished him good morning .
of course he wasn't old then .
he was young and spry and smart , was Mr Snake .
that was the trouble with Mr Snake .
yes , Sir , that was the trouble with Mr Snake .
grandfather Frog shook his head gravely .
at night he would go home and chuckle over his smartness .
from cheating , Mr Snake just naturally slipped to stealing .
yes , Sir , he became a thief .
of course that made trouble right away , but still no one suspected Mr Snake .
he was always very polite to every one and always offering to do favors for his neighbors .
when he was telling a lie , he would wink one eye .
she had all the little people come before her in turn and tell their troubles .
when it came Mr Snake 's turn , he had no complaint to make .
he seemed to be the only one who had no troubles .
you see , it had become a habit .
he hadn't been talking three minutes before she knew who was at the bottom of all the trouble .
Mr Snake was very bold .
he held his head very high in the air and pretended not to care .
Peter Rabbit drew a long breath .
WHY BOBBY COON HAS RINGS ON HIS TAIL
Peter Rabbit would give Grandfather Frog no peace .
every day Peter visited the Smiling Pool to tease Grandfather Frog for a story for one particular story .
he wanted to know why it is that Bobby Coon wears rings on his tail .
you see , Peter had admired Bobby Coon 's tail for a long time .
but it wasn't envy so much as curiosity that prompted Peter to tease for that story .
Bobby Coon 's tail is very handsome , you know .
some folks seem to think that what they do doesn't matter to anybody but themselves .
but it wasn't so .
they spoiled his supper .
yes , Sir , they spoiled his supper .
then he washed his face and brushed his coat .
Mr Coon used to think a great deal about that tail and wish and wish that it was handsome .
sometimes he used to envy Mr Fox his beautiful red tail with its black and white tip .
then he sighed .
Mr Coon watched her out of sight .
every one began to grumble .
Mr Bear grumbled .
Mr Fox grumbled .
Mr Rabbit grumbled .
Mr Jay grumbled .
Mr Squirrel grumbled .
even Mr Chuck grumbled .
then they began to quarrel among themselves and to steal from each other .
whenever he met one of his grumbling neighbors , he would say :
better times coming !
Peter gave a long sigh .
and then he wondered why everybody laughed .
WHY THERE IS A BLACK HEAD IN THE BUZZARD FAMILY
everybody looked surprised .
Peter Rabbit pricked up his ears .
this sounded like another story .
there would be no harm in trying .
everybody laughed , for everybody knows that no one asks more questions than Peter Rabbit .
but he didn't mean to give up just because he was laughed at .
oh , my , no !
everybody looked at Peter and laughed .
Peter made a funny face and laughed too .
yes , Sah , she sho'ly was plumb scared .
a little sigh of satisfaction went around the circle of listeners .
as usual , Peter Rabbit was the first to speak .
WHY BUSTER BEAR APPEARS TO HAVE NO TAIL
Peter Rabbit had something new to bother his bump of curiosity .
and it did bother it a lot .
no , Sir , it wasn't one of these .
it was the fact that Buster Bear seemed to have no tail !
Peter couldn't get over that .
he almost pitied Buster Bear .
he has always been rather ashamed of the funny little one he has himself .
still , it is a real tail , and he has often comforted himself with that thought .
he was still thinking about this when he started for home .
grandfather Frog cleared his throat two or three times .
Peter nodded and Grandfather Frog went on .
at first , before he was made king of the Green Forest , he didn't mind this at all .
in fact , he was rather pleased that he didn't have a tail .
he grew so fat that when he walked , he puffed and wheezed .
grandfather Frog 's eyes twinkled as he said this , and Peter looked very much embarrassed .
but he didn't say anything , so Grandfather Frog went on .
the more he tried not to think of these tails , the more he did think of them .
he didn't stop to think that probably all of them had use for their tails .
no , Sir , he didn't think of that .
everybody else had a tail , and he hadn't .
when she asked him what the matter was , he was ashamed to tell her at first .
nothing that she could say made any difference he wanted a tail .
finally she gave him one .
he spent all his spare time admiring his new tail .
but it wasn't long before he found that his new tail was very much in the way .
it bothered him when he walked .
it was in the way when he sat down .
it was a nuisance when he climbed a tree .
worse still , he overheard little Mr Squirrel and Mr Possum making fun of it .
that she left as a reminder lest he should forget the lesson he had learned and should again grow envious .
WHY FLITTER THE BAT FLIES AT NIGHT
he just had to .
if I could , I wouldn't spend all my time flying around the way Flitter does .
I 'd go on long journeys and see the Great World .
I never see him in the daytime , and I don't even know where he keeps himself .
now you know that once Peter Rabbit 's curiosity is aroused , it just has to be satisfied .
if he wasn't feeling good-natured , it would be of no use to ask him for a story .
when Peter reached the Smiling Pool he was disappointed , terribly disappointed .
the big green lily-pad was there , but there was no one sitting on it .
Peter 's face showed just how disappointed he felt .
he was just going to turn away when a great , deep voice said :
it was Grandfather Frog himself , having his morning swim .
you came over here just to ask me for a story .
I know you , Peter !
I know you !
Peter sat still and tried not to show how impatient he felt .
grandfather Frog took his time .
it was one of Grandfather Frog 's little jokes .
he did it just to tease Peter .
he had found out what he had wanted to know , but he hadn't had a story .
finally Peter sighed , and it was such a heavy sigh !
then very slowly he turned his back on the Smiling Pool and started to hop away .
he could just flop about on the ground , and was almost helpless .
at first , Mr Bat didn't know what to do .
that would look as if he were ungrateful for her kindness in giving him the wings .
it was just the place to rest and think .
so he rested , and while he rested , he thought and thought .
when he got outside , he found that Mr Sun had gone to bed .
so had all the birds , except Mr Owl and Mr Nighthawk .
then Mr Bat had a very pleasant surprise .
by being very smart and quick he caught a few before it was too dark for him to see .
they didn't fill his stomach , but they kept him from starving .
Peter grinned .
WHY SPOTTY THE TURTLE CARRIES HIS HOUSE WITH HIM
Spotty the Turtle sat on an old log on the bank of the Smiling Pool , taking a sun-bath .
he had sat that way for the longest time without once moving .
a sudden thought struck Peter .
he couldn't remember that he ever had seen Spotty 's house .
Spotty slowly turned his head and looked up at Peter .
with that Spotty disappeared .
that is to say , his head and legs and tail disappeared .
Peter stared very hard .
his house was with him , and now he had simply retired inside .
Ho , ho , ho !
as he says , he is always at home .
he doesn't have to run away at all !
I never thought of that before .
as usual , Grandfather Frog was sitting on his big green lily-pad .
you 've kept me waiting a long time , Peter Rabbit .
I don't like to be kept waiting .
Peter was so surprised that he couldn't find his tongue .
you see , it seemed to Peter as if Grandfather Frog had read his very thoughts .
Peter wondered if he meant him , for you know Peter is a great gossip .
almost everything to-day is the result of things that happened in those long-ago days .
if he had had , he would have been saved a great deal of trouble and worry .
for a long time everybody lived at peace with everybody else .
now Mr Turtle , living in the Smiling Pool , had plenty to eat .
he had nothing to worry about on that score .
grandfather Frog winked at Jerry Muskrat , who was listening , and Jerry nodded his head .
he was too slow and awkward to run or to fight .
the only thing he could do was to keep out of sight as much as possible .
at first he was annoyed and started to shake it off .
so she began to study how she could help Mr Turtle .
one day she came up behind him just as he sat down to rest .
you see , he didn't notice that Grandfather Frog was listening when he asked Spotty about his house .
WHY PADDY THE BEAVER HAS A BROAD TAIL
usually the thing that interests us most is something that we haven't got ourselves .
it is that way with Peter Rabbit .
Peter is not naturally envious .
oh , my , no !
can you guess what it is ?
well , it is his tail .
yes , Sir , that is the one thing that ever really troubles Peter .
what would you do with a big tail , if you had one ?
it would always be in your way .
after he heard that , Peter felt better .
he just stared and stared .
he hardly noticed the wonderful dam or the equally wonderful canals which Paddy had made .
grandfather Frog 's big , goggly eyes twinkled .
Peter looked a bit sheepish , but he said nothing and waited patiently .
presently Grandfather Frog cleared his throat two or three times and began to talk .
grandfather Frog looked at Peter severely , and Peter hastened to beg his pardon .
after a long time Grandfather Frog began again .
that is how he first came to think of making a dam and a pond .
that made him think harder than ever .
the more sticks he added , the bigger the pool grew .
Mr Beaver had discovered what a dam is for and how to build it .
yes , Siree , cutting down trees is the hardest kind of hard work .
in those days he had a tail very much like the tail of Jerry Muskrat .
she saw the new dam and the new pond , and she asked Mr Beaver who had made them .
he told her that he had and explained why .
she just passed the time of day with him and then sat down to watch him cut a tree .
he had a new tail !
it was broad and thick and flat .
it wasn't like any tail he had ever seen or heard of .
then was Mr Beaver very happy , and to show how happy he was , he worked harder than ever .
TO THE MEMORY OF Aunt Mary Lawson WHO TOLD ME MANY OF THE TALES REPEATED BY THE STORY GIRL
once upon a time we all walked on the golden road .
we had been having a splendid game of Blind-Man 's Buff .
what remarkable goose said that love is blind ?
it was really the Story Girl 's idea and none of mine .
but she had insisted that I should make the suggestion as coming wholly from myself .
everyone looked rather blank and amazed , except the Story Girl .
she knew what she had to do , and she did it .
felicity fired up , exactly as we had hoped .
I guess we could do better than that .
the Story Girl could hide her delight only by dropping her eyes and frowning .
no , Felicity , you needn't say it .
I know exactly what you want to say , so save your breath to cool your porridge .
Cecily threw a deprecating glance at the Story Girl and Felicity .
then , meeting the contempt in the latter 's gaze , she raised her head with unusual spirit .
there must be no shirking .
Felix will edit the jokes and the Information Bureau , and Cecily must be fashion editor .
yes , you must , Sis .
and the Story Girl will attend to the personals .
they 're very important .
Peter , in his secret soul , was dismayed , but he would not blanch before Felicity .
we must all do our best .
I felt that I had worked in two quotations with striking effect .
the others , with the exception of the Story Girl , looked suitably impressed .
I had forgotten Sara Ray .
nobody , except Cecily , ever did remember Sara Ray unless she was on the spot .
but we decided to put her in as advertising manager .
that sounded well and really meant very little .
he had been moody ever since he was entrapped into being fiction editor .
we pricked up our ears , scenting a story .
I asked .
I exclaimed incredulously .
he was sitting by the spring , writing in his brown book .
on this particular day it was nearly three months since they had met .
the Story Girl couldn't deny this , so she evaded the ethical side of the question skilfully .
if you don't want to hear it you needn't listen , of course .
there wouldn't be many stories to tell if nobody ever did anything she shouldn't do .
so it was a good half-hour before Ursula said ,
you said in your letter that you had something important to talk of .
she turned pale and burst into tears .
come , Ursula , you know there 's no other way .
we 've always known it must come to this .
YOUR father will never forgive me for MY father .
you won't fail me now .
think of the long parting if you send me away alone on such a voyage .
I am not but I shall be there in the fir grove behind the house , with two horses .
when the dancing is at its height you 'll steal out to meet me .
she agreed to run away with him .
yes , of course that was wrong , too , Felicity .
but she didn't .
I 'd have done the same .
and when Friday night came she began to dress for the dance with a brave heart .
and she had good reason for being vain .
growing very pale , she ran out into the hall .
in the hall below Ursula saw her step-mother , looking troubled and vexed .
Ursula had always hated him .
he says that you met Kenneth MacNair in the beechgrove last Tuesday .
tell him he lies !
she looked scornfully at poor Ramsay .
back to your room and stay there !
take off that finery .
you go to no more dances .
you shall stay in that room until I choose to let you out .
I 'll put you there if you don't go .
her first proceeding was to have a cry of anger and shame and disappointment .
he will think I have failed him and he will go away hot with anger against me .
if I could only send a word of explanation I know he would not leave me .
oh , I shall go mad !
if the window were not so high I would jump out of it .
at sunset Ursula heard hoof-beats and ran to the window .
Andrew Kinnear of The Springs was tying his horse at the door .
he was a dashing young fellow , and a political crony of old Hugh .
no doubt he would be at the dance that night .
then she softly opened her window and waited .
fortunately old Hugh did not come to the door with him .
Andrew looked up at her window .
Andrew , looking somewhat puzzled , picked up the ball , sprang to his saddle , and galloped off .
but would Andrew understand ?
and would he be at the dance after all ?
time had never seemed so long to Ursula .
she could not rest or sleep .
it was midnight before she heard the patter of a handful of gravel on her window-panes .
in a trice she was leaning out .
your father is in bed .
the horses are there .
slip down and out , Ursula .
I 'm locked in .
oh , of course she shouldn't have said anything of the sort , Felicity .
but you see people had no etiquette departments in those days .
I asked .
the air was simply charged with secrets .
everybody was very penurious for weeks beforehand and hoards were counted scrutinizingly every day .
felicity was in her element , for she and her mother were deep in preparations for the day .
Cecily took this to heart and complained to me about it .
his mother had wanted him home with her .
of course she can't help it , but it ain't cheerful .
aunt Jane wouldn't have cried .
I wouldn't think that would make her very fond of it .
we had an exciting time opening our presents .
when I 'm dressed in red I always feel ever so much cleverer than in any other colour .
thoughts just crowd into my brain one after the other .
she flung it over her shoulder and danced around the kitchen .
but I 'll try .
a new book , just out of a shop , wouldn't be the same thing at all .
I consider it a great compliment that he has given me this book .
but Peter was perfectly satisfied , so nobody cast any blight on his happiness by carping criticism .
Pat did not care for vain adornments of the body .
and in the evening oh , rapture and delight ! we went to Kitty Marr 's party .
you 'd break their spirits , too , if you wore the slippers .
don't do it , Sara .
felicity and Peter walked not with us .
Peter 's cup must surely have brimmed over that Christmas night .
and Felicity , much to our amazement , had taken his arm and marched off with him .
the primness of her was indescribable , and was not at all ruffled by Dan 's hoot of derision .
perhaps it was that aeolian harmony which recalled to the Story Girl a legend of elder days .
would you like to hear it ?
I 'd frighten myself too much .
this story is about one of the shepherds who saw the angels on the first Christmas night .
on the first Christmas night he was out with his fellow shepherds on the hills .
it was chill and dark , and all , except him , were glad to gather around the fire .
I guess she 'll be cross .
it 's the first we 've all spent together .
Cecily tossed her head and disdained reply .
if we did not have a white Christmas we had a white New Year .
slowly the splendour died , giving place to the mystic beauty of a winter twilight when the moon is rising .
the hollow sky was a cup of blue .
it was Dan 's turn next .
I asked , surprised .
the Story Girl coloured and nodded .
felicity tossed her beautiful golden head .
Sara was rather fond of a big word , but did not always get hold of the right one .
Peter nodded shamefacedly .
but still Mrs Davidson smiled .
Sara consented to this amendment .
I asked .
but Felicity shot a furious glance at him .
Dear knows where we 'll all be this night next year .
Sara Ray shook her head forlornly .
is it my turn again ?
well , I 'll resolve not to worry because my hair is not curly .
I 'm not going to make any more .
I fear the romantic beauty of that silver shining night was entirely thrown away on my mischievous brother .
the Story Girl and I read it turnabout while the others , except Felix , ate apples .
it opened with a short
with this number Our Magazine makes its first bow to the public .
all the editors have done their best and the various departments are full of valuable information and amusement .
Mr Peter Craig , our enterprising literary editor , contributes a touching love story .
Miss Cecily King contributes a thrilling article of adventure .
but we shall not rest on our oars .
we trust that each succeeding issue will be better than the one that went before .
we are well aware of many defects , but it is easier to see them than to remedy them .
Shakespeare 's full name was William Shakespeare .
he did not always spell it the same way .
his plays are written in dialogue form .
some people think they were not written by Shakespeare but by another man of the same name .
there are some things in them I cannot understand .
I like the stories of Valeria H Montague in the Family Guide ever so much better .
they are more exciting and truer to life .
Romeo and Juliet was one of the plays I read .
it was very sad .
Juliet dies and I don't like stories where people die .
I like it better when they all get married especially to dukes and earls .
Shakespeare himself was married to Anne Hatheway .
they are both dead now .
he was a very famous man .
THE STORY OF AN ELOPEMENT FROM CHURCH
this is a true story .
it happened in Markdale to an uncle of my mothers .
he wanted to marry Miss Jemima Parr .
my mothers uncle was named Thomas Taylor .
but mothers uncle Thomas was too cute for that .
my mothers uncle Thomas went too and set in the pew just behind Miss Jemima Parrs family .
he just borroed it and sent it home the next day .
and they lived happy together forever afterwards .
Mothers uncle Thomas lived to be a very old man .
he felt quite well when he went to sleep and when he woke up he was dead .
MY MOST EXCITING ADVENTURE
the editor says we must all write up our most exciting adventure for Our Magazine .
my most exciting adventure happened a year ago last November .
I was nearly frightened to death .
it happened the night I went down to see Kitty Marr .
I thought when I went that Aunt Olivia was visiting there and I could come home with her .
but she wasn't there and I had to come home alone .
I had to go on alone thinking of it .
it was so dark .
you could just see things dim-like but you couldn't see what they were .
and it kept jumping about from one side of the bridge to the other .
oh , I hope none of my readers will ever be so frightened as I was then .
and there was me sitting in the middle of the bridge and that awful thing beside me .
but the Cowans do such queer things .
you remember the time Jerry Cowan sold us God 's picture .
I couldn't sleep all night and I never want to have any more adventures like that one .
Mr Peter Craig thinks he saw the Family Ghost on Christmas Eve .
but the rest of us think all he saw was the white calf with the red tail .
Patrick Grayfur , Esq , was indisposed yesterday , but seems to be enjoying his usual health to-day .
she is really our great-aunt .
we have never seen her but we are told she is very deaf and does not like children .
so Aunt Janet says we must make ourselves scarece when she comes .
I 'll bet it was Dan .
we all helped pick them .
the bread was sour last week because mother wouldn't take my advice .
I told her it was too warm for it in the corner behind the stove .
Miss Felicity King invented a new recete for date cookies recently , which everybody said were excelent .
ANXIOUS INQUIRER : if you want to remove inkstains place the stain over steam and apply salt and lemon juice .
S-r-a : no , it isn't polite to cry all the time .
knitted mufflers are much more stylish than crocheted ones this winter .
it is nice to have one the same colour as your cap .
Em Frewen 's grandma knits hers for her .
the new winter hats at Markdale are very pretty .
it is so exciting to pick a hat .
boys can't have that fun .
their hats are so much alike .
this is a true joke and really happened .
there was an old local preacher in New Brunswick one time whose name was Samuel Clask .
he used to preach and pray and visit the sick just like a regular minister .
DAN : do porpoises grow on trees or vines ?
they inhabit the deep sea .
what harmless , happy fooling it all was !
blow high , blow low , no wind can ever quench the ruddy glow of that faraway winter night in our memories .
but disappointment was our portion .
we had been expecting Great-aunt Eliza 's advent for some weeks , for she was visiting relatives in Markdale .
she 's deaf as a post and we 'll have to split our throats to make her hear at all .
she has buried three husbands .
felicity opened it .
a slightly bewildered look appeared on Aunt Eliza 's face .
felicity perceived she had not spoken loudly enough .
but of course it was impossible .
felicity shouted our names and Great-aunt Eliza shook hands all round .
she performed the duty grimly and I concluded I must have been mistaken about the twinkle .
I expect it was burying so many husbands turned her hair white .
it gives her indigestion .
the latter , however , took it in all good faith .
it says it 's adding insult to injury to do it .
she 's a fearful old gossip .
I 'll make the rusks myself .
she hates cats , so we mustn't let Paddy be seen .
she looks so much friendlier than I expected .
of course she 'll choose the five-cent section .
you better go in and show her the photographs in the album .
we 've left her alone too long now .
accordingly we all filed in rather reluctantly .
that smile bothered me .
but I felt indignant with her .
I thought she might have shown a little more appreciation of Cecily 's gallant efforts to entertain .
it was very dull for the rest of us .
but presently a little amusement came our way .
it was too good fun to give up .
this is a nephew of Mr Ambrose Marr 's .
this is Mrs Alexander Scott of Markdale .
he never tasted rum in his life .
this is Mr Lemuel Goodridge .
uncle Roger says the drawing string has fell out of it .
our wild guffaws of laughter penetrated even Great-aunt Eliza 's deafness , and she glanced up with a startled face .
he went into the spare room and walked all over Aunt Eliza 's things on the bed .
you can see his tracks plain as plain .
the rusks were especially good and Great-aunt Eliza ate three of them and praised them .
apart from that she said little and during the first part of the meal we sat in embarrassed silence .
the Governor 's wife who lives there now is a relation of our own .
she is a second cousin of father 's but we 've never seen her .
her name was Agnes Clark .
I asked .
she got over being in love with him .
I guess she was pretty fickle .
Ma was twice as good-looking as Agnes Clark .
Agnes was a sight for freckles , so Aunt Olivia says .
but she and father remained real good friends .
I saw him at the Markdale picnic two years ago .
our guest , whose face was certainly very much flushed , shook her head .
but her voice had the effect of making us uncomfortable .
there was a queer , uncertain little sound in it .
was Great-aunt Eliza laughing at us ?
we looked at her sharply but her face was very solemn .
only her eyes had a suspicious appearance .
somehow , we did not talk much more the rest of the meal .
when it was over Great-aunt Eliza said she was very sorry but she must really go .
but it wasn't the last of it not by any manner of means was it !
we all stared at her .
she had tea with us at Aunt Louisa 's .
we met her on her way back to Charlottetown and she told us she was .
she had enjoyed it , as we learned the next day , when a letter came from her .
and the Governor wants you to put his name on the quilt square , too , in the ten-cent section .
and Felicity , your rusks were perfection .
do send me your recipe for them , there 's a darling .
AGNES CLARK LESLEY .
aunt Janet stared at her pretty daughter blankly .
then amazement gave place to horror .
that stuff was TOOTH-POWDER , that 's what it was .
she forgot to take it when she went away and I put it on that top shelf .
poor , poor Felicity !
WE VISIT COUSIN MATTIE'S
one Saturday in March we walked over to Baywater , for a long-talked-of visit to Cousin Mattie Dilke .
Poor Felicity used to get hopelessly furious over it .
uncle Alec was dubious about our going that day .
he always had his pockets full of nuts and apples .
I used to like going there better when he was alive .
the Story Girl swallowed something and went on .
this was when Grandfather King was alive .
uncle Roger said he looked as if he had been stealing sheep .
he sat for a whole hour in the kitchen and hardly spoke a word , but just looked miserable .
so grandfather took him into the spare room and shut that door .
he was getting frightened .
but Cecily was such a darling that we did not mind her lack of a sense of humour .
we had our expected good dinner at Cousin Mattie 's may it be counted unto her for righteousness .
she and her sisters-in-law , Miss Louisa Jane and Miss Caroline , were very kind to us .
WE VISIT PEG BOWEN
we could hardly face the stinging snow , and we could not see ten feet ahead of us .
it had turned bitterly cold and the tempest howled all around us in white desolation under the fast-darkening night .
our plight had come upon us so suddenly that we could not realize it .
presently Peter , who was leading the van because he was supposed to know the path best , stopped .
we all stopped and huddled together in a miserable group .
fear filled our hearts .
Cecily began to cry with cold .
Dan , in spite of her protests , dragged off his overcoat and made her put it on .
the snow ain't so deep yet .
take hold of my hand , Cecily .
we must all hold together .
it was almost pitch dark now , and the snow grew deeper every moment .
we were chilled to the heart .
but we were wholly lost now .
all around us was a horror of great darkness .
suddenly Felicity fell .
would we ever see it again ?
Cecily , too , was reeling against me .
I had read somewhere that people had thus saved their lives in snowstorms .
suddenly Felix gave a shout .
we all looked but could see nothing .
Inspired with fresh hope we hurried after him .
soon we all saw the light and never shone a fairer beacon .
well , yez HAVE got some snow on yez .
let me get a broom .
in our wildest flights of fancy we had never pictured ourselves as guests at the witch 's hearth-stone .
no more protests were made .
we had heard much of Peg 's pets and now we saw them .
we had heard that a sailor had given Peg the monkey .
but where had she got the skull ?
I could not help puzzling over these gruesome questions .
but it was not an agreeable meal in more ways than one .
Peg was not at all careful of anybody 's feelings .
Felix looked uncommonly foolish .
I knew her well .
your father had some money but he was a tramp like meself .
Folks is too ready to call other folks crazy .
then she looked poor Felicity over critically .
Cecily 's lip trembled and Dan 's face turned crimson .
I think my jaw dropped .
I know Peter 's and Felix 's did .
felicity broke in wildly .
he 's got SUCH a temper that 's just the way he talks to us all at home .
some folks said he did it for a dare .
if she meant to make the flesh creep on our bones she succeeded .
the black cat was her favourite .
I tore that yesterday but I didn't mend it .
this was news to us .
we felt and looked dazed .
she 's a great fool .
but one good thing is she ain't going to marry that Henry Jacobs of Markdale .
he wants her bad enough .
he chased me off his place with his dog once .
Peg looked very savage , and visions of burned barns floated through our minds .
I haven't been to Carlisle church for over three years .
I thought I 'd a-died laughing the last time I was there .
old Elder Marr took up the collection that day .
and every time the boots squeaked the elder made a face , like he had toothache .
was there anything Peg didn't know ?
the best is none too good for me .
I 'm short of change just now not being as rich as Queen Victory .
but I never know what to answer .
Peg put her pipe back in her mouth and began to smoke fiercely .
the most grotesque shadow of Peg flickered over the wall behind her .
the one-eyed cat remitted his grim watch and went to sleep .
outside the wind screamed like a ravening beast at the window .
I felt horribly frightened of her .
a wild light was in her eyes , a furtive , animal-like expression was on her face .
when she spoke it was in a different voice and in different language .
nobody knows what the wind is .
I mightn't be so afraid of the wind if I knew what it was .
I am afraid of it .
when the blasts come like that I want to crouch down and hide me .
everything else is subject to some law , but the wind is FREE .
Peg 's voice rose almost to a shriek .
none of us dared speak or move .
it was quite empty , save for a pile of fire wood and another of clean straw .
we four boys snuggled down in the straw .
the poor girls were not so fortunate .
four things prevented them from sleeping .
indeed , they were sure they heard him skirmishing about several times .
she gave us breakfast stiff oatmeal porridge without milk , and a boiled egg apiece .
no wonder Dan said hastily ,
it 's only three-quarters of a mile .
but the girls wouldn't listen to this .
they must go with us , even Cecily .
but she relented again at the last and gave Cecily a wishbone .
felicity hesitated .
oh , yes , it 's very easy for you all to laugh !
I don't want to see any father coming home , and you 'd better believe it .
we all felt rather weary , somehow .
we were glad when we found ourselves at home .
miss Felicity King .
Mr Felix King .
Mr Peter Craig .
miss Sara Ray .
the editor wishes to make a few remarks about the Resolution Honour Roll .
so we have decided to give honourable mention to everybody who has kept one resolution perfect .
Felix has worked all his arithmetic problems by himself .
Peter has never played tit-tat-x in church or got drunk and says it wasn't as bad as he expected .
he got into too much trouble .
we think Felix ought to change to old Grandfather King 's rule .
Dan refuses to say anything about his resolutions and so does the editor .
we regret that Miss Cecily King is suffering from a severe cold .
Mr Alexander Marr of Markdale died very suddenly last week .
we never heard of his death till he was dead .
Dan put it in for a mean joke .
the weather has been cold and fine .
we have only had one bad storm .
the coasting on Uncle Roger 's hill continues good .
aunt Eliza did not favour us with a visit after all .
she took cold and had to go home .
we were sorry that she had a cold but glad that she had to go home .
Miss Cecily King has got three very distinguished names on her quilt square .
we are all invited to visit Government House but some of us think we won't go .
a tragic event occurred last Tuesday .
Mrs James Frewen came to tea and there was no pie in the house .
felicity has not yet fully recovered .
a new boy is coming to school .
his name is Cyrus Brisk and his folks moved up from Markdale .
Miss Alice Reade of Charlottetown Royalty has come to Carlisle to teach music .
she boards at Mr Peter Armstrong 's .
the girls are all going to take music lessons from her .
two descriptions of her will be found in another column .
always keep the kitchen tidy and then you needn't mind if company comes unexpectedly .
ginger tea is good for colds .
OLD HOUSEKEEPER : yes , when the baking-powder gives out you can use tooth-powder instead .
our apples are not keeping well this year .
they are rotting ; and besides father says we eat an awful lot of them .
PERSEVERANCE : I will give you the recipe for dumplings you ask for .
there 's a knack in it .
adopt a dignified attitude .
F-x K-g : no , it is not polite to sleep with your mouth open .
something might fall into it .
crocheted watch pockets are all the rage now .
it is stylish to have hair ribbons to match your dress .
but it is hard to match gray drugget .
I like scarlet for that .
AN ACCOUNT OF OUR VISIT TO COUSIN MATTIE'S
we all walked over to Cousin Mattie 's last week .
they were all well there and we had a fine dinner .
but we saw a light and made for it and it was Peg Bowen 's .
her house was very untidy but it was warm .
she has a skull .
I mean a loose skull , not her own .
she gave us supper .
it was a horrid meal .
we stayed all night and us boys slept in straw .
none of us had ever slept on straw before .
we got home in the morning .
that is all I can write about our visit to Cousin Mattie 's .
it 's my turn to write it so I suppose I must .
while I was standing there Rob Marr started Kitty and Em Frewen off on his sled .
his sled had a wooden tongue in it and it slanted back over the girls ' heads .
I thought a tornado had struck me .
THE STORY OF HOW CARLISLE GOT ITS NAME
his name was Mr Carlisle .
in the winter he started off to hunt cariboo for a spell .
Cariboos lived on the island then .
poor Mr Carlisle felt awful .
Miss Alice Reade is a very pretty girl .
she has kind of curly blackish hair and big gray eyes and a pale face .
the girls are crazy about her and talk about her all the time .
she is divinely beautiful .
her magnificent wealth of raven hair flows back in glistening waves from her sun-kissed brow .
her eyes are gloriously dark and deep , like midnight lakes mirroring the stars of heaven .
her creamy skin is as fair and flawless as the petals of a white lily .
her voice is like the ripple of a woodland brook and her slender form is matchless in its symmetry .
her hands are like a poet 's dreams .
she dresses so nicely and looks so stylish in her clothes .
her favourite colour is blue .
it 's just that she is different from them and they don't like it .
CHAPTER X DISAPPEARANCE OF PADDY
as I remember , the spring came late that year in Carlisle .
it was May before the weather began to satisfy the grown-ups .
you 'll be in the next world .
Cecily , are you sure your feet ain't damp ?
he was noted for doing outlandish things .
he lived at Markdale then and he was a great , overgrown , awkward fellow , six feet tall .
grandfather King used to say he would never forget it to his dying day .
the minister was preaching and everything was quiet and solemn when he heard a snicker behind him .
our laughter , as we separated , rang sweetly through the old orchard and across the far , dim meadows .
I gasped .
I promised I wouldn't and Peter went off with a light heart .
he said he meant to write two lines every day till he got it done .
Cupid was playing his world-old tricks with others than poor Peter that spring .
Cecily did not regard her conquest with any pride .
on the contrary , it annoyed her terribly to be teased about Cyrus .
she declared she hated both him and his name .
he laid determined siege to Cecily 's young heart by all the methods known to love-lorn swains .
moreover , he had sent it through the post-office , with a real stamp on it .
its arrival made a sensation among us .
I feel sure Cecily preserved it .
then , suddenly , all our spring gladness and Maytime hopes were blighted as by a killing frost .
sorrow and anxiety pervaded our days and embittered our dreams by night .
grim tragedy held sway in our lives for the next fortnight .
Paddy disappeared .
that was the last seen of him .
in the morning he was not .
at first we were not seriously alarmed .
Cecily began to cry at this ; but tears were of no avail .
neither was anything else , apparently .
but we found and heard no trace of our lost pet .
but I don't know whether he 's dead or alive .
we could not appeal to Peg Bowen this time .
in our desperation we would have done it , but Peg was far away .
she had not been seen in her accustomed haunts for many a day .
her pets were gaining their own living in the woods and her house was locked up .
THE WITCH'S WISHBONE
when a fortnight had elapsed we gave up all hope .
you never could tell what might happen .
we stared .
the Story Girl started eagerly forward .
I lifted it up and there was a cat lying on the floor under it .
I was afraid he was dead at first .
fortunately he was able to lap it .
the barn was locked .
nothing but a cat could get in .
Paddy was sitting before the fire in the Awkward Man 's clean , bare kitchen .
it almost broke our hearts to see our beautiful Paddy brought so low .
the Story Girl gathered Paddy up in her arms .
we trooped home joyfully , the Story Girl in our midst carrying Paddy hugged against her shoulder .
never did April stars look down on a happier band of travellers on the golden road .
nor would he admit that ours looked any better than his .
I ain't a bit mad .
it 's Felicity .
I can't pronounce it .
I brought it along today to read when I got tired picking flowers .
but that 's different from thinking one REGULARLY at a given hour .
why , I always supposed everyone thought in colours .
his stripes are beautiful .
it isn't HE that is striped .
it 's just the THOUGHT of him .
Peg Bowen is a queer sort of yellowish green and the Awkward Man is lilac .
we thought the Story Girl was making fun of us .
but I believe she really had a strange gift of thinking in colours .
every idea came to her mind robed in its own especial hue .
Cousin Annetta set out to be very refined indeed .
she pretended to have no appetite at all .
one afternoon she was invited to tea at Grandfather King 's when they had some special company people from Charlottetown .
Cousin Annetta said she could hardly eat anything .
and she picked and pecked until Grandfather King declared he would like to throw something at her .
grandfather King couldn't resist the temptation .
the Story Girl went for a walk with her and came back with an important expression on her face .
there were more pixy babies than usual this spring , and the mothers were in a hurry for the cradles .
the tulips are the pixy babies ' cradles , it seems .
that is the reason why tulip blooms last so much longer than other blossoms .
the pixy babies must have a cradle until they are grown up .
when the wind blew over them all the spicy breezes of Ceylon 's isle were never sweeter .
it was enough to be glad and young with spring on the golden road .
so he hid it under the boughs of the sleeping poplar tree .
the poplar was amazed and indignant , for she was a very honest tree .
but the aspen poplar leaves are always shaking , even on the very calmest day .
there was an aspen in the orchard , the very embodiment of youth and spring in its litheness and symmetry .
the Story Girl did get her wish .
we stared in blank amazement .
Peg Bowen 's hint had faded from our minds and we had never put much faith in it .
so it is perfectly true .
she met him when she was at Uncle Edward 's last summer .
they 've been engaged ever since .
she did not know how Felicity might like that .
but Felicity took it rather well .
it was a very stormy winter and the roads were bad .
so it was arranged that she was to write Uncle Andrew and tell him what day to come .
but her writing wasn't very good and poor Uncle Andrew thought she wrote Thursday .
so on Thursday he drove all the way to Georgina 's home to be married .
but it wasn't any colder than the reception he got from Georgina .
she was out in the porch , with her head tied up in a towel , picking geese .
but there was no bridegroom and Georgina was furious .
nothing Uncle Andrew could say would appease her .
Peter looked grieved but held his peace .
felicity was very hard on him that spring , but his loyalty never wavered .
aunt Olivia will make a lovely bride .
one Saturday night Peter 's mother called to take him home with her for Sunday .
she had been working at Mr James Frewen 's , and Mr Frewen was driving her home .
we had never seen Peter 's mother before , and we looked at her with discreet curiosity .
Peter went home with her and returned Sunday evening .
Paddy , grown sleek and handsome again , was sitting on the stone itself , washing his jowls .
Peter joined us with a very queer expression on his face .
the announcement produced all the sensation he could have wished .
we crowded around him in excitement .
you haven't heard my story yet .
but he is a changed man .
he happened to go into a revival meeting one night this spring and he got converted .
I tell you it made me feel queer .
everything seemed to be upset .
she did not say it nastily , however .
we were all glad for Peter 's sake , though a little dizzy over the unexpectedness of it all .
felicity sniffed .
Peter 's black eyes filled with adoring gratitude .
the other thing is even worse .
he wasn't anything before .
Peter was not the only one who had secret cares .
Sara Ray was beginning to feel worried over her looks .
I did not mean to eavesdrop .
I supposed they knew I was there until Cecily overwhelmed me with indignation later on .
but I 'm getting worse .
aunt Mary says I 'm going to be the very image of Aunt Matilda .
and Aunt Matilda is as homely as she can be .
how am I to get up there and recite ?
fancy waving a lily-white hand all covered with warts .
I 've tried every remedy I ever heard of , but nothing does any good .
Judy Pineau said if I rubbed them with toad-spit it would take them away for sure .
it 's ALL the time .
I never answer one of them , but he keeps on .
he wrote me a long letter last week .
it is my opinion you can't insult Cyrus Brisk .
he is too thick-skinned .
he told Flossie it relieved his feelings .
those three graceless girls read the sentimental rhyme and giggled over it .
his young affections were sadly misplaced .
THE RAPE OF THE LOCK
we gathered in with its sheaf of fragrant days the choicest harvest of childhood .
Cecily declared she hated to go to sleep for fear she might miss something .
outside , Cyrus sneaked up close to the window and cut off a piece of Cecily 's hair .
and besides , he 'd likely lick you he 's so big and rough .
just look at it .
but Cyrus ' acquirement of the chunk of hair was his last triumph .
Mr Perkins was an exceedingly strict disciplinarian .
no communication of any sort was permitted between his pupils during school hours .
one day in school Cyrus sent a letter across to Cecily .
Cyrus turned quite pale .
Em carried the note to Mr Perkins .
he took it , held it up , and scrutinized the address .
Em said quite shamelessly that she didn't know it had just been passed over from the next row .
she went with a crimson face .
Cecily , like a certain renowned personage , could not tell a lie .
but it is very impolite to open other people 's letters .
I think I have a better plan .
Mr Perkins checked her with a gentle motion of his hand .
you cannot have the privilege of doing so now .
to let Cecily off , after her mad defiance , would be to establish a revolutionary precedent .
it left Cecily no choice .
she would have done almost anything before she would have sat with Cyrus Brisk .
with flashing eyes she tore open the letter , snatched up the chalk , and dashed at the blackboard .
Mr Perkins himself could not keep a straight face .
he turned abruptly away and looked out of the window , but we could see his shoulders shaking .
you may sit down .
Cyrus obeyed and Cecily fled to her seat and wept , nor did Mr Perkins meddle with her more that day .
Mr Perkins had blighted love 's young dream for Cyrus with a killing frost .
Thenceforth sweet Cecily kept the noiseless tenor of her way unvexed by the attentions of enamoured swains .
AUNT UNA'S STORY
we were waiting for Peter and the Story Girl .
Peter had gone to Markdale after dinner to spend the afternoon with his reunited parents because it was his birthday .
presently Peter came jauntily stepping along the field path up the hill .
don't be afraid to tell me .
then I waited , scared-like .
I found it in Markdale .
there ain't much clover in Carlisle this year of any kind of leaf .
the crop is going to be a failure .
your Uncle Roger says it 's because there ain't enough old maids in Carlisle .
the Story Girl was bombarded with eager questions as soon as she arrived .
Miss Reade 's home was a dream of a place , it appeared .
Miss Reade told me all about her .
it 's mean to punish us for what Peter and Felicity did .
we want to hear the rest of the story .
Miss Reade 's Aunt Una had a personality that was very uncommon .
her wedding dress was to have been a gown of white brocade with purple violets in it .
it was just in the time of opening roses .
AUNT OLIVIA'S WEDDING
what a delightful , old-fashioned , wholesome excitement there was about Aunt Olivia 's wedding !
Tuesday the downpour continued .
we were quite frantic about it .
suppose it kept on raining over Wednesday !
aunt Olivia couldn't be married in the orchard then .
that apple tree was always very late in blooming , and this year it was a week later than usual .
uncle Alec drove off to the station through it to bring home the bridegroom and his best man .
Peter sided with him , but the rest of us voted down the suggestion .
we were very curious to see our uncle-elect .
then we fled to the moonlight world outside and discussed him at the dairy .
the girls had not much time to discuss him with us .
the importance of Felicity was quite terrible .
but after dinner came a lull .
DEAREST CECILY : a DREADFUL MISFORTUNE has happened to me .
my face is all swelled up and I can HARDLY SEE out of one eye .
but she says I can go and I 'm going .
I know that I am a HARD-LOOKING SIGHT , but it isn't anything catching .
I am writing this so that you won't get a shock when you see me .
isn't it SO STRANGE to think your dear Aunt Olivia is going away ?
but your loss will be her gain .
aunt Olivia was married at five o'clock in the orchard under the late apple tree .
it was a pretty scene .
the old orchard was full of smiling guests in wedding garments .
by the time the last table was cleared away Aunt Olivia and our new uncle were ready to go .
there was an orgy of tears and leavetakings , and then they drove away into the odorous moonlight night .
that ain't the King way , though .
she weren't in any hurry but they tell me she 's done well .
we held our breath over his temerity .
she departed in high good humour over her repartee .
Meeting Sara Ray on the doorstep she stopped and asked her what was the matter with her face .
then bury the pertater and never tell a living soul where you buried it .
you won't have no more warts .
Mind you bury the pertater , though .
SARA RAY HELPS OUT
at the end of June our school concert came off and was a great event in our young lives .
it was the first appearance of most of us on any platform , and some of us were very nervous .
Sara brought me up a bottle of it .
but Cecily was not to be persuaded .
Cecily put her hair up in curl-papers that night , thoroughly soaked in Judy Pineau 's curling-fluid .
then she went to bed with a towel tied over her head to protect the pillow .
Cecily finally yielded and went upstairs with the Story Girl .
then Felicity came flying down and called her mother .
aunt Janet went up and presently came down again with a grim mouth .
she filled a large pan with warm water and carried it upstairs .
we dared ask her no questions , but when Felicity came down to wash the dishes we bombarded her .
I warned her not to put her hair in curls but she wouldn't listen to me .
when people haven't natural curly hair they shouldn't try to make it curly .
her hair is just matted together hard as a board .
Poor Cecily paid dearly enough for HER vanity .
she spent a bad forenoon , made no easier by her mother 's severe rebukes .
she didn't mean to bring me mucilage .
it 's really all my own fault , I know .
it isn't right to break solemn vows .
Poor Sara Ray was quite overwhelmed when she came up and found what she had done .
the school-room was crowded with friends and neighbours .
the concert went off very well .
dialogues , choruses and recitations followed each other in rapid succession .
Peter did remember it .
Cecily neither fainted nor failed when it came her turn .
I think she really did much better than if she had had her desired curls .
the prevailing excitement had made bright her eye and flushed her cheeks rosily too rosily , perhaps .
Sara Ray also managed to get through respectably , although she was pitiably nervous .
we all felt relieved when she finished .
to look at her was sufficient .
the Story Girl followed .
here was a performer who could be depended on .
no need to fear stage fright or forgetfulness on her part .
the Story Girl was not looking her best that night .
white never became her , and her face was pale , though her eyes were splendid .
Sara Ray alone had not heard the Story Girl recite it .
in the night she wakened from her trance and made her escape .
a similar reception awaited her at her father 's .
on the morrow , the husband and father , having discovered the empty tomb , came to claim her .
she refused to return to them and the case was carried to the court of law .
pity , terror , indignation , suspense , possessed her hearers in turn .
in the court scene she surpassed herself .
the Story Girl 's performance was completely spoiled .
Poor Sara dissolved in tears .
she cried all the way home , but we did not try to comfort her .
Even Cecily was seriously annoyed .
this second blunder of Sara 's was too much even for her loyalty .
we saw her turn in at her own gate and go sobbing up her lane with no relenting .
BY WAY OF THE STARS
but for two of us the adventures of the night were not yet over .
silence settled down over the old house the eerie , whisperful , creeping silence of night .
get up and dress and come out .
with a good deal of curiosity and some misgiving I obeyed .
what was in the wind now ?
I whispered in amazement .
I 've got to go to the school and you must come with me .
I left my coral necklace there .
the coral necklace was a very handsome one which had belonged to the Story Girl 's mother .
you know perfectly well what Liz Paxton 's reputation is .
if she finds that necklace I 'll never see it again .
no , I 'm going for it now .
I 'd show her !
we slipped out of the house noiselessly and found ourselves in the unutterable solemnity and strangeness of a dark night .
it was a new experience , and our hearts thrilled and our nerves tingled to the charm of it .
never had we been abroad before at such an hour .
the world around us was not the world of daylight .
only in the country can one become truly acquainted with the night .
there it has the solemn calm of the infinite .
the dim wide fields lie in silence , wrapped in the holy mystery of darkness .
a wind , loosened from wild places far away , steals out to blow over dewy , star-lit , immemorial hills .
I thought tonight I never could but now it doesn't matter any more .
I can even see how funny it was .
oh , wasn't it funny ?
I 'll just behave to her tomorrow as if nothing had happened .
neither of us ever forgot the subtle delight of that stolen walk .
a spell of glamour was over us .
Junebells have another and more scientific name , of course .
but who could desire a better name than Junebells ?
there were fireflies abroad that night , too , increasing the gramarye of it .
there is certainly something a little supernatural about fireflies .
nobody pretends to understand them .
I 'm glad I left my necklace .
and I am glad you are with me , Bev .
the others wouldn't understand so well .
I like you because I don't have to talk to you all the time .
it 's so nice to walk with someone you don't have to talk to .
here is the graveyard .
I don't know what it is .
I don't feel as if I could EVER die .
when we reached the school I contrived to open a window .
as will be seen there is no Honour Roll in this number .
even Felicity has thought all the beautiful thoughts that can be thought and cannot think any more .
Peter has never got drunk but , under existing circumstances , that is not greatly to his credit .
THE STORY OF THE LOCKET THAT WAS BAKED
this was a story my Aunt Jane told me about her granma when she was a little girl .
it happened when she was ten years old .
their nearest naybor was a mile away .
she was worried about the locket .
then she put the loaf in the pan and set it in the oven .
when granma was sure he was really gone she broke down and cried .
she forgot all about the bread and it burned as black as coal .
when she smelled it burning granma run and pulled it out .
it 's easy enough to write true stories .
I thought Peter was appointed fiction editor , but he has never written any fiction since the paper started .
and it ain't easier to write true stories .
MY MOST EXCITING ADVENTURE
it 's my turn to write it but I 'm SO NERVOUS .
it was an awful one .
I hunted everywhere but I couldn't find it .
oh , I can never describe how I felt when I felt that awful thing WRIGGLING IN MY HAND .
TO FELICITY ON HER BERTHDAY
I gaze into your shining eyes , They are so blue and bright .
Patrick Grayfur , Esq , caused his friends great anxiety recently by a prolonged absence from home .
the young couple received many handsome presents .
rev . Mr Marwood tied the nuptial knot .
their many friends join in wishing them a very happy and prosperous journey through life .
a place is vacant in our home That never can be filled .
I 've seen that verse on a tombstone .
our school concert came off on the evening of @date@ and was a great success .
we made ten dollars for the library .
she is a very large woman .
a mysterious light was seen there at two o'clock one night recently .
Dan and Felicity had a fight last Tuesday not with fists but with tongues .
Dan came off best as usual .
Mr Newton Craig of Markdale returned home recently after a somewhat prolonged visit in foreign parts .
we are glad to welcome Mr Craig back to our midst .
Billy Robinson was hurt last week .
a cow kicked him .
on @date@ Uncle Roger sent Mr Peter Craig to the manse to borrow the biography of Adam 's grandfather .
we can see the eggs when we look down .
they are so cunning .
Felix sat down on a tack one day in May .
Felix thinks house-cleaning is great foolishness .
LOST STOLEN OR STRAYED A HEART .
Finder will be rewarded by returning same to Cyrus E Brisk , Desk @number@ Carlisle School .
LOST OR STOLEN .
Aunt Olivia 's wedding cake was said to be the best one of its kind ever tasted in Carlisle .
me and mother made it .
quince juice is better .
we had rhubarb pies for the first time this spring last week .
they were fine but hard on the cream .
PATIENT SUFFERER : what will I do when a young man steals a lock of my hair ?
Ans . : grow some more .
no , F-l-c-t-y , it is not ladylike to chew tobacco .
better stick to spruce gum .
Frilled muslin aprons will be much worn this summer .
it is no longer fashionable to trim them with knitted lace .
one pocket is considered smart .
Clam-shells are fashionable keepsakes .
you write your name and the date inside one and your friend writes hers in the other and you exchange .
this is a true joke and really happened .
it 's about Mr Samuel Clask again .
PEG BOWEN COMES TO CHURCH
it was one Sunday evening in July .
this particular evening was particularly beautiful .
it was cool after a hot day , and wheat fields all about us were ripening to their harvestry .
the wind gossiped with the grasses along our way , and over them the buttercups danced , goldenly-glad .
I 'm reading them now , since I got through with the Bible .
Valeria never does that .
but Uncle Roger says the supply in Mr Marwood 's vacation never amounts to much .
I know an awfully funny story about old Mr Davidson .
when Mr Davidson went to church next Sunday he put the hat on without ever looking into the crown .
he walked to church in a brown study and at the door he took off his hat .
one of his elders had to tiptoe up and tell him what he had on his head .
he plucked it off in a dazed fashion , held it up , and looked at it .
it had a perennial fascination for us and we read it over every Sunday .
then meet her with thy well-known smiles and welcome At the last great day .
we all stared at Peg , who was pacing composedly up the aisle .
she wore no hat , and her grizzled black hair streamed in elf locks over her shoulders .
Face , arms and feet were bare and face , arms and feet were liberally powdered with FLOUR .
certainly no one who saw Peg that night could ever forget the apparition .
but the manoeuvre was too late .
those poor girls were in an agony .
everybody in the church was looking at our pew and smiling .
we all felt that we were terribly disgraced ; but we could do nothing .
I heard him .
he may be an elder , but he 's a scoundrel just the same .
he set fire to his house to get the insurance and then blamed ME for doing it .
but I got even with him for it .
oh , yes !
Peg chuckled quite fiendishly and Stephen Grant tried to look as if nothing had been said .
but the minister did not come and Peg had no intention of stopping .
I never call there for she never seems to have anything to eat in the house .
she was a Clayton and the Claytons never could cook .
and there 's Douglas Nicholson .
his brother put rat poison in the family pancakes .
his wife is all rigged out in silk .
there 's Timothy Patterson .
it 's a fact .
and when his old father died he wouldn't let his wife put his best shirt on him .
he said his second best was plenty good to be buried in .
we did not dare refuse but we each held our lozenge very gingerly in our hands .
she put a peppermint in her own mouth and sucked it with gusto .
we were relieved , for she did not talk during the process ; but our relief was of short duration .
a bevy of three very smartly dressed young ladies , sweeping past our pew , started Peg off again .
and there 's old Henry Frewen , still above ground .
I called my parrot after him because their noses were exactly alike .
look at Caroline Marr , will yez ?
he 's a real Christian , anyhow , and so 's his dog .
he isn't !
and there 's Susan Frewen .
she 's jealous of everybody .
Seth Erskine has the same look he was born with .
but her martyrdom was over at last .
the minister appeared in the pulpit and Peg subsided into silence .
she folded her bare , floury arms over her breast and fastened her black eyes on the young preacher .
he opened his eyes , glanced at our pew in a startled way , then collected himself and went on .
then she suddenly got on her feet .
Mr Davidson stopped short and Peg marched down the aisle in the midst of complete silence .
wheeling about , she strode to the door .
then she turned for a Parthian shot .
with that Peg shook the dust of Carlisle church from her feet .
poor Mr Davidson resumed his discourse .
we could not even remember the text when we reached home .
felicity was comfortless .
peter , I do wish you wouldn't go telling people they ought to go to church .
in an August orchard six children and a grown-up were sitting around the pulpit stone .
she nodded , but seemed disinclined to say more about it .
I persisted .
old Mr Coles at the Harbour told me all about it .
he was a young man then and he says he can never forget that dreadful time .
by Monday night more than seventy of them had been destroyed .
those which had escaped were mostly those which went into harbour Saturday night , to keep Sunday .
it lasted for two days and scores of vessels were driven ashore and completely wrecked .
for weeks after the storm the north shore was strewn with the bodies of drowned men .
think of it !
but the saddest of all the stories of the Yankee Storm was the one about the Franklin Dexter .
he said he had promised their mother to take her boys home to her and he must do it .
Captain Hall was a dreadfully profane man and used to swear blood-curdling oaths .
so the poor old mother up in Maine never had her boys brought back to her after all .
Cecily 's tears had been dropping on the autograph quilt square she was faithfully embroidering .
she 'd be sure to find out I didn't and then she 'd be very angry .
I wish I could get just one more name and then I 'd be contented .
we all know it would be of no use .
Cecily relapsed into anxious thought , and care sat visibly on her brow for the rest of the day .
next morning she came to me and said :
she won't go with me this time I don't know why .
I can't tell a story and I 'm frightened to death just to think of going to him .
so if you 'll go with me we 'll go this afternoon .
you say that thistles have no perfume ?
along the edges of that winding path grew banks of velvet green moss , starred with clusters of pigeon berries .
pigeon berries are not to be eaten .
they are woolly , tasteless things .
but they are to be looked at in their glowing scarlet .
they are the jewels with which the forest of cone-bearers loves to deck its brown breast .
Cecily gathered some and pinned them on hers , but they did not become her .
perhaps Cecily was thinking of it , too , for she presently said ,
there are to be as many squares in it as there are members in the Band .
each one has a square and is collecting names for it .
the money is to go to the little girl our Band is supporting in Korea .
Mr Campbell drew his black brows together in a scowl .
Mr Campbell 's scowl disappeared and he laughed .
come , now , I 'll take you at your word .
I 'll test you .
to go to church in a faded print dress , with a shabby little old sun-hat and worn shoes !
her tormentor smiled grimly .
Cecily crimsoned and sat up facing Mr Campbell spunkily .
but I won't see you .
I 've got the prettiest little drove of calves out there you ever saw .
Mr Campbell took us all over his barns and was very affable .
he had beautiful horses , cows and sheep , and I enjoyed seeing them .
I don't think Cecily did , however .
she was already in bitter anticipation living over the martyrdom of the morrow .
but it will be simply dreadful .
I did not believe she would , but Aunt Janet sometimes could be depended on for the unexpected .
she laughed and told Cecily she could please herself .
Poor Cecily stood beside her mute and pale , in her faded school garb and heavy copper-toed boots .
Cecily , having put her hand to the plough , was not of those who turn back .
the Story Girl joined us with a quizzical smile on her face .
Dan whistled .
Cecily 's pale cheeks flushed with understanding and gratitude .
the Story Girl wore her school print dress and hat also , and was gloveless and heavy shod .
that was what I meant .
well , well , I hope you 'll forgive me .
I didn't think she 'd do it I was sure feminine vanity would win the day over missionary zeal .
I 'll keep my promise , Miss .
her eyes were very bright and excited .
she looked as if she had not slept a great deal .
Miss Reade had finished giving music lessons and was going home in a few days .
Cecily and Felicity were in despair over this and mourned as those without comfort .
the Story Girl threw an annoyed glance at me .
she did not like to have her dramatic announcements forestalled .
anyhow , I don't believe Miss Reade is going to be married .
for a few moments amazement literally held us dumb .
I thought you 'd be astonished .
but I wasn't .
but how did it ever come about ?
he 's SO shy and awkward .
the Story Girl looked as if she might tell if she would .
I met him just as I left Mr Armstrong 's and we were together as far as his house .
the Story Girl shook her head .
you wouldn't understand .
besides , I couldn't tell it just right .
I 'd spoil it if I told it now .
perhaps some day I 'll be able to tell it properly .
she is so beautiful and sweet .
I thought she 'd marry some dashing young man .
but it 's true .
Miss Reade and I are the only people in Carlisle who really know the Awkward Man .
and then they are coming right back to live at Golden Milestone .
ten years ago Miss Reade was just a little girl of ten .
I can tell you that much .
I don't believe in it MUCH but Judy says she 's seen it come true time and again .
I hope if it does it won't be anybody we know very well .
Sara Ray looked bewildered .
I didn't mean that AT ALL , Felicity .
I think Miss Reade is simply throwing herself away , but I hope she 'll be happy .
seeing the Story Girl slipping away with a disapproving face I joined her .
I asked .
long , long after she kept her word .
in reply she sent me the written love story of Jasper Dale and Alice Reade .
THE LOVE STORY OF THE AWKWARD MAN
Jasper Dale lived alone in the old homestead which he had named Golden Milestone .
the quaint rooms were as free from dust and disorder as a woman could have had them .
but Mrs Griggs knew that in the lifetime of Jasper Dale 's mother it had been unfurnished .
oracles , however , are not always to be trusted .
one day she found the door of the west gable unlocked .
she went in , expecting to see bare walls and a collection of odds and ends .
instead she found herself in a finely furnished room .
delicate lace curtains hung before the small , square , broad-silled windows .
the walls were adorned with pictures in much finer taste than Mrs Griggs could appreciate .
there was a bookcase between the windows filled with choicely bound books .
beside it stood a little table with a very dainty work-basket on it .
a wicker rocker , comfortable with silk cushions , was near it .
Just beneath the picture , on the top shelf of the bookcase , was a vaseful of flowers .
another vaseful stood on the table beside the basket .
all this was astonishing enough .
but she found nothing to throw any light on the mystery .
but Mrs Griggs had told no more than the simple truth .
Love a strange , almost mystical love played its part here for him .
it was strangely like the woman of his dream love .
as he pondered the matter in his garden that evening he had an inspiration .
amid the splendour he fancied Alice 's fair face peeping archly down at him from the room .
the inspiration came then .
he was all summer carrying out his plan .
nobody must know or suspect , so he must go slowly and secretly .
he arranged them with his own hands .
finally he saw in a store a pale blue tea-gown and the satin slippers .
he had always fancied her as dressed in blue .
he bought them and took them home to her room .
they never knew or guessed at the real Jasper Dale .
one spring Alice Reade came to teach music in Carlisle .
her pupils worshipped her , but the grown people thought she was rather too distant and reserved .
they had been used to merry , jolly girls who joined eagerly in the social life of the place .
and one day , as she went by , Jasper Dale was working in his garden .
the grass opened eyes of blue violets .
birds were singing along the brook valley .
rollicking robins were whistling joyously in the pines .
at this moment he looked up and saw Alice Reade .
for a moment Jasper Dale believed that his dream love had taken visible form before him .
then her eyes fell upon him and the spell was broken .
Jasper looked after her with a new , painful sense of loss and loveliness .
it was still greater pain to watch her going from him .
he thought she must be the new music teacher but he did not even know her name .
when , later on , he discovered that it was , he felt no surprise .
he carried some mayflowers up to the west gable and put them under the picture .
he saw her again that afternoon on her way home .
once a little child was with her , clinging to her hand .
it was the next day that he failed for the first time to put flowers in the west gable .
she must pass that way ; her feet would crush them if she failed to see them .
from a safe retreat he saw her pass by and stoop to lift his flowers .
thereafter he put some in the same place every day .
she lifted them tenderly in much surprise and pleasure .
perhaps her sensitive nature divined and responded to the beauty in his .
it invested the shy man with interest and romance .
she stopped under the pine .
Jasper , startled , wished that he might sink into the ground .
his anguish of embarrassment made her smile a little .
he could not speak , so she went on gently .
she carried the book away with her .
his words lingered in her memory and made music .
one evening Jasper walked shyly with her from his gate up the pine hill .
after that he always walked that far with her .
she would have laughed with girlish scorn at the idea .
but she never thought of love .
like other girls she had her dreams of a possible Prince Charming , young and handsome and debonair .
in August came a day of gold and blue .
she lifted it and buried her face in it , drinking in the wholesome , modest perfume .
but she saw him sitting on the rustic seat at the further side .
his back was towards her , and he was partially screened by a copse of lilacs .
she had never been in the garden before , and she found her heart beating in a strange fashion .
as the meaning of his words dawned on her consciousness she started and grew crimson .
I can never tell you .
I can only dream of telling you .
in my dream you are standing here by me , dear .
everything is possible in dreams , you know , dear .
but the other rooms of the house must be made to bloom out freshly for you .
what a delight it is thus to dream of what I would do for you !
I would lead you through all the rooms made ready for your coming , and then to your own .
oh , Alice , we would have a beautiful life together !
you will sing to me in the twilight , and we will gather early flowers together in the spring days .
she gave a little choking cry that betrayed her presence .
Jasper Dale sprang up and gazed upon her .
he saw her standing there , amid the languorous shadows of August , pale with feeling , wide-eyed , trembling .
for a moment shyness wrung him .
do you know what you have done , girl ?
you have destroyed all that made life worth while to me .
my dream is dead .
it could not live when it was betrayed .
and it was all I had .
I know that I am ridiculous !
it never could have hurt you !
is it such a strange thing that I should have a heart like other men ?
this will make sport for you !
his anger hurt her with a pain she could not endure .
I could not help it .
I shall never laugh at you .
in the old garden he kissed her lips and Alice entered into her own .
UNCLE BLAIR COMES HOME
so I hurriedly dressed and hastened down to tell him before he went .
it was bright moonlight , and I felt just like getting up and going out to the orchard .
but I knew that would be silly and of course I didn't go .
a light wind of dawn was weaving an orient spell .
it makes me feel just like getting up to see the sun rise every morning of my life after this .
but I know I won't .
I 'll likely sleep later than ever tomorrow morning .
Beautiful Alice deserves everything good .
I looked .
the hammock was swung under the two end trees of the Walk .
he had a pointed brown beard and thick wavy brown hair .
it seemed to me that I knew his face , although assuredly I had never seen him before .
while I groped among vague speculations the Story Girl gave a queer , choked little cry .
the sleeper stirred and opened two large , exceedingly brilliant hazel eyes .
for a moment he gazed rather blankly at the brown-curled young lady who was embracing him .
then a most delightful smile broke over his face ; he sprang up and caught her to his heart .
but you are almost a woman .
and when I saw you last you were just a little girl of eight .
aunt Janet , who was kneading her bread , turned round and lifted floury hands .
he was asleep in the hammock .
of course he couldn't come like anybody else .
my elation went out like a snuffed candle .
I had never thought of this .
I turned and followed Felicity and Cecily out in a very subdued mood .
uncle Blair and the Story Girl were just coming out of the orchard .
his arm was about her and hers was on his shoulder .
laughter and tears were contending in her eyes .
emotion had to go very deep with her ere it touched the source of tears .
so I sailed for Montreal without further delay .
I got here at eleven last night the station-master 's son drove me down .
so I decided that I would spend the night in the orchard .
and I had a beautiful dream , Janet .
I dreamed that the old orchard blossomed again , as it did that spring eighteen years ago .
I dreamed that its sunshine was the sunshine of spring , not autumn .
the Story Girl shook her long brown curls .
apart from this we had a gay day with Uncle Blair .
we all found him a delightful companion .
Dan suggested that she need not tell her mother anything about it ; but Sara shook her head .
I won't mind that .
I won't know anything about it till it really happens .
when evening came we all went to Golden Milestone .
he lifted her out of the buggy gallantly and led her forward to us , smiling .
he looked down into her eyes and we were quite forgotten by both of them .
we scampered joyously away through the moonlit dusk .
it hooded itself in shadows and fared forth on the road that is lighted by the white stars of evening .
it had been a gift of Paradise .
its hours had all been fair and beloved .
from dawn flush to fall of night there had been naught to mar it .
it took with it its smiles and laughter .
but it left the boon of memory .
THE OLD ORDER CHANGETH
the Story Girl told us this one day in the orchard .
there was a little elation in her tone , but more regret .
the news was not a great surprise to us .
we had felt it in the air ever since Uncle Blair 's arrival .
aunt Janet had been very unwilling to let the Story Girl go .
but Uncle Blair was inexorable .
so it was finally decided that she was to go .
felicity said nothing .
she kept looking down at the grass on which she sat , absently pulling at the slender blades .
presently we saw two big tears roll down over her cheeks .
the Story Girl looked surprised .
but I do feel dreadfully about it .
we all solemnly assured her that we would .
so we have over a month yet to have a good time in .
let's all just determine to make it a splendid month for the last .
so don't cry any more , Felicity .
felicity sighed , and tucked away her damp handkerchief .
this was a high plane of self-sacrifice for Felicity to attain .
but the Story Girl shook her head .
I don't mind any more .
I begin to see the fun of it now .
he said it with a sigh that was immediately lost in one of his delightful smiles .
and everybody says Paris is such a wicked place .
I asked , very stupidly .
I never saw beautiful , broken-hearted Emily yet .
I love this orchard because of its many ghosts .
she was the gayest , sweetest thing and so young only three years older than you , Sara .
she had some queer , funny , half-playful , half-earnest superstition about it .
and then she died .
there was something strange about that , too .
for a moment she trembled and then she smiled and looked up at me again a little beseechingly .
well , who knows ?
there was that in Uncle Blair 's voice that kept us silent for a time .
she was as slim and lithe as a young , white-stemmed birch tree .
uncle Blair looked up at the evening star .
THE PATH TO ARCADY
never was anything so gorgeous as the maple trees that year .
maples are trees that have primeval fire in their souls .
it is the year 's carnival ere the dull Lenten days of leafless valleys and penitential mists come .
the time of apple-picking had come around once more and we worked joyously .
at times we were still children , still interested in childish things .
but I would not go alone .
there will be many little things along our way to make us glad .
besides , trees are the same all over the world .
did you ever hear such a fuss over nothing ?
squirrels are the gossips and busybodies of the woods ; they haven't learned the fine reserve of its other denizens .
the Story Girl lifted her golden-hued flagon to her red lips .
her hazel eyes laughed at us over the brim .
we did not understand him , but we knew Uncle Blair never explained his meaning .
it is never in the same mind or mood two minutes .
here it is sighing and murmuring as if its heart were broken .
it was a little dell far in the heart of the woods .
the woods receded from it on every hand , leaving it lying in a pool of amber sunshine .
I exclaimed , looking around me with delight .
all the bright , beautiful things around it mocked it and laughed at it for its folly .
who would ever look for music in it , a plain , brown , unbeautiful thing ?
he was silent for a moment , then added in a lower tone ,
something in his voice made me suddenly sad .
so we walked out of the woods into the autumn dusk .
we were in a little valley .
it did not vanish and presently we found ourselves in the grove .
I wouldn't be much surprised if we should see something of the kind .
isn't that the flash of an ivory shoulder through yonder gloom ?
and didn't you see a queer little elfin face peering at us around that twisted gray trunk ?
but one can't be sure .
WE LOSE A FRIEND
we felt that nothing could be done .
lard and sulphur on his paws would be of no use , nor would any visit to Peg Bowen avail .
you can tell that by his eyes .
the Story Girl said nothing .
she passed and repassed her long brown hand gently over her pet 's glossy fur .
Pat lifted his head and essayed to creep a little nearer to his beloved mistress .
the Story Girl drew his limp body close in her arms .
the Story Girl shed no tears , though the look in her eyes hurt more than weeping .
Felix shot a disgusted glance at her .
uncle Blair shook his head .
I 'd like to think cats have a chance for heaven , but I can't .
but as evening drew on we began to feel a sneaking interest in the details of the funeral .
as Dan said , the thing should be done properly , since Paddy was no common cat .
uncle Roger passed us at the gate .
and we hated Uncle Roger .
but we loved Uncle Blair because he said quietly ,
so much may depend on the way a thing is said .
felicity cried bitterly all the time she was straining the milk .
I sat gazing stupidly at the sheet after I had read it until Felix exclaimed ,
everybody gasped .
the great golden willow at the lane gate was laughter-shaken in the wind of evening .
but Peter had been sorely vexed in spirit for several days .
the time was approaching for the October issue of Our Magazine and he had no genuine fiction ready for it .
but the difficulty was to get anyone to write it .
finally Peter determined to write a story himself .
catch ME ever voting Grit !
as for the rest of it I don't care .
Sara Ray giggled and Felicity blushed .
Peter tried hard not to look too self-consciously delighted .
the Story Girl looked rather puzzled .
it was so hard to imagine Sara Ray as having any kind of future .
yet Sara was plainly anxious to have her fortune told and must be gratified .
we went , Cecily still a little disappointed .
in later years I often wondered why the Story Girl refused to tell her fortune that night .
did some strange gleam of foreknowledge fall for a moment across her mirth-making ?
did she realize in a flash of prescience that there was no earthly future for our sweet Cecily ?
THE LAST NUMBER OF OUR MAGAZINE
we have edited ten numbers of it and it has been successful beyond our expectations .
Prince Edward Island expected everyone to do his and her duty and everyone did it .
Mr Dan King conducted the etiquette department in a way worthy of the Family Guide itself .
the Exciting Adventure series has also been very popular .
on October eighteenth , Patrick Grayfur departed for that bourne whence no traveller returns .
MY MOST EXCITING ADVENTURE
my most exciting adventure was the day I fell off Uncle Roger 's loft two years ago .
I wasn't excited until it was all over because I hadn't time to be .
the Story Girl and I were looking for eggs in the loft .
and wheat straw is so slippery .
then after a spell I thought the answer , I am falling off the loft .
and then I thought , well , I don't care .
I really wasn't a bit frightened .
I just was quite willing to be killed .
THE BATTLE OF THE PARTRIDGE EGGS
then night closed in .
she asked a fox where she could get something to eat .
the fox told her he knew where there was a partridges nest and a bluejays nest full of eggs .
so he led her to the nests and she took five eggs out of each .
when the birds came home they missed the eggs and flew into a rage .
they jumped up and put out the fire and were immejutly attacked by five great wolves .
the next day the little girl was rambelling through the woods when they saw her and took her prisoner .
after she had confessed that she had stole the eggs they told her to raise an army .
they would have to fight over the nests of eggs and whoever one would have the eggs .
the leader of her army was a wolf .
Mr Blair Stanley is visiting friends and relatives in Carlisle .
his daughter , Miss Sara , will accompany him .
Mr Alan King is expected home from South America next month .
his sons will return with him to Toronto .
Beverley and Felix have made hosts of friends during their stay in Carlisle and will be much missed in social circles .
Miss Cecily King collected the largest sum on her square .
congratulations , Cecily .
Mr Peter Craig will be residing in Markdale after October and will attend school there this winter .
Peter is a good fellow and we all wish him success and prosperity .
apple picking is almost ended .
there was an unusually heavy crop this year .
apple pies are the order of the day .
eggs are a very good price now .
is it considered good form to eat peppermints in church ?
no , F-l-x , we would not call Treasure Island or the Pilgrim 's Progress dime novels .
necklaces of roseberries are very much worn now .
it is considered smart to wear your school hat tilted over your left eye .
bangs are coming in .
Em Frewen has them .
she went to Summerside for a visit and came back with them .
all the girls in school are going to bang their hair as soon as their mothers will let them .
but I do not intend to bang mine .
what are details ?
I am not sure , but I think they are things that are left over .
what kind of people live in uninhabited places ?
OUR LAST EVENING TOGETHER
I 'm sure I shall never forget this dear old place .
Sara Ray cried bitterly in lieu of singing .
and don't any of you cry if you can help it .
our revels there were ended .
THE STORY GIRL GOES
the morning dawned , rosy and clear and frosty .
the horse was harnessed and Uncle Alec was waiting by the door .
the Awkward Man and Mrs Dale came to see the last of their favourite .
Sara Stanley wore a smart new travelling suit and a blue felt hat with a white feather .
Sara Ray had vowed tearfully the night before that she would be up in the morning to say farewell .
so Sara had written her parting words in a three-cornered pink note .
when I think that I cannot SEE YOU AGAIN my heart is almost TOO FULL FOR UTTERANCE .
but I will be present IN SPIRIT .
I hope you will find time AMONG YOUR MANY DUTIES to write me a letter ONCE IN A WHILE .
Felicity , don't you dare .
the Story Girl ran over to the buggy and climbed in .
uncle Blair followed her .
no good-byes were said , as she wished .
but we still stood there , for we knew we should see the Story Girl once more .
we watched the curve in silence , standing in a sorrowful little group in the sunshine of the autumn morning .
the delight of the world had been ours on the golden road .
it had enticed us with daisies and rewarded us with roses .
blossom and lyric had waited on our wishes .
thoughts , careless and sweet , had visited us .
but now the shadow of change was over it .
the Story Girl stood up and waved her chrysanthemums at us .
we waved wildly back until the buggy had driven around the curve .
then we went slowly and silently back to the house .
the Story Girl was gone .
THE ADVENTURES OF JOHNNY CHUCK
THE BEDTIME STORY BOOKS
I GENTLE SISTER SOUTH WIND ARRIVES
JOHNNY CHUCK RECEIVES CALLERS
THE SINGERS OF THE SMILING POOL
JOHNNY CHUCK FINDS OUT WHO THE SWEET SINGERS ARE
V JOHNNY CHUCK BECOMES DISSATISFIED
JOHNNY CHUCK TURNS TRAMP
JOHNNY HAS ANOTHER ADVENTURE
x . WHY JOHNNY CHUCK DIDN'T FIGHT
THE GREATEST THING IN THE WORLD
JOHNNY CHUCK PROVES HIS LOVE
POLLY AND JOHNNY CHUCK GO HOUSE HUNTING
a NEW HOME AT LAST
SAMMY JAY FINDS THE NEW HOME
SAMMY JAY PLANS MISCHIEF
FARMER BROWN'S BOY MAKES A DISCOVERY
JOHNNY CHUCK'S PRIDE
SAMMY JAY HAS A CHANGE OF HEART
JOHNNY CHUCK IS KEPT BUSY
THE SCHOOL IN THE OLD ORCHARD
SAMMY JAY PROVES THAT HE IS NOT ALL BAD
JOHNNY CHUCK BADE CHATTERER GOOD-BY AND STARTED ON Frontispiece
WITH A SQUEAL OF RAGE , JOHNNY SPRANG AT THE GRAY OLD CHUCK
IF POLLY WANTED TO LIVE THERE SHE SHOULD
I GENTLE SISTER SOUTH WIND ARRIVES
all the Green Meadows and all the Green Forest had heard the news .
Peter Rabbit had seen to that .
it is surprising what a difference a little good news makes .
and then gentle Sister South Wind arrived .
she touched the little banks of snow that remained , and straightway they melted and disappeared .
she knocked at the door of Digger the Badger , and Digger awoke .
Peter Rabbit followed her about .
he couldn't understand it at all .
Gentle Sister South Wind smiled at Peter .
JOHNNY CHUCK RECEIVES CALLERS
Peter was happy .
he didn't know why .
he just was happy .
it was in the air .
everybody else seemed happy , too .
he had felt just that way ever since gentle Sister South Wind arrived .
I cannot help but gaily prance !
so sang Peter Rabbit as he hopped and skipped down the Lone Little Path .
suddenly he stopped right in the middle of the verse .
he sat up very straight and stared down at Johnny Chuck 's house .
some one was sitting on Johnny Chuck 's door-step .
it looked like Johnny Chuck .
no , it looked like the shadow of Johnny Chuck .
Peter rubbed his eyes and looked again .
then he hurried as fast as he could , lipperty-lipperty-lip .
I told you that I would see you in the spring .
that certainly was Johnny Chuck 's voice .
Peter was so delighted that in his hurry he fell over his own feet .
what have you been doing to yourself , Johnny Chuck ?
Peter hopped all around Johnny Chuck , looking at him as if he didn't believe his own eyes .
he had come up without either of the others seeing him .
Peter 's big eyes opened wider than ever .
Johnny Chuck and Jimmy Skunk both laughed .
Jimmy Skunk shrugged his shoulders .
there was Reddy Fox grinning at them .
Jimmy Skunk just stood still and chuckled .
he knew that Reddy Fox didn't dare touch him .
THE SINGERS OF THE SMILING POOL
as they wakened , many began to sing for joy .
but the clearest , loudest singers of all lived in the Smiling Pool .
it was a long time before Peter Rabbit and Johnny Chuck knew where they lived .
oh , who can be cross when there 's love in the air ?
it was very mysterious .
Peter is always willing to try to find out about things he doesn't already know about .
so Johnny Chuck and Peter Rabbit started out to find the sweet singers .
so over to the Smiling Pool they hurried .
it seemed as if the voices came right out of the Smiling Pool itself !
there was no doubt about it this time ; those voices came right out of the water .
Johnny Chuck stared at Peter Rabbit , and Peter stared at Johnny Chuck .
JOHNNY CHUCK FINDS OUT WHO THE SWEET SINGERS ARE
Johnny Chuck couldn't keep away from the Smiling Pool .
no , Sir , Johnny Chuck couldn't keep away from the Smiling Pool .
and this is why he couldn't keep away from the Smiling Pool .
they hadn't dreamed of anything else .
so of course they went looking for birds .
when they reached the Smiling Pool , the voices came right out of the water .
one day a sudden thought popped into his head .
perhaps those singers were not birds at all !
why hadn't he thought of that before ?
perhaps it was because he was looking so hard for birds that he hadn't seen anything else .
almost right away he saw some tiny little dark spots on the water .
they didn't look like much of anything .
they were so small that he hadn't noticed them before .
he was so surprised that he hopped to his feet and excitedly beckoned to Jerry Muskrat .
but Farmer Brown 's boy , listening to their song that evening , didn't call them Hylas .
V JOHNNY CHUCK BECOMES DISSATISFIED
Johnny Chuck was unhappy .
why was he unhappy ?
well , he hardly knew himself .
and still Johnny Chuck felt unhappy .
it was slow work ; it was hard work .
it was watching Drummer that started Johnny Chuck to thinking about his own home .
he had always thought it a very nice home .
he had built it just as he wanted it .
from the doorstep he could look in all directions over the Green Meadows .
it had a front door and a hidden back door .
yes , it was a very nice home indeed .
but now , all of a sudden , Johnny Chuck became dissatisfied with his home .
it was too near the Lone Little Path .
too many people knew where it was .
it wasn't big enough .
the front door ought to face the other way .
it was so with Johnny Chuck .
you know one cannot be dissatisfied and discontented and happy at the same time .
Jimmy Skunk was feeling very good-natured himself .
Johnny Chuck just sniffed .
Johnny just scowled .
Johnny scowled harder than ever .
and he didn't know why he had said it .
but he had said it , and because he is an obstinate little fellow he stuck to it .
JOHNNY CHUCK TURNS TRAMP
it was a funny thing to do , but he had done it .
where was he going ?
well , to tell the truth , Johnny didn't know .
but right down in his heart Johnny Chuck didn't feel half so bold as he pretended .
the fact is , Johnny Chuck already began to feel homesick .
already he was beginning to wonder where he should spend the night .
finally he passed right over Johnny Chuck .
but he didn't offer to touch him .
indeed , it seemed to Johnny that old Whitetail actually grinned and winked at him .
and right then all his fear left him .
he held his head very high .
already he felt that he had had an adventure and he longed for more .
he forgot the terrible lonesome feeling of a little while before .
he forgot that he had given away the only home he had .
in fact , he felt as if he wouldn't care if he never had another home .
yes , Sir , that is the way that Johnny Chuck felt .
do you know why ?
just because he had just begun to realize how big and strong he really was .
now it is a splendid thing to feel big and strong and brave , a very splendid thing !
but it is a bad thing to let that feeling turn to pride , foolish pride .
of course old Whitetail hadn't really been afraid of Johnny Chuck .
but foolish Johnny Chuck really thought that old Whitetail was afraid of him .
he began to talk to himself and to brag .
yes , Sir , Johnny Chuck began to brag :
Johnny Chuck gave a startled jump .
of course not !
your Green Meadows !
Ho , ho , ho !
the stranger laughed an unpleasant laugh .
so run along , little boaster !
the stranger suddenly showed all his teeth and gritted them unpleasantly .
now when Johnny Chuck heard this , great anger filled his heart .
a stranger had ordered him to leave the Green Meadows where he had been born and always lived !
he could hardly believe his own ears .
he , Johnny Chuck , would show this stranger who was master here !
with a squeal of rage , Johnny sprang at the gray old Chuck .
over and over the two little fighters rolled , biting and scratching and tearing and growling and snarling .
the stranger had been in many fights and he was very crafty .
the very thought filled him with new rage and he fought harder than ever .
after a long , long time , Johnny felt the stranger growing weaker .
Johnny fought harder than ever .
Johnny Chuck had won !
JOHNNY HAS ANOTHER ADVENTURE
he was very tired and very sore .
his clothes were torn , and he smarted dreadfully in a dozen places .
but still Johnny Chuck was happy .
Johnny Chuck smiled .
he resolved that he would never again brag or boast .
he had got to find a place to spend the night .
jolly , round , red Mr Sun was almost ready to go down to his bed behind the Purple Hills .
shadows were already beginning to creep through the Green Forest .
at last he came to a hollow log lying just out on the edge of the Green Meadows .
very carefully Johnny Chuck examined it , to be sure that no one else was using it .
just then there was a sharp hiss , a very fierce hiss .
Mr Blacksnake glided swiftly up to the old log and coiled himself in front of the opening .
then he raised his head and ran out his tongue in the most impudent way .
and because he didn't know any better , he had been afraid ever since .
but you see he didn't know about the great fight that Johnny Chuck had just won .
now Mr Blacksnake is a great bluffer , while at heart he is really a coward .
but Johnny stood his ground and showed all his sharp teeth .
instead of attacking Johnny , Mr Blacksnake glided past him and sneaked away through the grass .
Johnny Chuck awoke just as jolly , round , red Mr Sun pulled his own nightcap off .
at first Johnny couldn't think where he was .
he blinked and blinked .
then he rolled over .
but when he felt the smart of those wounds , he remembered where he was .
Johnny Chuck looked towards the open end of the old log .
Chatterer 's voice sounded as if he didn't think he had heard aright .
he stared at Johnny as if he thought Johnny had gone crazy .
finally he found his tongue .
Johnny Chuck spoke scornfully .
Johnny Chuck crawled out of the old log and stretched himself somewhat painfully .
who never looks for better things Will live his life in little rings .
so Johnny Chuck bade Chatterer good-by and started on .
it was very delightful to wander over the Green Meadows on such a beautiful spring morning .
the violets and the wind-flowers nodded to him , and the dandelions smiled up at him .
he was thinking of this , as he sat up to look over the Green Meadows .
his heart gave a great throb .
what was that over near the lone elm-tree ?
it was yes , it certainly was another Chuck !
the strange Chuck didn't answer .
Johnny ground his teeth and started for the lone elm-tree .
x . WHY JOHNNY CHUCK DIDN'T FIGHT
anger is an awful thing ; It never stops to reason .
it was so with Johnny Chuck .
now the Green Meadows are very broad , and there is room for many Chucks .
it was pure selfishness on the part of Johnny Chuck to want to drive away every other Chuck .
but anger never stops to reason .
these are my Green Meadows , and no one else has any business here unless I say so !
I 'll fix him !
he wasn't nice to see , not a bit nice .
but Johnny Chuck didn't even notice , and if he had he wouldn't have cared .
that is the trouble with anger .
it crowds out everything else , when it once fills the heart .
it was a younger Chuck and much smaller than the old gray Chuck .
it was smaller than Johnny himself .
that was because he was so angry .
anger never is fair .
pretty soon he reached the lone elm-tree .
the stranger wasn't to be seen !
no , Sir , the stranger wasn't anywhere in sight .
Johnny Chuck sat up and looked this way and looked that way , but the stranger was nowhere in sight .
he 's a coward .
but he can't get away from me so easily .
somehow the stranger managed to keep out of his sight .
and then a funny thing happened .
what do you think it was ?
why , all the anger left Johnny Chuck .
THE GREATEST THING IN THE WORLD
Johnny Chuck had begun to think about his clothes .
now this wasn't at all like Johnny Chuck .
first he had been discontented with his house and had given it to Jimmy Skunk .
now he was discontented with his clothes .
what was coming over Johnny Chuck ?
he really didn't know himself .
yes , Sir , that is what it was !
and it seemed to him that she would admire him a great deal more if he wore fine clothes .
fine clothes but catch the passing eye ; Fine deeds win love from low and high .
sometimes she would not notice him at all .
sometimes he would find her shyly peeping at him from behind a clump of grass .
sometimes she would hide from him , and when he found her she would run away .
then Johnny Chuck 's heart would swell until it seemed to him that it would fairly burst with happiness .
she seemed to delight to be with him as much as he did to be with her .
so Johnny Chuck grew happier and happier .
he was happier than he had ever been in all his life before .
you see Johnny Chuck had found the greatest thing in the world .
do you know what it is ?
it is called love .
JOHNNY CHUCK PROVES HIS LOVE
these spring days were beautiful days on the Green Meadows .
he had forgotten all about his old friends , Jimmy Skunk and Peter Rabbit and the other little meadow people .
he had even forgotten that he had started out to see the world .
all he wanted was to be where Polly Chuck was .
then he was perfectly happy .
that was because Johnny Chuck had found the greatest thing in the world , which is love .
one morning they were feasting in a patch of sweet clover over near an old stone wall .
suddenly Polly gave a little scream of fright .
Johnny Chuck looked up to see a dog almost upon her .
Johnny 's first thought was to run to the old stone wall .
he was nearer to it than Polly was .
then he saw that that dreadful dog would catch Polly before she could reach the stone wall .
but Johnny didn't run .
oh , my , no !
Johnny didn't run .
he showed all his sharp teeth and ground them savagely .
little sparks of fire seemed to snap out of his eyes .
there was no sign of fear in Johnny Chuck then , not the least little bit .
Just in front of him the dog stopped and barked .
he was a little dog , a young and foolish dog , and he was terribly excited .
he barked until he almost lost his breath .
he didn't like the looks of Johnny Chuck 's sharp teeth .
so he circled around Johnny , trying to get behind him .
he barked and barked , until it seemed as if he would bark his head off .
finally the little dog , who was young and foolish , grew tired of just dancing around and barking .
then he stopped barking and sprang straight at Johnny with an ugly growl .
Johnny Chuck was ready for him and he was quicker than the little dog .
finally Johnny had to let go to get his breath .
there he found Polly Chuck peeping out at him , and all of a tremble with fright .
POLLY AND JOHNNY CHUCK GO HOUSE HUNTING
Johnny Chuck was happy .
yes , Sir , Johnny Chuck was happy so happy that he felt like doing foolish things .
you see Johnny Chuck loved Polly Chuck and he knew now that Polly Chuck loved him .
and Johnny had felt his heart swell and swell with happiness until it almost choked him .
so now once more Johnny Chuck began to think of a new home .
he had forgotten all about seeing the world .
it was a splendid place .
from it you could see a great way in every direction .
it would be shady on hot summer days .
it was near a great big patch of sweet clover .
it seemed to Johnny Chuck that it was the best place on all the Green Meadows .
he whispered as much to Polly Chuck .
she turned up her nose .
of course not .
it was in a little hollow .
Johnny knew before he began to dig that the ground was damp , almost wet .
but if Polly wanted to live there she should , and Johnny began to dig .
where was Polly ?
he looked this way and that way anxiously .
just as he was getting ready to go hunt for her , she came hurrying back .
{ Illustration : if Polly wanted to live there she should }
this time Johnny had no fault to find with the ground .
it was high and dry .
but Polly had chosen a spot close to a road that wound down across the Green Meadows .
Johnny shook his head doubtfully , but he began to dig .
she had found a better place !
Johnny had learned by this time to waste no time digging .
and he had made up his mind to one thing .
what do you think it was ?
a NEW HOME AT LAST
and where do you think Johnny was building his new home ?
he loved them too well for that .
it was very lovely , too .
Johnny felt better when he found that out .
so he set to work to build a home , and this time he meant business .
Polly watched him get ready for work and she pouted some more .
Johnny Chuck smiled and made the dirt fly .
they make a beautiful doorway .
he made a long hall down to the snuggest of bedrooms , deep , deep down under ground .
you would never have guessed that there was a back door there .
SAMMY JAY FINDS THE NEW HOME
Johnny Chuck was missed from his old home on the Green Meadows .
yes , Sir , they thought that Johnny Chuck must be crazy .
Peter Rabbit didn't .
he knew those eyes .
they were such sharp eyes that they were unpleasant .
SAMMY JAY PLANS MISCHIEF
when he isn't actually in mischief , Sammy Jay is planning mischief .
now Sammy Jay had no quarrel with Johnny Chuck .
oh , my , no !
he would have told you that he liked Johnny Chuck .
everybody likes Johnny Chuck .
but just as soon as Sammy Jay found Johnny Chuck 's new house , he began to plan mischief .
that is Sammy Jay 's idea of fun seeing somebody else uncomfortable .
Reddy looked up .
Reddy grinned .
Reddy Fox felt flattered .
and all the time Sammy Jay knew that Reddy didn't know where it was .
well , I must be moving along .
Sammy Jay had started mischief by telling Reddy Fox where Johnny Chuck 's new house was .
he had pretended to Sammy Jay that he knew all the time where Johnny Chuck was living .
but Sammy Jay is just as sly as Reddy Fox .
he wasn't fooled for one minute , not one little minute .
he chuckled to himself as he started to look for Jimmy Skunk .
then he changed his mind .
it wasn't long before he saw Reddy Fox steal out from the Green Forest and over to the old orchard .
you see , it was broad daylight , and the old orchard was very near Farmer Brown 's house .
at every little noise he would start nervously .
then Sammy Jay would chuckle under his breath .
so Reddy Fox crept and tiptoed about through the old orchard .
at last he decided to give it up .
Reddy grinned .
it was a sly , wicked , hungry grin .
he flattened himself out in the grass behind the big apple-tree .
now Sammy Jay had been watching all this time .
the imp of mischief under Sammy 's pert cap gave him an idea .
Farmer Brown 's boy stopped work and looked over towards the old orchard .
FARMER BROWN'S BOY MAKES A DISCOVERY
Reddy Fox glared up at Sammy Jay .
you see , Reddy was afraid that Johnny Chuck would hear Sammy Jay and take warning .
Sammy said this as if he was very much surprised to see Reddy there .
Reddy Fox lost his temper .
he sat up and called Sammy Jay all the bad names he could think of .
he forgot where he was .
Sammy Jay kept right on screaming .
he made such a noise that Reddy didn't hear footsteps coming nearer and nearer .
suddenly there was a great roar right behind him .
then he started for the Green Forest , with Bowser the Hound at his heels .
Sammy Jay laughed till he lost his breath and nearly tumbled off his perch .
then he flew away , still laughing .
when he got there , of course he saw Johnny Chuck 's new house right away .
JOHNNY CHUCK'S PRIDE
it was not that he was afraid for himself .
oh , my , no !
Johnny Chuck felt perfectly able to take care of himself .
but there was Polly Chuck !
he was terribly afraid that something might happen to Polly Chuck .
so for a while Johnny Chuck worried a great deal .
you see Bowser the Hound had given him such a scare that he didn't dare to .
and Farmer Brown 's boy seemed to have forgotten all about the new house .
so after a while Johnny Chuck stopped worrying so much .
he had a secret .
yes , Sir , Johnny Chuck had a secret .
Sammy Jay came up to the old orchard almost every morning .
whatever it was , it made Johnny Chuck very happy .
he would come out on his doorstep and smile and sometimes give a funny little whistle of pure joy .
it puzzled Sammy Jay a great deal .
he couldn't see why Johnny Chuck should be any happier than he ever was .
one morning Johnny Chuck came out , looking happier than ever .
then he did foolish things .
he kicked up his heels .
he rolled over and over in the grass .
he whistled .
then suddenly he scrambled to his feet , carefully brushed his coat , and tried to look very dignified .
there was pride in the very way in which he took each step .
there was pride in the very way in which he held his head .
it was too much for Sammy Jay .
and with that , Johnny Chuck disappeared in his new house .
it was a beautiful morning .
each apple-tree was like a huge bouquet of loveliness .
he seemed very much excited , did Johnny Chuck .
he sat up very straight and looked this way and looked that way .
Sammy Jay grew impatient .
I never knew him to be so watchful before .
then Sammy Jay saw something that nearly took his breath away .
it was the head of Polly Chuck peeping out of the doorway .
it was the first time that he had seen Polly Chuck .
Polly Chuck came out on the doorstep .
she looked just as proud as Johnny Chuck , and at the same time she seemed terribly anxious .
then she put her head in at the doorway and began to call in the softest voice .
in a minute Sammy Jay saw something more .
it surprised him so that he nearly lost his balance .
then there was another and another !
Sammy Jay understood now why Johnny Chuck had been so proud for the last few days .
it was because he had a family !
he knew that his secret was a secret no longer .
SAMMY JAY HAS A CHANGE OF HEART
it is so with Sammy Jay .
yes , Sir , it is so with Sammy Jay .
he isn't .
there is some good in Sammy Jay , just as there is some good in everybody .
Johnny Chuck did .
Sammy Jay had already made a lot of trouble for Johnny Chuck .
what a chance to make trouble now !
Sammy started for the Green Forest as fast as his wings could take him .
he would tell Reddy Fox and Redtail the Hawk .
they were very fond of young Chucks .
when he reached the Green Forest and stopped in his favorite hemlock-tree to rest , he was still chuckling .
but by that time it was a different kind of a chuckle .
yes , Sir , it was a different kind of a chuckle .
it was a better chuckle to hear .
the fact is , Sammy Jay was no longer chuckling over the thought of the trouble he could make .
the more he thought about it , the more he tickled and laughed .
Sammy Jay opened his mouth to call to Redtail and tell him about Johnny Chuck 's secret .
then he closed it again with a snap .
you see , he had had a change of heart .
the little goodness way down deep inside had come out of hiding .
JOHNNY CHUCK IS KEPT BUSY
Johnny Chuck is naturally lazy .
you see , Johnny has very simple tastes and usually he is contented .
he does not have to go far from his own doorstep to get all he wants to eat .
now people who do not have to work usually become lazy .
but Johnny can work when there really is need of it .
and when there is real need of working , Johnny works with a will .
and now Johnny Chuck was the busiest he had ever been in all his life .
if he felt lazy these beautiful spring days , he didn't have time to think about it .
no , Sir , he actually didn't have time to remember that he is naturally lazy .
so Johnny Chuck was busy , so busy that he hardly had time to get enough to eat .
then he would call to Polly Chuck and the three baby Chucks .
oh , those were busy days for Johnny Chuck , and anxious days , too !
you see , Sammy Jay hadn't told Johnny Chuck 's great secret , after all .
THE SCHOOL IN THE OLD ORCHARD
you didn't know that , did you ?
well , it 's a fact .
yes , Sir , it 's a fact .
they go to the greatest school in the world , and it is called the School of Experience .
if they don't , something dreadful is almost sure to happen .
Johnny Chuck was the teacher and his three baby Chucks were the pupils .
the very first lesson that the three little Chucks had to learn was obedience .
Johnny Chuck was very particular about that .
first , there were signals .
sometimes , however , Johnny would whistle sharply .
then there was a still different whistle .
of course , there never was any real danger .
SAMMY JAY PROVES THAT HE IS NOT ALL BAD
he took them up along the old stone wall and showed them how to find safe hiding-places among the stones .
then he took them off a little way and suddenly gave the danger signal .
then he made them try it all over again .
Johnny Chuck did not see him coming .
so this morning he failed to see Farmer Brown 's boy coming .
but Sammy Jay , sitting in his snug hiding-place in the top of one of the old apple-trees , saw him .
at first Sammy Jay 's sharp eyes twinkled .
there would be some fun now !
perhaps Farmer Brown 's boy would catch one of the little Chucks !
Sammy Jay could picture to himself the fright of Johnny Chuck and the three little Chucks .
and Johnny Chuck ran .
he didn't wait to ask questions or even to look .
and just in time they reached the snug house under the old apple-tree in the far corner .
Farmer Brown 's boy was just in time to see them disappear .
but Peter wasn't there .
you may read all about it in The Adventures of Peter Cottontail .
you see it takes a whole book to tell all about Peter and his doings .
THE LILAC FAIRY BOOK
the inquirer would never be undeceived .
my part has been that of Adam , according to Mark Twain , in the Garden of Eden .
I find out where the stories are , and advise , and , in short , superintend .
I do not write the stories out of my own head .
nobody really wrote most of the stories .
they think that to write a new fairy tale is easy work .
they are mistaken : the thing is impossible .
but the three hundred and sixty-five authors who try to write new fairy tales are very tiresome .
these fairies try to be funny , and fail ; or they try to preach , and succeed .
real fairies never preach or talk slang .
at the end , the little boy or girl wakes up and finds that he has been dreaming .
there are also modern tales by a learned Scandinavian named Topelius .
but he only laughed and declared that he did not like sermons , adding :
the suddenness of it made her jump .
but there was no sleep for her that night , for she lay in the dark thinking about her son .
the Shifty Lad jumped for joy when his mother told him where she had been .
when this was done he slipped behind a rock and waited .
very soon the man came up , and seeing the shoe lying there , he stooped and looked at it .
a few minutes after the shepherd arrived , and beheld the second shoe lying on the path .
then the boy ran back and picked up the kid , and took it to the Black Gallows Bird .
there was no one in sight , and they carefully examined every part of it .
why , it is the pleasantest thing I have ever done .
if you could only see yourself !
but in reality he loved the tricks and danger , and life would have seemed very dull without them .
the Shifty Lad was too clever for them all , and if they laid traps he laid better ones .
when everyone had eaten and drunk as much as they wanted they went into the ballroom .
then he slipped the bottle back in the Wise Man 's robe .
By-and-by he went up to the king 's daughter again , and begged for the honour of another dance .
and this was the plan .
and to whomsoever the child gave the apple , that man should marry the king 's daughter .
the princess herself led the child into the room where the twenty men were now seated .
in this way the Shifty Lad won the king 's daughter , and they were married the next day .
so his mother 's prophecy had come true , after all .
West Highland Tales .
the False Prince and the True
then he came back , his face white and stern .
he spoke without thinking , but the flash of anger which darted from her eyes made him feel uncomfortable .
however , all she said was :
who would have believed a woman past ninety could walk with such speed ?
it seemed more like flying !
could that really be his wife that beautiful , beautiful creature ?
the prince was still gazing in surprise when the lady opened her eyes and smiled at him .
the Jogi 's Punishment
however , at length she found an opportunity , and made her way one evening alone to the hermit 's shrine .
at last , after much persuasion , he said :
the king , who was easily frightened , grew pale .
how am I to know it and to catch it ?
it is in the shape of a beautiful girl , but it is really an evil spirit .
however , the second time the monkey had better luck , and the fruit fell right in .
and the monkey grew tired of picking the kuyu long before the shark was tired of eating them .
of course not .
with a sigh of relief the monkey caught hold of the nearest branch and swung himself up .
then he curled himself up and went to sleep .
the monkey awoke with a start , but did not answer .
so the monkey began .
at last the hare caught sight of four hoofs in the air , and ran towards them .
if the donkey had had a heart would she be here now ?
the first time she came she knew you were trying to kill her , and ran away .
yet she came back a second time .
well , if she had had a heart would she have come back a second time ?
you will have a nice cool voyage , and I hope you will find the sultan better .
and the monkey disappeared among the green branches , and was gone .
there was once a little farmer and his wife living near Coolgarrow .
they had three children , and my story happened while the youngest was a baby .
the infant was away with a nurse .
here 's the king .
don't open your mouth to answer .
I hope I 'll never see his face again .
it is hard to have anything to do with the good people without getting a mark from them .
my brave nurse didn't escape no more than another .
now one evening the king of that country was hunting near the charcoal-burner 's hut .
and it is all because of the curiosity of old mother Eve !
Full of surprise the woman jumped up and pulled the bar away from the door .
I have no time to stay , but you seemed to be in trouble .
the king smiled , and his eyes twinkled .
but she dared not say so , and did as the king told her .
they were just about to sit down to the table when the king walked in .
oh , by the bye , there is one thing !
you notice that soup-tureen in the middle of the table ?
well , be careful on no account to lift the lid .
then , bowing to his guests , he left the room .
for many days life went on like a beautiful dream to the charcoal-burner and his wife .
as to her food , she refused one thing after another .
the king is too good-natured .
of course he didn't mean a little thing like this !
besides , there is no need to lift the lid off altogether .
just raise one corner so that I may peep .
Walter is six years old , and he must soon begin to go to school .
he cannot read yet , but he can do many other things .
when they came to the mill Walter immediately asked if there had been any wolves in the neighbourhood lately .
you can very well come with me , and take a good stick in case there are really two .
what would two do with one ram ?
such a thing must never be ; what would people say ?
now I see quite well that he is frightened .
it was a beautiful evening , and the birds were singing in all the branches .
Walter went very slowly and cautiously .
he quite thought something moved away there in the ditch .
perhaps it was a wolf .
Br-r-r , so he began to beat his drum .
then something moved again .
caw ! caw ! a crow flew up from the ditch .
Walter immediately regained courage .
very soon he came quite close to the kiln , where the wolves had killed the ram .
it was so gray and old .
who knew how many wolves there might be hidden there ?
perhaps the very ones which killed the ram were still sitting there in a corner .
but he did not go quite near .
it looked so dreadful .
the drumsticks stiffened in Walter 's hands , and he thought now they are coming ....v !
yes , sure enough , just then a shaggy , reddish-brown wolf 's head looked out from under the kiln !
what did Walter do now ?
but , alas ! the wolf ran after him .
Walter looked back ; the wolf was quicker than he and only a few steps behind him .
then Walter ran faster .
it was a gruesome tale !
now you may well believe that it was all over with Walter and all his adventures .
that would have been a pity .
yes , he shrieked terribly !
well , well , was that the wolf ?
just look a little closer at him : he is your old friend , your own good old Caro .
I quite expect he found a leg of the ram in the kiln .
Walter got up feeling very foolish .
at last his face brightened .
therefore before going to the Gruagach the king sought out a wise man of the countryside .
and he went off to the house of the Gruagach .
what is the matter ?
and the king suffered himself to be comforted .
but the sword slid swiftly and silently along the case till only the point was left touching it .
at length the horse slackened its pace .
almost blindly he struck , not knowing whether he had killed or only wounded the rider .
but the head rolled off , and was caught in the brown horse 's mouth .
but he stretched out his arm and clutched wildly at the mane and pulled himself into the saddle .
after that she kissed him , and bade him good speed .
so the king ate and lay down , and slept till the sun waked him .
then they wheeled round and kicked him till they could kick no more .
but beside the brown otter , a huge shadow came stealing along the shadow of the giant .
a French Puck
indeed , there was only one thing whose shape he could not take , and that was a needle .
this led the bride to her wedding dress , and she gave a little scream .
oh ! how could I be so stupid !
the dressmaker was delighted with the thread that was given her .
not that the ceremony was put off for a little thing like that !
the thread had vanished !
there was once a king who had three daughters .
the two eldest were very proud and quarrelsome , but the youngest was as good as they were bad .
when the last lady was out of sight , the men found the strength in their arms and legs again .
at last he saw a glimmer far down , and in a short time he felt the ground .
the prince was hungry enough , but he was too mannerly to eat without being invited .
well , I don't think they feel much hunger now .
oh , wasn't the second princess glad to see him !
but she heard the giant at the gate , and she hid the prince in a closet .
but the horses ' heels struck the stones outside the gate , and up got the giant and strode after them .
but the prince didn't leave the castle of Seven Inches without being provided with something good .
then the prince stopped again , and flung the second knife behind him .
there was joy enough between the three sisters , till the two eldest saw their lovers turned into stone .
but while they were shedding tears for them , Seven Inches came in , and touched them with his rod .
he took it in his hands and opened it , and out Seven Inches walked on the table .
so the king said they should put off the marriage .
he did not like doing this , he was so proud , but he could not refuse .
the prince was sitting in his forge , and the horses wondered what was after happening to the carriage .
every one was full of joy but the two other princes .
there was not much delay about the marriages , and they were all celebrated on the one day .
the Story of a Very Bad Boy
then he left the tree and dragged the animal to his mother 's house .
all the farmers crowded round him , each offering a higher price than the last .
instantly the truth flashed upon him .
oh , my poor friends , I am the most miserable creature in the world !
I am sure I felt her body move !
and now her nostrils are twitching .
the farmers were so astonished at her restoration , that it was some time before they could speak .
at length the eldest turned to the boy and said :
there is no manner of doubt that you are a young villain .
let us give them a lesson , and kill them as soon as we get in .
this time there was no escape .
after that they all set out to the river , where they intended to drown the boy .
so it was the beggar and not Toueno-Boueno who was flung into the water .
at the sight of him the three farmers stood still with astonishment .
well , she hadn't the heart to refuse him , and married they were the same evening .
this time the mother kept her bed for a month .
the next morning when she awoke she found herself in her own old chamber in her father 's palace .
there was great joy on both sides , and they were happy for many days .
she then lay down by her husband , gave him a kiss on the cheek , and fell asleep .
why hadn't you patience for five years ?
I won't reproach you : your punishment will be severe without it .
she shouted after him , and then seeing there was no use , she dressed herself and pursued him .
she forgot all her sorrows in a moment , hugging her child , and laughing and crying over him .
it was all joy and comfort again till morning , and then the third day 's journey commenced .
if you ever get to my house , and put your half-ring to mine , I shall recollect you .
Just then the sun rose , and away he walked towards the wood .
she went into the lodge , and asked the woodman and his wife to take her into their service .
Just as she wished , so it was .
oh , the poor wretch !
so she promised what the girl had asked her .
well , there was a great cry outside , and the castle walls were heard splitting and cracking .
everyone in the castle was alarmed , and made their way out .
no one ever saw the witch and her daughter afterwards .
it was summer time , when the pea shells grew long and green in the garden .
then the gardener came with his gun over his shoulder , and he heard something rustling in the pea bed .
then he took the peas which were in the shells and put them in the boats for cargo .
but they should not be boats , they should be large warships .
he had three liners , three frigates , three brigs and three schooners .
the largest liner was called Hercules , and the smallest schooner The Flea .
the whole fleet set off and sailed far away to other parts of the world .
but Little Lasse remained in Europe , and threw small stones out into the great sea .
father and mother had forbidden this , but Little Lasse forgot .
the pea-shell boats had travelled so far that they only looked like little specks on the ocean .
but when Little Lasse wanted to row there were no oars to be found in the boat .
it is not so easy as one thinks to row to Asia without oars .
what could Little Lasse do now ?
Lasse was frightened and began to cry .
but there was no one on the shore to hear him .
now it was too late , he could not get back to land .
perhaps he would be lost out on the great sea .
what should he do ?
and then he went to sleep .
the sun was shining and it was very warm .
tall palm trees grew in long rows on the shore and bore coconuts in their top branches .
Knaps ! it was all over the little llama .
then all the others took to flight .
they anchored at the mouth of a great river where the shores were as green as the greenest velvet .
and with that they were there .
they came to a shore where it was all so cool and familiar and friendly .
an old gardener with a green coat walked about and wondered if the cucumbers were ripe .
Fylax was barking on the steps , and when he saw Little Lasse he wagged his tail .
the dream-boy had tied him with a chain of flowers , so that he could not move .
there he lay in the boat , where he had fallen asleep .
Little Lasse rubbed the sleep out of his eyes and looked around him .
some of the ships had foundered , and some had drifted back to land .
Little Lasse did not know what to think .
the gardener was near the gate , watering the dill and parsley , the carrots and parsnips .
he has forgotten Dreamland .
but you have not forgotten it ; you know that it exists .
yes , who knows ?
then Moti went back to bed !
choosing the best-looking horse amongst them he went up to it and said :
presently the Afghans appeared , out of breath and furious , and claimed the horse .
I know you !
then it must be a fruit or a stone .
yet not a stone , because he wouldn't wrap a dirty stone in his nice clean cloth .
then it is a fruit !
it is round and it is red !
a very comical sight was Moti when he rode out to the war .
so the army started .
then , fortunately the other rock broke away from his other leg and rolled thunderously down a neighbouring ravine .
I 'll wring your neck !
far in advance , Moti continued his wild career .
Foremost of the enemy rides a mad giant at a furious gallop .
I 'll wring your neck !
quickly regaining his feet Moti began to swing his plant round his head and to shout :
bring them up and I 'll kill them .
where 's your king ?
bring him to me .
but the poor fat officer could do nothing but squat on his knees with his hands together , gasping .
a young man was out walking one day in Erin , leading a stout cart-horse by the bridle .
suddenly a hand was laid on his shoulder , and a voice said to him :
that night he rose softly , and left the house carrying the gun with him .
and thrice this happened , till the deer ran away over the moor , and the young man after her .
so four of them killed the fisher 's son and left him , and then went to bed .
by sunrise they were all out of the house , for they had far to go .
and jumping across the stream , she vanished into a wood .
but the dark lad did not tell him of the name that was written underneath his arm .
but at parting the second sister said to him , as she gave him another pair of shoes :
then the young man thanked her , and went to the third sister .
with a shriek she sprang from her seat , and the eyes of the spectators were turned towards her .
there the princes stopped .
the Wonderful Tune .
Down through Iveragh , Maurice Connor and his mother were taking their rounds .
of these Maurice Connor was not one , though he had a stiff head enough of his own .
it was a sight surprising to behold .
drink was strong in Maurice 's head , and out he chanted in return for her great civility .
Maurice was not long getting to the rim of the water .
the Rich Brother and the Poor Brother
the old man stared as he listened to her .
I hope I have not made mischief .
she did not learn much .
he was looking straight before him , his teeth set .
the young man shrank back .
meanwhile , the son whom he had disinherited had grown poorer and poorer .
then tears rose in the eyes of the elder , but winking them hastily away , he said :
the dwelling on each side were in the same unfinished condition , and water trickled down the walls .
at this answer the wife grew very angry .
a few hours later the farmer was aroused by the cries and groans of his wife .
I wish I had never eaten it .
however , they had all been too clever for him , and he had no strength to fight any more .
he did not take long to state his case .
the judge listened quietly and asked a few questions ; then he gave his verdict .
the rich man heard the judge with rage in his heart , the poor man with surprise and gratitude .
but he was not safe yet , for now it was the turn of the farmer .
the young men looked at each other , and slowly shook their heads .
but she had no corn to clean .
she sat at home , sad and hungry , when a neighbour knocked at the door .
and he went his way .
at length she said to herself ,
then she thought she was quite rich .
in the evening her husband returned from hunting a long way off , and found his wife in tears .
so before sunrise he got up and set out for his sister 's house , and found her cleaning some corn .
the sight of the huts made her feel more lonely and helpless than before .
and at this thought her courage failed , and she began to cry bitterly .
away they went , and the young man fell asleep , and slept long .
suddenly he was awakened by something wet and salt falling on his face .
and the master , greatly wondering , climbed up the tree .
come home to my father and mother .
when the man was gone , the girl climbed down , and hid herself on the ground in some bushes .
then he got in on the other side , and waited till his attendants came up .
do you know why she had lost it ?
then the people of the town cut off her hand , and turned her into the forest .
the king listened , and his face grew dark .
but this did not content the brother .
and with this the envious brother was forced to be content .
suddenly she raised her eyes , and saw a snake wriggling from under the bushes towards her .
in another minute the snake had reached her side , and to her surprise he spoke .
when it was out of sight , a voice from the pot said :
and he told them all his adventures , and how he had escaped from his enemy .
the father and mother snake could not do enough to show their gratitude .
in this manner many weeks passed by .
and what was the prince doing ?
but the prince did not answer any of them .
there was a pause .
the young man stood silent .
but now , this somehow did not seem so certain .
could it be that they were ashamed of themselves ?
only no one dared to speak to him of his wife and son .
but the girl shook her head and pushed the shining heap away from her .
the two snakes looked at each other in dismay .
the ring and the casket were the only things they did not want her to have .
then after a short pause they spoke .
then they both gave her their blessing , and she picked up her baby and went her way .
here she stopped under a grove of palm trees , and told the ring that she wanted a house .
her heart beat fast .
could her husband be among them ?
then , taking the child 's hand , she went to the door and waited .
and when the king asked her what news there was in the town she only answered :
but what has happened ?
and he turned and looked fiercely at his father .
never was such a tree seen before .
I have never beheld one like it before .
soon the man returned , with the girl walking behind him .
the Sea King 's Gift
there was once a fisherman who was called Salmon , and his Christian name was Matte .
he lived by the shore of the big sea ; where else could he live ?
he had a wife called Maie ; could you find a better name for her ?
the rock was called Ahtola , and was not larger than the market-place of a town .
between the crevices there grew a little rowan tree and four alder bushes .
heaven only knows how they ever came there ; perhaps they were brought by the winter storms .
rock walls sheltered them on the north side , and the sun shone on them on the south .
Maie sighed .
they were students , on a boating excursion , and wanted to get something to eat .
Maie was silent .
Matte did not understand .
Prince sat on his hind legs with delight and mewed like a pussy cat .
she had good ears , and had laid to heart the story about Ahti .
towards evening , however , his wife said :
about midnight the fisherman sat up , and said to his wife :
Matte lay down , but soon rose again .
for the third time he jumped out of bed .
both rose .
in all his life Matte had never remembered such a night .
to launch the boat and put to sea to rescue the net was a thing not to be thought of .
as there was nothing to be done , they went in .
Matte could not believe his eyes .
from that day the red rock overflowed with milk and junkets , and every net was filled with fish .
Matte and Maie grew fat on this fine living , and daily became richer .
she churned quantities of butter , and he hired two men to help him in his fishing .
So Maie got several servants and clothes fit for a great lady .
his wife set out in the new steamer and sang to the sea-king .
next morning thirty cows stood on the shore , all finding food for themselves .
Maie loaded her boat with stones and went out to sea .
it is only an old stick .
no , no , old woman , another time we will be more careful .
yes , and what more is there to tell about a raspberry worm ?
who would give three straws for such a miserable little thing ?
now it was just dinner time , so they all had a dinner of raspberries and cream .
so Aina and Lisa went off to the wood .
the girls climbed well in their short dresses , and soon they were deep in the wood .
there were plenty of bilberries and elder berries , but no raspberries .
no , it could not be true ! ....x they came to a large raspberry wood .
Lisa picked , Aina picked .
then they were so tired that they sat down on a stone and began to cry .
I have a glass of milk in my hand !
the girls , however , were very hungry , so they ate and drank with a good appetite .
now I will send a bird from my wood to show you the way home .
one can imagine what joy there was when the two reached home .
it is this story that I am going to tell to you .
Plouhinec is a small town near Hennebonne by the sea .
at this sound the donkey raised her head and shook her ears , and turned towards the ox .
the beggar scrambled to his feet , and without a pause walked quickly down the road that led northwards .
Bernez ceased his task for a moment to look at him .
just let me finish carving this cross .
as the hour struck from the great church at Plouhinec , Bernez entered the wood .
he found the beggar already there with a bag in each hand , and a third slung round his neck .
it seemed as if a procession of giants had gone by .
the stones had finished drinking , and were hastening back to their places .
and as he spoke he stretched out the magic herbs to the stones , which were advancing rapidly .
then Peronnik looked up .
he paused , and the woman shook her head .
the idiot rose and was opening the gate which led into the forest when the farmer himself came up .
and what were those grey forms trotting away in the distance ?
were they could they be wolves ?
this was the flower that laughs , and no one who looked at it could help laughing too .
the path soon led to the lake of the dragons , which he had to swim across .
the day was hot , and after a while the man began to grow sleepy .
two of his eyes closed , and Peronnik sang gently .
in a moment a third eye shut , and Peronnik sang on .
the black man was asleep altogether .
Peronnik heard , and , scarcely knowing what he did drew the colt into a slower pace .
would the lady be there , as the old man had told him ?
leaving the magician where he lay , Peronnik entered the palace , bearing with him the flower that laughs .
thus he made his way to the city of Nantes , which at that moment was besieged by the French .
the men who were following stood still , amazed .
the string was easy to untie , and the king 's son soon unfastened the bundle .
then he remembered his promise , and remembered , too , that he had told the queen nothing about it .
now he must tell her , and perhaps she might help him in his trouble .
they had not walked far when the giant stopped and stretched out a stick to the boy .
before they had gone far he stopped , and held out a stick .
so the boy wandered to the top of the castle , where he had never been before .
off to the moor he went , but never a bird was to be seen that day .
when he woke the girl had disappeared , and he got up , and returned to the byre .
at the door of the house he met the giant .
beside the loch thou seest over yonder there grows a fir tree .
but then he was a king 's son and not a sailor , which made all the difference .
so he went and gave the eggs to the giant , who nodded his head .
the king 's son looked from one to another .
which was the youngest ?
suddenly his eyes fell on the hand of the middle one , and there was no little finger .
the bed was cold and empty !
so he took them home , and started afresh on his journey .
then it took him but a short time to hew his way through the rock .
and after that he did not remember the giant 's daughter .
hanging his head , he went home , but he told no one what had befallen him .
and thankfully , he ran off , and was not seen looking behind him .
and when they had eaten and drunk , Kynon , the oldest among them , began his story .
and at this the man smiled and answered :
he carries a club of iron , and two white men could hardly lift it .
as for the club , Kai , it would have been a burden for four of our warriors .
and the black man only looked at them and bade them go and feed .
and they bowed themselves before him , as vassals before their lord .
then the sun will shine again , but every leaf of the tree will by lying on the ground .
if thou turnest to flee , he will overtake thee .
the horse is still in the stable , and I would not part with it for any in Britain .
and as he spoke Arthur awoke , and asked if he had not slept for a little .
then he heard the voice , and turning to look found the knight galloping to meet him .
then a maiden with curling hair of gold looked through the little door and bade Owen open the gate .
and Owen looked on her and loved her .
and he followed Luned to the chamber of her mistress .
then they went out .
in this way three years passed , and no man in the world was more beloved than Owen .
and Kai met him and fought him , and was overthrown by him .
then the knight rode away , and Arthur and his men encamped where they stood .
so they rode to the castle of the countess of the fountain , and spent three months in resting and feasting .
if there is any life in him that will bring it back .
soon the man began to move his arms , and then rose slowly to his feet .
then the maiden guided him to the castle , and kindled a fire , and brought him food .
swiftly Owen put on his armour and went forth to meet the giant , and the lion followed at his heels .
but the youths made a sign for the fight to stop , and said :
then the maiden rode back with Owen to the lands of the lady of the fountain .
and he took the lady with him to Arthur 's court , where they lived happily till they died .
seizing her niece by the arm , she pulled her sharply away , exclaiming :
the old woman shook her head .
then , rising , she nodded to Tephany and vanished .
if it had not been for the pin in her hands she would have thought she was dreaming .
he is so clever , you know .
the young man was struck dumb by her talk .
perhaps she had gone suddenly mad , and there was an evil spirit inside her .
of course they heard of her jests , and shook their heads saying :
Lonely and miserable she sat down by the fire and stared into the red embers .
then , flinging the feather from her hair , she put her head on her hands , and sobbed passionately .
that is what I ought to have asked for .
on the way she met a beautiful carriage with a young man seated in it .
the door was banged , and the horses whipped up into a gallop .
it did not seem easy .
by this time night had fallen , and Tephany was very tired .
thankfully she found herself at the gate of a convent , and asked if she might stay there till morning .
in front of the house was a group of people ; two or three women and the sons of the farmer .
as the days went on Tephany grew paler and paler , till everybody noticed it except her aunt .
sure enough , there was the little box with the precious ointment .
she was in the act of rubbing her eyes with it when Barbaik Bourhis entered the room .
ah ! it is no wonder if the farm is ruined .
but what was her surprise when she saw that each tear-drop was a round and shining pearl .
but Tephany could hardly bear any more .
so the two went out , leaving Tephany behind them .
let me never see them again , but I have learned the lesson that they taught me .
she implored Houarn not to leave her , but he would listen to nothing .
then they cried for a little on each other 's necks , and Houarn started for the mountains .
as he listened Houarn 's mind was made up .
in a large hall the Groac'h was lying on a couch of gold .
at the sight of her Houarn stopped , dazzled by her beauty .
the young man gazed at her in surprise .
but though Houarn held his peace , he was not as happy as before .
something seemed to have gone wrong , and then he suddenly remembered Bellah .
on hearing this Houarn leaped into the air , as if he already felt himself frizzling in the golden pot .
on hearing this Bellah began to laugh .
the hat was cut from the heart of the cabbage , and a pair of shoes from the thick stem .
she struggled hard to tear the net asunder , but it was no use .
there were so many of them that it took quite a long time .
for a time they desired nothing more , but when the next year began they grew weary .
when Pryderi heard of it , he was very wroth , and wished to stay and fight .
but the counsels of Manawyddan prevailed , and they moved by night to another city .
we will buy the leather ready dressed , and will make the shoes from it .
and the craftsmen were wroth , and banded together to slay them .
so they journeyed until they came to their lands at Narberth .
after that a strange thing happened .
and he came out , and made a stand as the dogs rushed on him , driven on by the men .
there , in the centre of the courtyard , she beheld Pryderi standing , and hastened towards him .
so they set forth .
filled with dismay he hastened to the second field , and there the corn was ripe and golden .
so he hid himself and waited .
and the priest went his way .
therefore I changed them .
then Manawyddan held out his hands and greeted Pryderi and Rhiannon , and they seated themselves joyfully on the grass .
and he was satisfied in his soul , but one more question he put to the bishop .
now the others out on the moor grew hungrier and hungrier .
and he went and found them in the stable .
no man was present , but only some women spinning at their wheels .
the women looked at each other .
as soon as the first husband came home his wife said to him :
so he did , and when he was in his bed his wife went to him and said :
soon the second man came home , and his wife said to him :
and the naked man stood alone at the head of the coffin .
very soon a man came out of the wood and spoke to him .
and the bird , much offended , spread his wings and flew away .
but the following day he came back again , and said to the second girl :
and the hoodie was more angry than before , and went away in a rage .
when they woke again it was morning , and the baby was gone .
the next year the hoodie's wife had another son , and this time a watch was set at every door .
but it was no use .
the two sisters returned home , but the wife followed the hoodie .
sometimes she would see him on a hill-top , and then would hasten after him , hoping to catch him .
and when the sun rose she got up , and left the house , in search of the hoodie .
and when dawn came , she got up and told the woman .
but I will help you .
the girl thanked her , and put on the cloths and went down the road to do her bidding .
Early one morning she set out for the hill of poison .
Jegu , for that was his name , of course heard of this , and it made him very unhappy .
the young man glanced up in surprise , and asked who was there .
perhaps I may tell you later .
indeed , Barbaik had only to express a wish for it to be satisfied .
Jegu would always be there to work for her and save for her , and watch over her .
the marriage took place the following month , and a few days later the old man died quite suddenly .
but once more the brownie stepped in , and was better than ten labourers .
but by the time the people were about all was finished , and the little fellows had disappeared .
and all the payment the brownie ever asked for was a bowl of broth .
Barbaik was furious .
while now I can receive no presents except from my husband .
I can never dance , except with my husband .
full of excitement , Barbaik started on her journey .
at length she caught some words uttered by one man to another .
yes ; it was true .
her horse had no tail !
but long before this changes had taken place in the court of Kilweh 's father .
then she further bade him to see to her grave that nothing might grow thereon .
when he heard this Kilweh felt proud and happy .
so Glewlwyd unbarred the gate and Kilweh rode in upon his charger .
then Arthur summoned his five best men and bade them go with Kilweh .
soon they heard steps approaching , and Kai and the rest entered into the house and ate and drank .
four white trefoils sprang up where she trod , and therefore was she called Olwen .
whatever is , must be , but this counsel I will give you .
but Bedwyr saw and caught it , and flung it back so hard that it pierced the knee of Yspaddaden .
the third day Arthur 's men returned to the palace into the presence of Yspaddaden .
the next day Arthur 's men came again to the palace and said :
and Kilweh sat himself in a chair and spoke face to face with him .
for thou must bring me the basket of Gwyddneu Garanhir which will give meat to the whole world .
it is for thy wedding feast .
the speech of Kilweh the son of Kilydd with Yspaddaden Penkawr was ended .
but little did Arthur 's men heed his warning , and they went straight to the gate .
then was the sword of Gwrnach brought to him .
so the porter opened the gate and Bedwyr entered .
then said Kai :
but with it he struck a blow at the head of the giant , and it rolled from his body .
SO they journeyed until they came to the nest of an ousel , and Gwrhyr spoke to her .
and the ousel answered :
yet all that time I have never once heard of the man you name .
but when they inquired of the owl if he knew aught of Mabon he shook his head .
yet until to-day I have never heard of the man you name .
unless he may know something of the man whom you seek I cannot tell who may .
at length he stopped above a deep pool in a river .
and the salmon answered :
ANNE OF GREEN GABLES
ANNE OF GREEN GABLES
she was sitting there one afternoon in early June .
yet something must have happened since last night to start him off .
to be sure , the long lane made it a good deal further .
Mrs Rachel Lynde did not call living in such a place living at all .
with this Mrs Rachel stepped out of the lane into the backyard of Green Gables .
one could have eaten a meal off the ground without over-brimming the proverbial peck of dirt .
Mrs Rachel rapped smartly at the kitchen door and stepped in when bidden to do so .
Mrs Rachel was getting fairly dizzy with this unusual mystery about quiet , unmysterious Green Gables .
won't you sit down ?
Marilla 's lips twitched understandingly .
she was actually stricken dumb for five seconds .
Mrs Rachel felt that she had received a severe mental jolt .
she thought in exclamation points .
Marilla and Matthew Cuthbert of all people adopting a boy !
well , the world was certainly turning upside down !
she would be surprised at nothing after this !
her cousin lives there and Mrs Spencer has visited here and knows all about it .
we thought we 'd get a boy .
and you know how desperate hard it 's got to be to get hired help .
at first Matthew suggested getting a Home boy .
we mean to give him a good home and schooling .
so Matthew went to Bright River to meet him .
Mrs Spencer will drop him off there .
you don't know what you 're getting .
I 've had some qualms myself .
but Matthew was terrible set on it .
I could see that , so I gave in .
and then Nova Scotia is right close to the Island .
it isn't as if we were getting him from England or the States .
I wonder at Mrs Alexander Spencer for doing it .
Mrs Rachel would have liked to stay until Matthew came home with his imported orphan .
it would certainly make a sensation second to none , and Mrs Rachel dearly loved to make a sensation .
well , I 'm sorry for that poor young one and no mistake .
I wouldn't be in that orphan 's shoes for anything .
Matthew Cuthbert is surprised
|MATTHEW Cuthbert and the sorrel mare jogged comfortably over the eight miles to Bright River .
had he looked he could hardly have failed to notice the tense rigidity and expectation of her attitude and expression .
she 's sitting out there on the shingles .
he should be here .
the stationmaster whistled .
she had been watching him ever since he had passed her and she had her eyes on him now .
the horse is over in the yard .
I 've got all my worldly goods in it , but it isn't heavy .
it 's an extremely old carpet-bag .
we 've got to drive a long piece , haven't we ?
Mrs Spencer said it was eight miles .
I 'm glad because I love driving .
oh , it seems so wonderful that I 'm going to live with you and belong to you .
but the asylum was the worst .
it 's worse than anything you could imagine .
it 's so easy to be wicked without knowing it , isn't it ?
they were good , you know the asylum people .
but there is so little scope for the imagination in an asylum only just in the other orphans .
there isn't a pick on my bones .
I 've never seen one , but I can imagine what she would look like .
I don't ever expect to be a bride myself .
I suppose a foreign missionary mightn't be very particular .
but I do hope that some day I shall have a white dress .
that is my highest ideal of earthly bliss .
I just love pretty clothes .
and then I can imagine that I 'm dressed gorgeously .
all the orphans had to wear them , you know .
a merchant in Hopeton last winter donated three hundred yards of wincey to the asylum .
I wasn't a bit sick coming over in the boat .
neither was Mrs Spencer although she generally is .
she said she hadn't time to get sick , watching to see that I didn't fall overboard .
she said she never saw the beat of me for prowling about .
but if it kept her from being seasick it 's a mercy I did prowl , isn't it ?
this Island is the bloomiest place .
I just love it already , and I 'm so glad I 'm going to live here .
it 's delightful when your imaginations come true , isn't it ?
but those red roads are so funny .
she said I must have asked her a thousand already .
isn't it splendid to think of all the things there are to find out about ?
it just makes me feel glad to be alive it 's such an interesting world .
if you say so I 'll stop .
Matthew , much to his own surprise , was enjoying himself .
but he had never expected to enjoy the society of a little girl .
and people laugh at me because I use big words .
but it isn't it 's firmly fastened at one end .
Mrs Spencer said your place was named Green Gables .
I asked her all about it .
and she said there were trees all around it .
I was gladder than ever .
I just love trees .
they just looked like orphans themselves , those trees did .
it used to make me want to cry to look at them .
I felt sorry to leave them behind this morning .
is there a brook anywhere near Green Gables ?
it 's always been one of my dreams to live near a brook .
dreams don't often come true , do they ?
wouldn't it be nice if they did ?
but just now I feel pretty nearly perfectly happy .
she twitched one of her long glossy braids over her thin shoulder and held it up before Matthew 's eyes .
I can imagine them away .
I can imagine that I have a beautiful rose-leaf complexion and lovely starry violet eyes .
but I cannot imagine that red hair away .
I do my best .
but all the time I know it is just plain red and it breaks my heart .
it will be my lifelong sorrow .
her hair was pure gold rippling back from her alabaster brow .
what is an alabaster brow ?
it 's certain I 'll never be angelically good .
Mrs Spencer says oh , Mr Cuthbert !
Overhead was one long canopy of snowy fragrant bloom .
its beauty seemed to strike the child dumb .
they don't go far enough .
it 's the first thing I ever saw that couldn't be improved upon by imagination .
but they shouldn't call that lovely place the Avenue .
there is no meaning in a name like that .
isn't that a nice imaginative name ?
other people may call that place the Avenue , but I shall always call it the White Way of Delight .
I 'm glad and I 'm sorry .
I 'm sorry because this drive has been so pleasant and I 'm always sorry when pleasant things end .
and it 's so often the case that it isn't pleasanter .
that has been my experience anyhow .
but I 'm glad to think of getting home .
you see , I 've never had a real home since I can remember .
they had driven over the crest of a hill .
from the marsh at the head of the pond came the clear , mournfully-sweet chorus of the frogs .
yes , that is the right name for it .
I know because of the thrill .
Matthew ruminated .
do you think it can ?
Orchard Slope 's the name of his place .
if it wasn't for that big bush behind it you could see Green Gables from here .
I 'd ruther Jane or Mary or some sensible name like that .
oh , here we are at the bridge .
I 'm going to shut my eyes tight .
I 'm always afraid going over bridges .
so I shut my eyes .
but I always have to open them for all when I think we 're getting near the middle .
what a jolly rumble it makes !
I always like the rumble part of it .
there we 're over .
now I 'll look back .
I think they like it .
she opened her eyes and looked about her .
they were on the crest of a hill .
the sun had set some time since , but the landscape was still clear in the mellow afterlight .
below was a little valley and beyond a long , gently-rising slope with snug farmsteads scattered along it .
from one to another the child 's eyes darted , eager and wistful .
Matthew slapped the reins on the sorrel 's back delightedly .
all she said might just as well have been about most of those other places .
I hadn't any real idea what it looked like .
but just as soon as I saw it I felt it was home .
oh , it seems as if I must be in a dream .
with a sigh of rapture she relapsed into silence .
Matthew stirred uneasily .
Marilla Cuthbert is Surprised
he nodded at the child , remembering that he had never even asked her name .
she brought her .
I asked the station-master .
and I had to bring her home .
suddenly she seemed to grasp the full meaning of what had been said .
I might have expected it .
nobody ever did want me .
I might have known it was all too beautiful to last .
I might have known nobody really did want me .
oh , what shall I do ?
burst into tears she did .
Marilla and Matthew looked at each other deprecatingly across the stove .
neither of them knew what to say or do .
finally Marilla stepped lamely into the breach .
you 'll have to stay here until we investigate this affair .
the child hesitated for a moment .
it looks so much nicer .
I can ; and A-n-n looks dreadful , but A-n-n-e looks so much more distinguished .
but Mrs Spencer said distinctly that you wanted a girl about eleven years old .
and the matron said she thought I would do .
you don't know how delighted I was .
Lily is only five years old and she is very beautiful and had nut-brown hair .
we want a boy to help Matthew on the farm .
a girl would be of no use to us .
take off your hat .
Anne took off her hat meekly .
Matthew came back presently and they sat down to supper .
but Anne could not eat .
she did not really make any headway at all .
Anne sighed .
I 'm in the depths of despair .
it 's a very uncomfortable feeling indeed .
I had one chocolate caramel once two years ago and it was simply delicious .
I do hope you won't be offended because I can't eat .
Marilla had been wondering where Anne should be put to bed .
Anne nodded .
the matron of the asylum made them for me .
they 're fearfully skimpy .
I hate skimpy night-dresses .
I 'll come back in a few minutes for the candle .
I daren't trust you to put it out yourself .
when Marilla had gone Anne looked around her wistfully .
the whitewashed walls were so painfully bare and staring that she thought they must ache over their own bareness .
in one corner was the bed , a high , old-fashioned one , with four dark , low-turned posts .
above it hung a little six-by-eight mirror .
Anne 's white face and big eyes appeared over the bedclothes with a startling suddenness .
then she dived down into invisibility again .
Marilla went slowly down to the kitchen and proceeded to wash the supper dishes .
Richard Spencer 's folks have twisted that message somehow .
one of us will have to drive over and see Mrs Spencer tomorrow , that 's certain .
Marilla 's astonishment could not have been greater if Matthew had expressed a predilection for standing on his head .
I saw that at once .
it 's nothing in her favour , either .
I don't like children who have so much to say .
I don't want an orphan girl and if I did she isn't the style I 'd pick out .
there 's something I don't understand about her .
and up-stairs , in the east gable , a lonely , heart-hungry , friendless child cried herself to sleep .
for a moment she could not remember where she was .
this was Green Gables and they didn't want her because she wasn't a boy !
but it was morning and , yes , it was a cherry-tree in full bloom outside of her window .
Anne dropped on her knees and gazed out into the June morning , her eyes glistening with delight .
oh , wasn't it beautiful ?
wasn't it a lovely place ?
suppose she wasn't really going to stay here !
she would imagine she was .
there was scope for imagination here .
Marilla had come in unheard by the small dreamer .
Anne stood up and drew a long breath .
don't you feel as if you just loved the world on a morning like this ?
and I can hear the brook laughing all the way up here .
have you ever noticed what cheerful things brooks are ?
they 're always laughing .
even in winter-time I 've heard them under the ice .
I 'm so glad there 's a brook near Green Gables .
I 'm not in the depths of despair this morning .
I never can be in the morning .
isn't it a splendid thing that there are mornings ?
but I feel very sad .
it was a great comfort while it lasted .
wash your face and comb your hair .
leave the window up and turn your bedclothes back over the foot of the bed .
as a matter of fact , however , she had forgotten to turn back the bedclothes .
I 'm so glad it 's a sunshiny morning .
but I like rainy mornings real well , too .
all sorts of mornings are interesting , don't you think ?
who would want such a child about the place ?
when the meal was ended Anne came out of her reverie and offered to wash the dishes .
I 'm better at looking after children , though .
I 've had so much experience at that .
what 's to be done with you I don't know .
you 'll come with me and we 'll settle what 's to be done with you .
it 's hard enough now , so I won't make it any harder .
there is no use in loving things if you have to be torn from them , is there ?
and it 's so hard to keep from loving things , isn't it ?
that was why I was so glad when I thought I was going to live here .
I thought I 'd have so many things to love and nothing to hinder me .
I mean just a name you gave it yourself .
didn't you give it a name ?
may I give it one then ?
it makes them seem more like people .
you wouldn't like to be called nothing but a woman all the time .
yes , I shall call it Bonny .
I named that cherry-tree outside my bedroom window this morning .
I called it Snow Queen because it was so white .
she 'll be casting a spell over me , too .
she 's cast it over Matthew .
I wish he was like other men and would talk things out .
there Marilla left her until the early dinner was on the table .
Matthew nodded and looked wistfully at Anne .
still Matthew said nothing and Marilla had a sense of having wasted words and breath .
Matthew hitched the sorrel into the buggy in due time and Marilla and Anne set off .
CHAPTER V Anne 's History
of course , you must make it up firmly .
I am not going to think about going back to the asylum while we 're having our drive .
I 'm just going to think about the drive .
isn't it lovely ?
don't you think it must be glad to be a rose ?
wouldn't it be nice if roses could talk ?
I 'm sure they could tell us such lovely things .
I love it , but I can't wear it .
Redheaded people can't wear pink , not even in imagination .
Anne sighed .
I 'm rather glad I have one .
Avonlea is a lovely name .
it just sounds like music .
Just you stick to bald facts .
begin at the beginning .
my father 's name was Walter Shirley , and he was a teacher in the Bolingbroke High School .
my mother 's name was Bertha Shirley .
aren't Walter and Bertha lovely names ?
I 'm so glad my parents had nice names .
Anne looked thoughtful .
I don't believe a rose would be as nice if it was called a thistle or a skunk cabbage .
a husband was enough responsibility .
they went to live in a weeny-teeny little yellow house in Bolingbroke .
I 've never seen that house , but I 've imagined it thousands of times .
yes , and muslin curtains in all the windows .
Muslin curtains give a house such an air .
I was born in that house .
she died of fever when I was just three months old .
I do wish she 'd lived long enough for me to remember calling her mother .
you see , nobody wanted me even then .
it seems to be my fate .
she brought me up by hand .
it was a very lonesome place .
I 'm sure I could never have lived there if I hadn't had an imagination .
Mr Hammond worked a little sawmill up there , and Mrs Hammond had eight children .
she had twins three times .
I like babies in moderation , but twins three times in succession is too much .
I told Mrs Hammond so firmly , when the last pair came .
she divided her children among her relatives and went to the States .
I had to go to the asylum at Hopeton , because nobody would take me .
Anne finished up with another sigh , of relief this time .
evidently she did not like talking about her experiences in a world that had not wanted her .
I went a little the last year I stayed with Mrs Thomas .
but of course I went while I was at the asylum .
don't you just love poetry that gives you a crinkly feeling up and down your back ?
her sensitive little face suddenly flushed scarlet and embarrassment sat on her brow .
they had a good deal to worry them , you know .
Marilla asked no more questions .
pity was suddenly stirring in her heart for the child .
no wonder she had been so delighted at the prospect of a real home .
it was a pity she had to be sent back .
and there 's nothing rude or slangy in what she does say .
she 's ladylike .
I lived it over in happy dreams for years .
but this shore is nicer than the Marysville shore .
aren't those gulls splendid ?
would you like to be a gull ?
oh , I can just imagine myself doing it .
Mr Kirke runs it , but the season hasn't begun yet .
Marilla Makes Up Her Mind
you 'll put your horse in ?
a blight seemed to have descended on her .
Nancy is a terrible flighty thing .
anyhow , the mistake has been made and the only thing to do is to set it right .
can we send the child back to the asylum ?
Anne will be the very girl for you .
Marilla did not look as if she thought Providence had much to do with the matter .
but she had heard of her .
take the armchair , Miss Cuthbert .
let me take your hats .
Flora Jane , go out and put the kettle on .
good afternoon , Mrs Blewett .
Mrs Blewett , Miss Cuthbert .
please excuse me for just a moment .
was she to be given into the keeping of this sharp-faced , sharp-eyed woman ?
she felt a lump coming up in her throat and her eyes smarted painfully .
I was certainly told so .
you don't look as if there was much to you .
but you 're wiry .
I don't know but the wiry ones are the best after all .
yes , I suppose I might as well take her off your hands , Miss Cuthbert .
More-over , she did not fancy Mrs Blewett .
no , she could not take the responsibility of doing that !
in fact I may say that Matthew is disposed to keep her .
I just came over to find out how the mistake had occurred .
I think I 'd better take her home again and talk it over with Matthew .
if we don't you may know that she is going to stay with us .
during Marilla 's speech a sunrise had been dawning on Anne 's face .
Marilla smothered a smile under the conviction that Anne must be reproved for such a speech .
when they arrived back at Green Gables that evening Matthew met them in the lane .
then she briefly told him Anne 's history and the result of the interview with Mrs Spencer .
I 've been thinking over the idea until I 've got kind of used to it .
but I 'll do my best .
Matthew 's shy face was a glow of delight .
so you just leave me to manage her .
did you ever suppose you 'd see the day when you 'd be adopting an orphan girl ?
Anne Says Her Prayers
|WHEN Marilla took Anne up to bed that night she said stiffly :
that is a very untidy habit , and I can't allow it at all .
as soon as you take off any article of clothing fold it neatly and place it on the chair .
they always made us do that at the asylum .
were you never taught to say your prayers ?
God always wants little girls to say their prayers .
Marilla looked rather relieved .
you 're not quite a heathen .
they made us learn the whole catechism .
I liked it pretty well .
there 's something splendid about some of the words .
isn't that grand ?
it has such a roll to it just like a big organ playing .
don't you know it 's a terrible wicked thing not to say your prayers every night ?
and anyhow I 'd always be too tired at night to bother saying prayers .
people who have to look after twins can't be expected to say their prayers .
Marilla decided that Anne 's religious training must be begun at once .
plainly there was no time to be lost .
but you 'll have to tell me what to say for this once .
Anne knelt at Marilla 's knee and looked up gravely .
if I really wanted to pray I 'll tell you what I 'd do .
and then I 'd just feel a prayer .
well , I 'm ready .
Marilla felt more embarrassed than ever .
I 'm really extremely grateful for them .
and that 's all the blessings I can think of just now to thank Thee for .
Marilla retreated to the kitchen , set the candle firmly on the table , and glared at Matthew .
she 's next door to a perfect heathen .
will you believe that she never said a prayer in her life till tonight ?
and she shall go to Sunday-school just as soon as I can get some suitable clothes made for her .
well , well , we can't get through this world without our share of trouble .
Anne 's Bringing-up Is Begun
it 's a dreadful feeling .
Anne went and attended to the dishcloth .
then she returned to Marilla and fastened imploring eyes of the latter 's face .
I was glad about the White Way and the cherry blossoms but this !
I 'm so happy .
I 'll try to be so good .
however , I 'll do my very best .
I 'm afraid you both cry and laugh far too easily .
yes , you can stay here and we will try to do right by you .
it would make me feel as if I really belonged to you .
Anne drew a long breath .
it was nearly as long as a minister 's and so poetical .
but would you believe it ?
I couldn't remember one word when I woke up this morning .
somehow , things never are so good when they 're thought out a second time .
Anne came back to earth with a start .
she looks lonely and sad , don't you think ?
I guess she hadn't any father or mother of her own .
I 'm sure I know just how she felt .
she was afraid He mightn't notice her .
but it 's likely He did , don't you think ?
but I wish the artist hadn't painted Him so sorrowful looking .
all His pictures are like that , if you 've noticed .
Anne 's eyes marveled .
take that card and come right to the kitchen .
but I didn't like it then .
he had such a cracked voice and he prayed it so mournfully .
I really felt sure he thought praying was a disagreeable duty .
this isn't poetry , but it makes me feel just the same way poetry does .
that is just like a line of music .
she 's visiting her aunt over at Carmody just now .
you 'll have to be careful how you behave yourself , though .
Mrs Barry is a very particular woman .
Anne looked at Marilla through the apple blossoms , her eyes aglow with interest .
her hair isn't red , is it ?
she has black eyes and hair and rosy cheeks .
when I lived with Mrs Thomas she had a bookcase in her sitting room with glass doors .
one of the doors was broken .
Mr Thomas smashed it one night when he was slightly intoxicated .
I called her Katie Maurice , and we were very intimate .
I used to talk to her by the hour , especially on Sunday , and tell her everything .
Katie was the comfort and consolation of my life .
when I went to live with Mrs Hammond it just broke my heart to leave Katie Maurice .
there was no bookcase at Mrs Hammond 's .
it echoed back every word you said , even if you didn't talk a bit loud .
it will be well for you to have a real live friend to put such nonsense out of your head .
I couldn't talk of them to everybody their memories are too sacred for that .
oh , look , here 's a big bee just tumbled out of an apple blossom .
fancy going to sleep in it when the wind was rocking it .
I told you to learn that prayer and not talk .
but the temptation was irresistible .
Anne sighed , retreated to the east gable , and sat down in a chair by the window .
I learned that last sentence coming upstairs .
now I 'm going to imagine things into this room so that they 'll always stay imagined .
the walls are hung with gold and silver brocade tapestry .
the furniture is mahogany .
I never saw any mahogany , but it does sound so luxurious .
I can see my reflection in that splendid big mirror hanging on the wall .
my name is the Lady Cordelia Fitzgerald .
she danced up to the little looking-glass and peered into it .
her pointed freckled face and solemn gray eyes peered back at her .
I wonder if Diana is to be my bosom friend .
I hope she will , and I shall love her very much .
but I must never quite forget Katie Maurice and Violetta .
Mrs Rachel Lynde Is Properly Horrified
|ANNE had been a fortnight at Green Gables before Mrs Lynde arrived to inspect her .
Mrs Rachel , to do her justice , was not to blame for this .
Anne had made good use of every waking moment of that fortnight .
already she was acquainted with every tree and shrub about the place .
when details were exhausted Mrs Rachel introduced the real reason of her call .
Matthew took a fancy to her .
and I must say I like her myself although I admit she has her faults .
I suppose you 'd like to see Anne .
lawful heart , did any one ever see such freckles ?
how dare you say I 'm freckled and redheaded ?
I don't care if I do hurt your feelings by saying so !
I hope I hurt them .
a subdued slam above told that the door of the east gable had been shut with equal vehemence .
but we must make allowances for her .
she 's never been taught what is right .
Marilla could not help tacking on that last sentence , although she was again surprised at herself for doing it .
Mrs Rachel got up with an air of offended dignity .
I 'm too sorry for you to leave any room for anger in my mind .
you 'll have your own troubles with that child .
I should think that would be the most effective language for that kind of a child .
her temper matches her hair I guess .
well , good evening , Marilla .
I hope you 'll come down to see me often as usual .
she felt no little dismay over the scene that had just been enacted .
and how was she to punish her ?
she did not believe she could whip a child .
I wanted you to behave nicely to Mrs Lynde , and instead of that you have disgraced me .
I suppose you think I have an awful temper , but I couldn't help it .
when she said those things something just rose right up in me and choked me .
an old remembrance suddenly rose up before Marilla .
Marilla was every day of fifty before the sting had gone out of that memory .
but that is no excuse for such behavior on your part .
I 'm not sorry .
CHAPTER X Anne 's Apology
you know that Anne 's behavior was dreadful , and yet you take her part !
breakfast , dinner , and supper were very silent meals for Anne still remained obdurate .
Matthew eyed its last descent with a troubled eye .
had Anne eaten anything at all ?
Anne was sitting on the yellow chair by the window gazing mournfully out into the garden .
he softly closed the door and tiptoed over to her .
Anne smiled wanly .
I imagine a good deal , and that helps to pass the time .
of course , it 's rather lonesome .
I wasn't a bit sorry last night .
I know I did because I woke up three times and I was just furious every time .
but this morning it was over .
I wasn't in a temper anymore and it left a dreadful sort of goneness , too .
I felt so ashamed of myself .
but I just couldn't think of going and telling Mrs Lynde so .
I made up my mind I 'd stay shut up here forever rather than do that .
but Matthew was gone , scared at his own success .
Marilla 's crispness gave no sign of her relief .
but halfway down Anne 's dejection vanished as if by enchantment .
Marilla beheld the change disapprovingly .
this was satisfactory or should have been so .
Anne had no business to look so rapt and radiant .
then the radiance vanished .
mournful penitence appeared on every feature .
you must just imagine it .
it was the truth ; every word you said was true .
what I said to you was true , too , but I shouldn't have said it .
oh , Mrs Lynde , please , please , forgive me .
oh , I am sure you wouldn't .
both Marilla and Mrs Lynde recognized its unmistakable ring .
where was the wholesome punishment upon which she , Marilla , had plumed herself ?
Anne had turned it into a species of positive pleasure .
good Mrs Lynde , not being overburdened with perception , did not see this .
I guess I was a little too hard on you , anyway .
but I 'm such an outspoken person .
I shall always feel that you are a benefactor .
as the door closed behind Anne Mrs Lynde got briskly up to light a lamp .
yes , she certainly is an odd child , but there is something kind of taking about her after all .
she may turn out all right .
Marilla was dismayed at finding herself inclined to laugh over the recollection .
it makes me feel so sorrowful just as I feel when I look at any ugly thing .
I have no hard feelings against Mrs Lynde now .
aren't the stars bright tonight ?
if you could live in a star , which one would you pick ?
Anne said no more until they turned into their own lane .
Far up in the shadows a cheerful light gleamed out through the trees from the kitchen at Green Gables .
Anne suddenly came close to Marilla and slipped her hand into the older woman 's hard palm .
no place ever seemed like home .
oh , Marilla , I 'm so happy .
its very unaccustomedness and sweetness disturbed her .
she hastened to restore her sensations to their normal calm by inculcating a moral .
oh , there 's so much scope for imagination in a wind !
Anne 's Impressions of Sunday-School
Anne was standing in the gable room , looking solemnly at three new dresses spread out on the bed .
what is the matter with them ?
Marilla sniffed .
the brown gingham and the blue print will do you for school when you begin to go .
the sateen is for church and Sunday school .
puffed sleeves are so fashionable now .
I hadn't any material to waste on puffed sleeves .
I think they are ridiculous-looking things anyhow .
well , hang those dresses carefully up in your closet , and then sit down and learn the Sunday school lesson .
Anne clasped her hands and looked at the dresses .
I didn't suppose God would have time to bother about a little orphan girl 's dress .
I knew I 'd just have to depend on Marilla for it .
the next morning warnings of a sick headache prevented Marilla from going to Sunday-school with Anne .
stay to preaching afterwards and ask Mrs Lynde to show you our pew .
when she had reached Mrs Lynde 's house she found that lady gone .
Avonlea little girls had already heard queer stories about Anne .
they looked at her and whispered to each other behind their quarterlies .
Miss Rogerson was a middle-aged lady who had taught a Sunday-school class for twenty years .
Anne felt that life was really not worth living without puffed sleeves .
Marilla wanted to know when Anne came home .
I behaved well , just as you told me .
Mrs Lynde was gone , but I went right on myself .
Mr Bell made an awfully long prayer .
I would have been dreadfully tired before he got through if I hadn't been sitting by that window .
oh , Marilla , it was like a beautiful dream !
there were nine other girls in it .
they all had puffed sleeves .
I tried to imagine mine were puffed , too , but I couldn't .
you should have been attending to the lesson .
Miss Rogerson asked ever so many .
I don't think it was fair for her to do all the asking .
she asked me if I knew any .
that 's in the Third Royal Reader .
I read it over in church afterwards and it 's splendid .
there are two lines in particular that just thrill me .
I can hardly wait until next Sunday to recite it .
after Sunday school I asked Miss Rogerson because Mrs Lynde was too far away to show me your pew .
it was a very long text .
if I was a minister I 'd pick the short , snappy ones .
the sermon was awfully long , too .
I suppose the minister had to match it to the text .
I didn't think he was a bit interesting .
I didn't listen to him very much .
a Solemn Vow and Promise
|IT was not until the next Friday that Marilla heard the story of the flower-wreathed hat .
she came home from Mrs Lynde 's and called Anne to account .
Marilla was not to be drawn from the safe concrete into dubious paths of the abstract .
never let me catch you at such a trick again .
she couldn't get near enough to tell you to take them off till it was too late .
she says people talked about it something dreadful .
lots of the little girls had artificial flowers on their hats .
I 'm afraid I 'm going to be a dreadful trial to you .
maybe you 'd better send me back to the asylum .
don't cry any more .
I 've got some news for you .
Diana Barry came home this afternoon .
and I do wish you wouldn't use such long words .
it sounds so funny in a little girl .
if she doesn't like you it won't matter how much Diana does .
Anne was trembling .
her face was pale and tense .
they went over to Orchard Slope by the short cut across the brook and up the firry hill grove .
she was a tall black-eyed , black-haired woman , with a very resolute mouth .
she had the reputation of being very strict with her children .
Diana was sitting on the sofa , reading a book which she dropped when the callers entered .
it will be better for you than straining your eyes over that book .
she 's always poring over a book .
Diana laughed .
Diana always laughed before she spoke .
it will be jolly to have somebody to play with .
Diana looked shocked .
oh , it isn't wicked at all .
we 'll just imagine this path is running water .
I 'll repeat the oath first .
I heard before that you were queer .
when Marilla and Anne went home Diana went with them as far as the log bridge .
the two little girls walked with their arms about each other .
at the brook they parted with many promises to spend the next afternoon together .
I assure you I 'll say my prayers with a right good-will tonight .
can I have those broken pieces of china that are out in the woodshed ?
Diana 's birthday is in February and mine is in March .
don't you think that is a very strange coincidence ?
Diana is going to lend me a book to read .
she 's going to show me a place back in the woods where rice lilies grow .
don't you think Diana has got very soulful eyes ?
I wish I had soulful eyes .
a sewing-machine agent gave it to her .
I wish I had something to give Diana .
we 're going to the shore some day to gather shells .
we have agreed to call the spring down by the log bridge the Dryad 's Bubble .
isn't that a perfectly elegant name ?
I read a story once about a spring called that .
Anne 's cup of happiness was full , and Matthew caused it to overflow .
there , there , child , don't look so dismal .
you can eat those , since Matthew has gone and got them .
he 'd better have brought you peppermints .
they 're wholesomer .
the other half will taste twice as sweet to me if I give some to her .
I 'm glad , for of all faults I detest stinginess in a child .
I can't imagine the place without her .
that 's bad enough in a woman , but it isn't to be endured in a man .
and of course he 's listening to her like a perfect ninny .
I never saw such an infatuated man .
and it 's a quarter to three .
and then , of course , I had to tell Matthew about the picnic .
Matthew is such a sympathetic listener .
and you needn't stop to discourse with sympathetic listeners on your way , either .
as for the picnic , of course you can go .
oh , you are so kind to me .
it was the first time in her whole life that childish lips had voluntarily touched Marilla 's face .
again that sudden sensation of startling sweetness thrilled her .
as for cooking , I mean to begin giving you lessons in that some of these days .
it 's just one little seam after another and you never seem to be getting anywhere .
oh , we do have such elegant times , Marilla .
I have to furnish most of the imagination , but I 'm well able to do that .
Diana is simply perfect in every other way .
Diana and I have our playhouse there .
we call it Idlewild .
isn't that a poetical name ?
I assure you it took me some time to think it out .
then , just as I was dropping off to sleep , it came like an inspiration .
Diana was enraptured when she heard it .
we have got our house fixed up elegantly .
and we have all our dishes on them .
we keep it in the parlor and we have the fairy glass there , too .
the fairy glass is as lovely as a dream .
Diana found it out in the woods behind their chicken house .
Matthew is going to make us a table .
oh , we have named that little round pool over in Mr Barry 's field Willowmere .
I got that name out of the book Diana lent me .
that was a thrilling book , Marilla .
the heroine had five lovers .
she was very handsome and she went through great tribulations .
I 'd love to be able to faint , wouldn't you , Marilla ?
it 's so romantic .
I believe I 'm getting fatter , though .
don't you think I am ?
I look at my elbows every morning when I get up to see if any dimples are coming .
Diana is having a new dress made with elbow sleeves .
she is going to wear it to the picnic .
oh , I do hope it will be fine next Wednesday .
I have never tasted ice cream .
Anne held her tongue as desired .
I couldn't help fearing I 'd only imagined it .
Marilla wore her amethyst brooch to church that day as usual .
Marilla always wore her amethyst brooch to church .
that amethyst brooch was Marilla 's most treasured possession .
a seafaring uncle had given it to her mother who in turn had bequeathed it to Marilla .
Anne had been smitten with delighted admiration when she first saw that brooch .
I don't know how you can pay attention to the sermon or the prayers when you have it on .
I couldn't , I know .
I think amethysts are just sweet .
they are what I used to think diamonds were like .
I thought they would be lovely glimmering purple stones .
when I saw a real diamond in a lady 's ring one day I was so disappointed I cried .
of course , it was very lovely but it wasn't my idea of a diamond .
will you let me hold the brooch for one minute , Marilla ?
|ON the Monday evening before the picnic Marilla came down from her room with a troubled face .
it 's very wrong in a little girl to meddle .
I hadn't it on a minute .
truly , I didn't mean to meddle , Marilla .
that 's one good thing about me .
it was not to be found and she returned to the kitchen .
by your own admission you were the last person to handle it .
tell me the truth at once .
when Anne had gone Marilla went about her evening tasks in a very disturbed state of mind .
she was worried about her valuable brooch .
I suppose she has lost it and is afraid to own up for fear she 'll be punished .
it 's a dreadful thing to think she tells falsehoods .
it 's a far worse thing than her fit of temper .
it 's a fearful responsibility to have a child in your house you can't trust .
I declare I feel worse about that than about the brooch .
a bedtime visit to the east gable produced no result .
she told Matthew the story the next morning .
he felt no desire to put his oar in this time .
Marilla felt deserted by everyone .
she could not even go to Mrs Lynde for advice .
Anne steadfastly refused to confess .
she persisted in asserting that she had not taken the brooch .
the child had evidently been crying and Marilla felt a pang of pity which she sternly repressed .
but Marilla had gone out and shut the door .
Wednesday morning dawned as bright and fair as if expressly made to order for the picnic .
the birches in the hollow waved joyful hands as if watching for Anne 's usual morning greeting from the east gable .
but Anne was not at her window .
Marilla laid down her tray .
once again her method had succeeded ; but her success was very bitter to her .
I didn't mean to take it when I went in .
Diana and I make necklaces of roseberries but what are roseberries compared to amethysts ?
so I took the brooch .
I thought I could put it back before you came home .
I went all the way around by the road to lengthen out the time .
it 'll be your duty to punish me , Marilla .
you 'll go to no picnic today , Anne Shirley .
that shall be your punishment .
Anne sprang to her feet and clutched Marilla 's hand .
oh , Marilla , I must go to the picnic .
that was why I confessed .
punish me any way you like but that .
oh , Marilla , please , please , let me go to the picnic .
think of the ice cream !
Marilla disengaged Anne 's clinging hands stonily .
you are not going to the picnic and that 's final .
Anne realized that Marilla was not to be moved .
if she isn't she 's utterly bad .
oh dear , I 'm afraid Rachel was right from the first .
that was a dismal morning .
then she went out and raked the yard .
when dinner was ready she went to the stairs and called Anne .
my heart is broken .
remember when the time comes that I forgive you .
and she doesn't appear to realize how wicked she 's been at all that 's what worries me most .
if she 'd really felt sorry it wouldn't be so bad .
the retort silenced Matthew if it did not convince him .
that dinner was a very dismal meal .
she would go and mend it .
the shawl was in a box in her trunk .
Marilla snatched at it with a gasp .
it was the amethyst brooch , hanging to a thread of the lace by its catch !
here 's my brooch safe and sound that I thought was at the bottom of Barry 's pond .
whatever did that girl mean by saying she took it and lost it ?
I declare I believe Green Gables is bewitched .
and I said it over and over so that I wouldn't forget it .
Marilla had to laugh in spite of herself .
but her conscience pricked her .
I shouldn't have doubted your word when I 'd never known you to tell a story .
but I drove you to it .
Anne flew up like a rocket .
they won't be more than well gathered yet and it 'll be an hour before they have tea .
wash your face and comb your hair and put on your gingham .
I 'll fill a basket for you .
there 's plenty of stuff baked in the house .
Scrumptious is a new word I learned today .
I heard Mary Alice Bell use it .
isn't it very expressive ?
everything was lovely .
and Jane Andrews nearly fell overboard .
I wish it had been me .
it would have been such a romantic experience to have been nearly drowned .
it would be such a thrilling tale to tell .
and we had the ice cream .
words fail me to describe that ice cream .
that evening Marilla told the whole story to Matthew over her stocking basket .
that child is hard to understand in some respects .
but I believe she 'll turn out all right yet .
a Tempest in the School Teapot
I pity the people who aren't born yet for missing it .
they may have good days , of course , but they can never have this one .
and yet , when the tarts were divided among ten girls you just got enough to tantalize you .
the way Anne and Diana went to school was a pretty one .
Anne had named it Lover 's Lane before she had been a month at Green Gables .
so we want to have one , too .
and it 's a very pretty name , don't you think ?
we can't imagine the lovers into it , you know .
Anne , starting out alone in the morning , went down Lover 's Lane as far as the brook .
then they left the lane and walked through Mr Barry 's back field and past Willowmere .
oh , Marilla , can't you just imagine you see them ?
it actually takes away my breath .
I named it Violet Vale .
Diana says she never saw the beat of me for hitting on fancy names for places .
it 's nice to be clever at something , isn't it ?
but Diana named the Birch Path .
anybody can think of a name like that .
it was .
Marilla had seen Anne start off to school on the first day of September with many secret misgivings .
Anne was such an odd girl .
how would she get on with the other children ?
things went better than Marilla feared , however .
Anne came home that evening in high spirits .
he 's all the time curling his mustache and making eyes at Prissy Andrews .
Prissy is grown up , you know .
she 's sixteen and she 's studying for the entrance examination into Queen 's Academy at Charlottetown next year .
she 's got a beautiful complexion and curly brown hair and she does it up so elegantly .
I guess he can teach you something , and it 's your business to learn .
and I want you to understand right off that you are not to come home telling tales about him .
that is something I won't encourage .
I sit with Diana .
our seat is right by the window and we can look down to the Lake of Shining Waters .
there are a lot of nice girls in school and we had scrumptious fun playing at dinnertime .
it 's so nice to have a lot of little girls to play with .
I adore Diana .
I 'm dreadfully far behind the others .
they 're all in the fifth book and I 'm only in the fourth .
we had reading and geography and Canadian history and dictation today .
I felt so mortified , Marilla ; he might have been politer to a stranger , I think .
I 'm to give it back to her tomorrow .
can I have some of those pearl beads off the old pincushion in the garret to make myself a ring ?
that was three weeks ago and all had gone smoothly so far .
he 's aw'fly handsome , Anne .
but I do think that writing take-notices up on the wall about the boys and girls is the silliest ever .
I should just like to see anybody dare to write my name up with a boy 's .
Anne sighed .
she didn't want her name written up .
but it was a little humiliating to know that there was no danger of it .
and don't you be too sure your name won't ever be written up .
if anyone wrote my name up with his I 'd never get over it , Diana Barry .
he 's only in the fourth book although he 's nearly fourteen .
Anne looked accordingly .
everybody looked at her and Mr Phillips glared so sternly that Ruby began to cry .
but it was not until the afternoon that things really began to happen .
Gilbert Blythe wasn't used to putting himself out to make a girl look at him and meeting with failure .
then Anne looked at him with a vengeance !
she did more than look .
she flashed one indignant glance at Gilbert from eyes whose angry sparkle was swiftly quenched in equally angry tears .
Avonlea school always enjoyed a scene .
this was an especially enjoyable one .
Diana gasped .
Ruby Gillis , who was inclined to be hysterical , began to cry .
Mr Phillips stalked down the aisle and laid his hand heavily on Anne 's shoulder .
Anne returned no answer .
Mr Phillips paid no heed to Gilbert .
with a white , set face she obeyed .
Mr Phillips took a chalk crayon and wrote on the blackboard above her head .
Anne stood there the rest of the afternoon with that legend above her .
she did not cry or hang her head .
as for Gilbert Blythe , she would not even look at him .
she would never look at him again !
when school was dismissed Anne marched out with her red head held high .
Gilbert Blythe tried to intercept her at the porch door .
Diana felt that she could never have resisted Gilbert 's plea .
he laughs at mine because it 's so black .
but when things begin to happen they are apt to keep on .
anyone who came in late would be punished .
the other boys snickered .
Diana , turning pale with pity , plucked the wreath from Anne 's hair and squeezed her hand .
Anne stared at the master as if turned to stone .
to Anne , this was as the end of all things .
Anne felt that she could not bear it and it would be of no use to try .
her whole being seethed with shame and anger and humiliation .
at first the other scholars looked and whispered and giggled and nudged .
she had not dared to ask the question before .
Diana gasped and stared at Anne to see if she meant it .
Diana looked as if she were ready to cry .
what shall I do ?
Mr Phillips will make me sit with that horrid Gertie Pye I know he will because she is sitting alone .
but I can't do this , so please don't ask it .
it 's tremendously exciting .
nothing moved Anne in the least .
her mind was made up .
she would not go to school to Mr Phillips again ; she told Marilla so when she got home .
Anne shook her head gently .
Marilla saw something remarkably like unyielding stubbornness looking out of Anne 's small face .
I 'll just talk it over with Rachel .
she 's sent ten children to school and she ought to know something about it .
Marilla found Mrs Lynde knitting quilts as industriously and cheerfully as usual .
Mrs Rachel nodded .
I never saw a child so worked up .
I 've been expecting trouble ever since she started to school .
I knew things were going too smooth to last .
it 's my belief that Mr Phillips was in the wrong .
of course , it doesn't do to say so to the children , you know .
and of course he did right to punish her yesterday for giving way to temper .
but today it was different .
and I don't believe in making the girls sit with the boys for punishment .
it isn't modest .
Tillie Boulter was real indignant .
Anne seems real popular among them , somehow .
that is I wouldn't say school to her again until she said it herself .
Mr Phillips isn't any good at all as a teacher .
Marilla took Mrs Rachel 's advice and not another word was said to Anne about going back to school .
Even Diana 's efforts as a peacemaker were of no avail .
Anne had evidently made up her mind to hate Gilbert Blythe to the end of life .
I cannot ever live without her .
I hate her husband I just hate him furiously .
when had he heard Marilla laugh like that before ?
Anne reveled in the world of color about her .
it would be terrible if we just skipped from September to November , wouldn't it ?
look at these maple branches .
and you know one can dream so much better in a room where there are pretty things .
Matthew was so good .
he never scolded a bit .
it was a beautiful fairy story , Marilla .
but you keep your wits about you this time .
Anne clasped her hands .
the rosebud tea set !
you know I never use that except for the minister or the Aids .
you 'll put down the old brown tea set .
but you can open the little yellow crock of cherry preserves .
it 's time it was being used anyhow I believe it 's beginning to work .
I know she doesn't but of course I 'll ask her just as if I didn't know .
oh , Marilla , it 's a wonderful sensation just to think of it .
can I take her into the spare room to lay off her hat when she comes ?
the sitting room will do for you and your company .
our potato crop is very good this year .
Marilla says we can have all that are left on the tree .
Marilla is a very generous woman .
she said we could have fruit cake and cherry preserves for tea .
but Anne didn't want to hear about Gilbert Blythe .
Anne looked on the second shelf of the room pantry but there was no bottle of raspberry cordial there .
Search revealed it away back on the top shelf .
Anne put it on a tray and set it on the table with a tumbler .
Diana poured herself out a tumblerful , looked at its bright-red hue admiringly , and then sipped it daintily .
take as much as you want .
I 'm going to run out and stir the fire up .
the tumblerfuls were generous ones and the raspberry cordial was certainly very nice .
there 's so little scope for imagination in cookery .
you just have to go by rules .
the last time I made a cake I forgot to put the flour in .
I was thinking the loveliest story about you and me , Diana .
oh , it was such a pathetic tale , Diana .
the tears just rained down over my cheeks while I mixed the cake .
but I forgot the flour and the cake was a dismal failure .
flour is so essential to cakes , you know .
I 'm a great trial to her .
she was terribly mortified about the pudding sauce last week .
I thought of it next morning and ran to the pantry .
Diana , fancy if you can my extreme horror at finding a mouse drowned in that pudding sauce !
you know they are very stylish people , especially Mrs Chester Ross .
when Marilla called me in dinner was all ready and everybody was at the table .
Diana , that was a terrible moment .
there was a mouse drowned in it .
oh , Diana , I shall never forget that awful moment if I live to be a hundred .
Mrs Chester Ross just looked at me and I thought I would sink through the floor with mortification .
Marilla turned red as fire but she never said a word then .
she just carried that sauce and pudding out and brought in some strawberry preserves .
she even offered me some , but I couldn't swallow a mouthful .
it was like heaping coals of fire on my head .
Diana had stood up very unsteadily ; then she sat down again , putting her hands to her head .
if you are I 'll go and nurse you , you can depend on that .
I 'll never forsake you .
but I do wish you 'd stay till after tea .
and indeed , she walked very dizzily .
Monday afternoon Marilla sent her down to Mrs Lynde 's on an errand .
in a very short space of time Anne came flying back up the lane with tears rolling down her cheeks .
into the kitchen she dashed and flung herself face downward on the sofa in an agony .
Anne sat up , tragedy personified .
Marilla stared in blank amazement .
oh , it sounds so so like Mrs Thomas 's husband !
she went back to the kitchen with the wine bottle in her hand .
her face was twitching in spite of herself .
you went and gave Diana currant wine instead of raspberry cordial .
Diana got awfully sick and had to go home .
her mother smelled her breath and knew she was drunk .
she had a fearful headache all day yesterday .
Mrs Barry is so indignant .
I just kept that bottle for sickness .
there , there , child , don't cry .
the stars in their courses fight against me , Marilla .
Diana and I are parted forever .
I suppose she thinks you 've done it for a silly joke or something of that sort .
you 're so much more dignified than I am .
Marilla had changed her mind about it being all right by the time she got back from Orchard Slope .
Anne was watching for her coming and flew to the porch door to meet her .
her face hardened .
Anne clasped her hands .
do you think you would intoxicate her on purpose ?
I thought it was only raspberry cordial .
I was firmly convinced it was raspberry cordial .
oh , please don't say that you won't let Diana play with me any more .
Anne 's lips quivered .
Anne went back to Green Gables calm with despair .
Marilla , I do not think she is a well-bred woman .
then she bent down and kissed the flushed cheek on the pillow .
but the hope faded when she saw Diana 's dejected countenance .
Diana shook her head mournfully .
I had ever such a time coaxing her to let me come down and say good-bye to you .
Anne drew a long breath .
why , Diana , I didn't think anybody could love me .
nobody ever has loved me since I can remember .
oh , this is wonderful !
she solemnly clipped one of Diana 's curls .
henceforth we must be as strangers though living side by side .
then she returned to the house , not a little consoled for the time being by this romantic parting .
and even if I had it wouldn't be the same .
somehow , little dream girls are not satisfying after a real friend .
Diana and I had such an affecting farewell down by the spring .
it will be sacred in my memory forever .
please see that it is buried with me , for I don't believe I 'll live very long .
she is just dull and poky and never seems to have a good time .
but I feel so depressed that perhaps it will come easy to me now .
I 'm going round by the road .
I couldn't bear to go by the Birch Path all alone .
Anne was welcomed back to school with open arms .
mother says I 'm not to play with you or talk to you even in school .
I made you one of the new bookmarkers out of red tissue paper .
they are awfully fashionable now and only three girls in school know how to make them .
when you look at it remember
my own darling Diana :
of course I am not cross at you because you have to obey your mother .
our spirits can commune .
I shall keep your lovely present forever .
please excuse mistakes because my spelling isn't very good yet , although much improoved .
Anne or Cordelia Shirley .
P.S . I shall sleep with your letter under my pillow tonight .
Marilla pessimistically expected more trouble since Anne had again begun to go to school .
but none developed .
she flung herself into her studies heart and soul , determined not to be outdone in any class by Gilbert Blythe .
one awful day they were ties and their names were written up together .
it was almost as bad as a take-notice and Anne 's mortification was as evident as Gilbert 's satisfaction .
when the written examinations at the end of each month were held the suspense was terrible .
the first month Gilbert came out three marks ahead .
the second Anne beat him by five .
but her triumph was marred by the fact that Gilbert congratulated her heartily before the whole school .
it would have been ever so much sweeter to her if he had felt the sting of his defeat .
in geometry Anne met her Waterloo .
there is no scope for imagination in it at all .
Mr Phillips says I 'm the worst dunce he ever saw at it .
and Gil I mean some of the others are so smart at it .
but I don't mind being beaten by Diana .
even although we meet as strangers now I still love her with an inextinguishable love .
it makes me very sad at times to think about her .
but it had .
Mrs Rachel Lynde had gone too .
a bright fire was glowing in the old-fashioned Waterloo stove and blue-white frost crystals were shining on the windowpanes .
but that would mean Gilbert Blythe 's triumph on the morrow .
Anne turned her back on the clock shelf and tried to imagine it wasn't there .
you can't sympathize properly if you 've never studied it .
it is casting a cloud over my whole life .
I don't think a teacher should take such a mean advantage , do you ?
we 're studying agriculture now and I 've found out at last what makes the roads red .
it 's a great comfort .
I wonder how Marilla and Mrs Lynde are enjoying themselves .
she says if women were allowed to vote we would soon see a blessed change .
to vote Conservative was part of Matthew 's religion .
Anne reflected with her chin in her hands .
Mr Phillips goes up to see Prissy Andrews nearly every evening .
I won't allow myself to open that new book Jane lent me until I 'm through .
but it 's a terrible temptation , Matthew .
even when I turn my back on it I can see it there just as plain .
I love a book that makes me cry .
and then shall I run down the cellar and get some russets , Matthew ?
Young Mary Joe never saw anybody with croup and Mrs Lynde is away .
you forget that Mrs Hammond had twins three times .
when you look after three pairs of twins you naturally get a lot of experience .
they all had croup regularly .
just wait till I get the ipecac bottle you mayn't have any at your house .
Minnie May , aged three , was really very sick .
Anne went to work with skill and promptness .
first we must have lots of hot water .
but the pressing need for assistance was past .
Minnie May was much better and was sleeping soundly .
I actually thought she was going to choke to death .
but in about three minutes she coughed up the phlegm and began to get better right away .
you must just imagine my relief , doctor , because I can't express it in words .
he looked at Anne as if he were thinking some things about her that couldn't be expressed in words .
she seems to have a skill and presence of mind perfectly wonderful in a child of her age .
those trees look as if I could blow them away with a breath pouf !
I 'm so glad I live in a world where there are white frosts , aren't you ?
and I 'm so glad Mrs Hammond had three pairs of twins after all .
if she hadn't I mightn't have known what to do for Minnie May .
but , oh , Matthew , I 'm so sleepy .
I can't go to school .
I just know I couldn't keep my eyes open and I 'd be so stupid .
but he can speak .
I was proud of being a Conservative .
Rachel Lynde , of course , being a Liberal , had no use for him .
I guess you 're hungry .
Matthew has been telling me about last night .
I must say it was fortunate you knew what to do .
I wouldn't have had any idea myself , for I never saw a case of croup .
she wanted to see you , but I wouldn't wake you up .
come back this instant and put something on you .
I might as well call to the wind .
she 's gone without a cap or wrap .
look at her tearing through the orchard with her hair streaming .
Anne came dancing home in the purple winter twilight across the snowy places .
Just at present I have a soul above red hair .
Mrs Barry kissed me and cried and said she was so sorry and she could never repay me .
and Diana and I had a lovely afternoon .
Diana showed me a new fancy crochet stitch her aunt over at Carmody taught her .
Mrs Barry had the very best china set out , Marilla , just as if I was real company .
nobody ever used their very best china on my account before .
and we had fruit cake and pound cake and doughnuts and two kinds of preserves , Marilla .
I know from sorrowful experience how that hurts one 's feelings .
after tea Diana and I made taffy .
but the making of it was splendid fun .
we have arranged a way to signal with our candles and cardboard .
so many flashes mean a certain thing .
and it 's so interesting .
but at least she had made good use of them .
you know tomorrow is Diana 's birthday .
but you 're not going to begin gadding about to concerts and staying out all hours of the night .
Pretty doings for children .
it isn't as if birthdays were common things , Marilla .
that will be just about the same thing as a sermon .
take off your boots now and go to bed .
it ain't interfering to have your own opinion .
but I don't approve of this concert plan .
it would unsettle her for a week .
argument was not his strong point , but holding fast to his opinion certainly was .
Marilla gave a gasp of helplessness and took refuge in silence .
for a moment Marilla looked things not lawful to be uttered .
this is Matthew 's doings and I wash my hands of it .
Anne Shirley , you 're dripping greasy water all over the floor .
but then just think of all the mistakes I don't make , although I might .
I 'll get some sand and scrub up the spots before I go to school .
oh , Marilla , my heart was just set on going to that concert .
you didn't know just how I felt about it , but you see Matthew did .
Anne was too excited to do herself justice as to lessons that morning in school .
Gilbert Blythe spelled her down in class and left her clear out of sight in mental arithmetic .
Carrie Sloane cried into her grammar all the afternoon and felt that life was not worth living .
at last they were ready , cheeks scarlet and eyes glowing with excitement .
but she remembered in time that she had an imagination and could use it .
do I really look the same as usual ?
only one number on the program failed to interest her .
everybody seemed asleep and the house was dark and silent .
it was pleasantly warm and dimly lighted by the embers of a fire in the grate .
they 're always wanting the big scholars to recite .
Gilbert Blythe does often and he 's only two years older than us .
oh , Anne , how could you pretend not to listen to him ?
the suggestion appealed to Diana .
Anne and Diana were never able to tell just how they got off that bed and out of the room .
they only knew that after one frantic rush they found themselves tiptoeing shiveringly upstairs .
oh , and I know she will be furious .
Miss Josephine Barry did not appear at the early breakfast the next morning .
Mrs Barry smiled kindly at the two little girls .
Diana preserved a discreet silence , but she and Anne exchanged furtive smiles of guilty amusement across the table .
she 's feeling real worried over it .
she 'd have gone today if they could have taken her .
oh , I guess they had a lively time of it there this morning .
the Barrys must feel cut up .
old Miss Barry is rich and they 'd like to keep on the good side of her .
if you stop to think it over you spoil it all .
she shook her head sagely .
Mrs Lynde laughed comfortably over her mild joke , but Anne remained pensive .
she saw nothing to laugh at in the situation , which to her eyes appeared very serious .
when she left Mrs Lynde 's she took her way across the crusted fields to Orchard Slope .
Diana met her at the kitchen door .
she says she won't stay and I 'm sure I don't care .
Diana stared .
but I 've got to do it , Diana .
it was my fault and I 've got to confess .
I wouldn't dare .
I suggested it .
Diana would never have thought of such a thing , I am sure .
Diana is a very ladylike girl , Miss Barry .
if you must be cross with anyone , be cross with me .
little girls never indulged in that kind of fun when I was young .
but then , there is our side of it too .
we didn't know there was anybody in that bed and you nearly scared us to death .
it was simply awful the way we felt .
and then we couldn't sleep in the spare room after being promised .
I suppose you are used to sleeping in spare rooms .
all the snap had gone by this time .
it all depends on the way we look at it .
but it is my duty to go home to Miss Marilla Cuthbert .
Miss Marilla Cuthbert is a very kind lady who has taken me to bring up properly .
you must not blame her because I jumped on the bed .
this was for Matthew 's benefit .
she was a more agreeable guest than usual , for Anne kept her in good humor .
they became firm friends .
kindred spirits are not so scarce as I used to think .
a Good Imagination Gone Wrong
and Diana says if they don't know what they are like they don't miss them .
but I think that is the saddest thing of all .
do you know what I think Mayflowers are , Marilla ?
but we had a splendid time today , Marilla .
we had our lunch down in a big mossy hollow by an old well such a romantic spot .
it is very fashionable to dare .
he got that out of a book , I know ; but it shows he has some imagination .
I was offered some Mayflowers too , but I rejected them with scorn .
I can't tell you the person 's name because I have vowed never to let it cross my lips .
oh , it was so thrilling , Marilla .
after the Mayflowers came the violets , and Violet Vale was empurpled with them .
there 's such a lot of different Annes in me .
I sometimes think that is why I 'm such a troublesome person .
in all essential respects the little gable chamber was unchanged .
yet the whole character of the room was altered .
she hung them over a chair and sat down with a short sigh .
Anne looked at her with eyes limpid with sympathy .
of course it wasn't exactly necessary to starch Matthew 's handkerchiefs !
headaches always left Marilla somewhat sarcastic .
so that is how I came to forget the pie .
I didn't know I starched the handkerchiefs .
there are two maple trees on it and the brook flows right around it .
both Diana and I are very loyal .
but I 'm sorry about that pie and the handkerchiefs .
I shall never forget it .
it was the turning point in my life .
of course it wouldn't seem so important to you .
I 've been here for a year and I 've been so happy .
of course , I 've had my troubles , but one can live down troubles .
why , it 's only twilight .
I want that pattern to cut out your new apron this evening .
Marilla stared .
are you crazy ?
there is no such thing as a haunted wood anywhere .
all the places around here are so so commonplace .
we just got this up for our own amusement .
we began it in April .
a haunted wood is so very romantic , Marilla .
we chose the spruce grove because it 's so gloomy .
oh , we have imagined the most harrowing things .
she appears when there is to be a death in the family .
oh , Marilla , it gives me a shudder to think of it .
but after dark , Marilla , it 's different .
and they are respectable people .
you know Charlie Sloane 's grandmother wouldn't tell a story for anything .
she 's a very religious woman .
her imagination had run away with her and she held the spruce grove in mortal dread after nightfall .
but Marilla was inexorable .
Anne marched .
Anne never forgot that walk .
the long-drawn wail of two old boughs rubbing against each other brought out the perspiration in beads on her forehead .
the swoop of bats in the darkness over her was as the wings of unearthly creatures .
Diana was away so that she had no excuse to linger .
the dreadful return journey had to be faced .
when she finally stumbled over the log bridge she drew one long shivering breath of relief .
I tried to hold out , Marilla .
oh , Marilla , it was heartrending .
and he had tears in his eyes too , Marilla .
I can tell you I wished I 'd been a model pupil like Minnie Andrews .
she hadn't anything on her conscience .
the girls cried all the way home from school .
I do feel dreadfully sad , Marilla .
and besides , we met the new minister and his wife coming from the station .
his wife is very pretty .
our new minister 's wife was dressed in blue muslin with lovely puffed sleeves and a hat trimmed with roses .
besides , Mrs Lynde says his theology wasn't sound .
Mrs Lynde is a very farseeing woman , isn't she , Matthew ?
I 'm very glad they 've called Mr Allan .
and she knows his wife 's people and they are most respectable and the women are all good housekeepers .
Avonlea opened its heart to them from the start .
with Mrs Allan Anne fell promptly and wholeheartedly in love .
she had discovered another kindred spirit .
she said we could ask her any question we liked and I asked ever so many .
Mrs Allan has a lovely smile ; she has such exquisite dimples in her cheeks .
I wish I had dimples in my cheeks , Marilla .
if I had perhaps I could influence people for good .
Mrs Allan said we ought always to try to influence other people for good .
I never knew before that religion was such a cheerful thing .
let me see .
next Wednesday would be a good time to have them .
Anne was wild with excitement and delight .
it 's such a responsibility having a minister 's family to tea .
I never went through such an experience before .
you should just see our pantry .
it 's a sight to behold .
we 're going to have jellied chicken and cold tongue .
I just grow cold when I think of my layer cake .
oh , look , Diana , what a lovely rainbow !
Diana 's mother had found out about the Haunted Wood and had been decidedly angry over it .
sometimes I look for her footprints in the dew in the morning .
Wednesday morning came .
Anne got up at sunrise because she was too excited to sleep .
after breakfast she proceeded to make her cake .
when she finally shut the oven door upon it she drew a long breath .
but do you think it will rise ?
just suppose perhaps the baking powder isn't good ?
I used it out of the new can .
the cake did rise , however , and came out of the oven as light and feathery as golden foam .
Anne laid herself out to decorate in a manner and after a fashion that should leave Mrs Barry 's nowhere .
Matthew was there , having been inveigled into the party only goodness and Anne knew how .
he never said a word to Mrs Allan , but that perhaps was not to be expected .
all went merry as a marriage bell until Anne 's layer cake was passed .
Mrs Allan , having already been helped to a bewildering variety , declined it .
but Marilla , seeing the disappointment on Anne 's face , said smilingly :
Marilla saw the expression and hastened to taste the cake .
it 's simply horrible .
Mr Allan , don't try to eat it .
Anne , taste it yourself .
oh , Marilla , it must have been the baking powder .
Marilla took it , uncorked it , smelled it .
I broke the liniment bottle last week and poured what was left into an old empty vanilla bottle .
Anne dissolved into tears under this double disgrace .
presently a light step sounded on the stairs and somebody entered the room .
I shall never be able to live this down .
Diana will ask me how my cake turned out and I shall have to tell her the truth .
I shall always be pointed at as the girl who flavored a cake with anodyne liniment .
Gil the boys in school will never get over laughing at it .
perhaps she 'll think I tried to poison her .
Mrs Lynde says she knows an orphan girl who tried to poison her benefactor .
but the liniment isn't poisonous .
Anne flew up , to find Mrs Allan standing by her bed , surveying her with laughing eyes .
now , you mustn't cry any more , but come down with me and show me your flower garden .
Miss Cuthbert tells me you have a little plot all your own .
nevertheless , she sighed deeply .
Anne is Invited Out to Tea
excitement hung around Anne like a garment , shone in her eyes , kindled in every feature .
I am invited to tea at the manse tomorrow afternoon !
Mrs Allan left the letter for me at the post office .
just look at it , Marilla .
such a thrill as it gave me !
for Anne to take things calmly would have been to change her nature .
she did not make much headway , as she sorrowfully admitted to herself .
the fulfillment thereof exalted her to dizzy realms of delight .
Anne thought that the morning would never come .
the morning , in spite of Matthew 's predictions , was fine and Anne 's spirits soared to their highest .
wouldn't it be nice if it could last ?
I believe I could be a model child if I were just invited out to tea every day .
but oh , Marilla , it 's a solemn occasion too .
I feel so anxious .
I 'm so afraid I 'll do something silly or forget to do something I should do .
Anne instantly realized this .
when I got there Mrs Allan met me at the door .
I really think I 'd like to be a minister 's wife when I grow up , Marilla .
a minister mightn't mind my red hair because he wouldn't be thinking of such worldly things .
some people are naturally good , you know , and others are not .
I 'm one of the others .
Mrs Lynde says I 'm full of original sin .
Mrs Allan is one of the naturally good people .
I love her passionately .
and there are others , like Mrs Lynde , that you have to try very hard to love .
there was another little girl at the manse to tea , from the White Sands Sunday school .
her name was Laurette Bradley , and she was a very nice little girl .
we had an elegant tea , and I think I kept all the rules of etiquette pretty well .
after tea Mrs Allan played and sang and she got Lauretta and me to sing too .
Lauretta said she expected to be asked herself someday .
I just gazed at her in awe .
after she had gone Mrs Allan and I had a heart-to-heart talk .
and would you believe it , Marilla ?
Mrs Allan told me she was a dunce at geometry too .
you don't know how that encouraged me .
the trustees have hired a new teacher and it 's a lady .
her name is Miss Muriel Stacy .
isn't that a romantic name ?
a week after the tea at the manse Diana Barry gave a party .
Anne tossed her red braids .
Anne turned pale , but there was clearly only one thing to be done .
she walked toward the house , where a ladder was leaning against the kitchen roof .
never mind Josie Pye .
nevertheless , she managed to take several steps before the catastrophe came .
before Anne could answer Mrs Barry appeared on the scene .
I know I can never walk there .
in his arms he carried Anne , whose head lay limply against his shoulder .
at that moment Marilla had a revelation .
she would have admitted that she liked Anne nay , that she was very fond of Anne .
I was walking the ridgepole and I fell off .
I expect I have sprained my ankle .
but , Marilla , I might have broken my neck .
it was quite true .
overcome by the pain of her injury , Anne had one more of her wishes granted to her .
she had fainted dead away .
Anne 's ankle was broken .
if I could blame it on anybody I would feel so much better .
Anne sighed .
I haven't .
I just felt that I couldn't bear Josie Pye 's scorn .
it 's not a bit nice to faint , after all .
and the doctor hurt me dreadfully when he was setting my ankle .
I won't be able to go around for six or seven weeks and I 'll miss the new lady teacher .
she won't be new any more by the time I 'm able to go to school .
and Gil everybody will get ahead of me in class .
oh , I am an afflicted mortal .
but she was not solely dependent on it .
you find out how many friends you have .
why , even Superintendent Bell came to see me , and he 's really a very fine man .
he could get over that if he 'd take a little trouble .
I gave him a good broad hint .
I told him how hard I tried to make my own little private prayers interesting .
he told me all about the time he broke his ankle when he was a boy .
even my imagination has its limits , for I can't imagine that .
now , it 's so easy to imagine Mrs Allan as a little girl .
Mrs Allan has been to see me fourteen times .
isn't that something to be proud of , Marilla ?
she is such a cheerful person to have visit you , too .
Even Josie Pye came to see me .
Diana has been a faithful friend .
she 's been over every day to cheer my lonely pillow .
the girls all think she is perfectly sweet .
Diana says she has the loveliest fair curly hair and such fascinating eyes .
she dresses beautifully , and her sleeve puffs are bigger than anybody else 's in Avonlea .
oh , it 's just glorious to think of it .
Josie Pye says she hates it but that is just because Josie has so little imagination .
and they have physical culture exercises every morning and evening .
the Birch Path was a canopy of yellow and the ferns were sear and brown all along it .
life was certainly very interesting .
in the new teacher she found another true and helpful friend .
she is so ladylike and she has such a sweet voice .
I just put my whole soul into it .
field afternoons are splendid , Marilla .
and Miss Stacy explains everything so beautifully .
and indeed I 'm not vain about it .
how can I be , when I 'm such a dunce at geometry ?
Miss Stacy makes it so clear .
still , I 'll never be good at it and I assure you it is a humbling reflection .
but I love writing compositions .
it 's hard to choose among so many remarkable people who have lived .
mustn't it be splendid to be remarkable and have compositions written about you after you 're dead ?
oh , I would dearly love to be remarkable .
that is , if I don't go out as a foreign missionary .
we have physical culture exercises every day , too .
Marilla thought it all rank foolishness .
there 's precious little patriotism in the thoughts of any of you .
of course it 's real nice to be getting up a concert .
we 're going to have six choruses and Diana is to sing a solo .
the boys are going to have a dialogue too .
and I 'm to have two recitations , Marilla .
Diana and Ruby and I are to be in it , all draped in white with flowing hair .
I 'm going to practice my recitations in the garret .
don't be alarmed if you hear me groaning .
Josie Pye is sulky because she didn't get the part she wanted in the dialogue .
she wanted to be the fairy queen .
that would have been ridiculous , for who ever heard of a fairy queen as fat as Josie ?
fairy queens must be slender .
Jane Andrews is to be the queen and I am to be one of her maids of honor .
it 's necessary for fairies to have slippers , you know .
we are going to decorate the hall with creeping spruce and fir mottoes with pink tissue-paper roses in them .
you are simply good for nothing just now with your head stuffed full of dialogues and groans and tableaus .
Anne smiled back at him .
this , Matthew felt , would be no great help .
he had recourse to his pipe that evening to help him study it out , much to Marilla 's disgust .
after two hours of smoking and hard reflection Matthew arrived at a solution of his problem .
Anne was not dressed like the other girls !
Marilla kept her clothed in plain , dark dresses , all made after the same unvarying pattern .
of course , it must be all right .
Marilla knew best and Marilla was bringing her up .
a nice new dress would be the very thing for a present .
it would be , he felt assured , no trifling ordeal .
after much cogitation Matthew resolved to go to Samuel Lawson 's store instead of William Blair 's .
but William Blair 's two daughters frequently waited on customers there and Matthew held them in absolute dread .
so he would go to Lawson 's , where Samuel or his son would wait on him .
during her absence Matthew collected his scattered senses for another effort .
Miss Harris had heard Matthew Cuthbert called odd .
she now concluded that he was entirely crazy .
at the threshold he recollected that he had not paid for it and he turned miserably back .
while Miss Harris was counting out his change he rallied his powers for a final desperate attempt .
Matthew had driven halfway home before he was his own man again .
you know I never use it except for the hired man 's porridge or black fruit cake .
Jerry 's gone and I 've made my cake long ago .
Marilla was out of the question .
Matthew felt sure she would throw cold water on his project at once .
to be sure I will .
I 'm going to Carmody tomorrow and I 'll attend to it .
well , I 'll just go by my own judgment then .
well , I 'll do it .
no , it isn't a mite of trouble .
I like sewing .
you needn't worry a speck more about it , Matthew .
to herself she added when Matthew had gone :
but that 's always the way .
I 'm sure the child must feel the difference between her clothes and the other girls ' .
well , I must say I don't think Anne needed any more dresses .
I made her three good , warm , serviceable ones this fall , and anything more is sheer extravagance .
the puffs have been getting bigger and more ridiculous right along ; they 're as big as balloons now .
Christmas morning broke on a beautiful white world .
Anne peeped out from her frosted gable window with delighted eyes .
Anne ran downstairs singing until her voice reechoed through Green Gables .
Merry Christmas , Matthew !
isn't it a lovely Christmas ?
I 'm so glad it 's white .
any other kind of Christmas doesn't seem real , does it ?
I don't like green Christmases .
what makes people call them green ?
Anne took the dress and looked at it in reverent silence .
but the sleeves they were the crowning glory !
for Anne 's eyes had suddenly filled with tears .
Anne laid the dress over a chair and clasped her hands .
look at those sleeves !
there 's a hair ribbon Mrs Lynde left for you .
it 's brown , to match the dress .
I 'm so glad that puffed sleeves are still fashionable .
I 'd never have felt quite satisfied , you see .
I feel that I ought to be a very good girl indeed .
but somehow it 's hard to carry out your resolutions when irresistible temptations come .
Anne flew down the slope to meet her .
and oh , it 's a wonderful Christmas .
Matthew has given me the loveliest dress , with such sleeves .
Josie Pye would be delighted .
mind you , Rob Wright went home with Gertie Pye from the practice night before last .
the concert came off in the evening and was a pronounced success .
it makes me thrill to think of it .
your solo was perfectly elegant , Diana .
I felt prouder than you did when it was encored .
when Mr Allan called out my name I really cannot tell how I ever got up on that platform .
then I thought of my lovely puffed sleeves and took courage .
I knew that I must live up to those sleeves , Diana .
I just felt like a parrot .
it was splendid to think I had touched somebody 's heart .
it 's so romantic to take part in a concert , isn't it ?
wait till I tell you .
when you ran off the platform after the fairy dialogue one of your roses fell out of your hair .
I saw Gil pick it up and put it in his breast pocket .
and she looked real nice too .
though tonight it struck me she was growing quite a big girl .
Mrs Lynde made that dress a mite too long , and it makes Anne look so tall .
the Story Club Is Formed
|JUNIOR Avonlea found it hard to settle down to humdrum existence again .
could she go back to the former quiet pleasures of those faraway days before the concert ?
at first , as she told Diana , she did not really think she could .
I suppose that is why Marilla disapproves of them .
Marilla is such a sensible woman .
I feel just now that I may grow up to be sensible yet .
but perhaps that is only because I 'm tired .
I simply couldn't sleep last night for ever so long .
I just lay awake and imagined the concert over and over again .
eventually , however , Avonlea school slipped back into its old groove and took up its old interests .
to be sure , the concert left traces .
with the exception of these trifling frictions , work in Miss Stacy 's little kingdom went on with regularity and smoothness .
the winter weeks slipped by .
when I woke this morning it seemed to me that everything must be different .
it makes life seem so much more interesting .
in two more years I 'll be really grown up .
but I 'm afraid that is an uncharitable speech .
you may have noticed that .
Mr Allan thinks so too .
I had such an interesting talk with Mrs Allan about besetting sins last Sunday afternoon .
I won't say what I was going to because it was extremely uncharitable .
besides , I was comparing it with my own nose and that 's vanity .
it really is a great comfort to me .
oh , Diana , look , there 's a rabbit .
that 's something to remember for our woods composition .
I really think the woods are just as lovely in winter as in summer .
Anne nodded , trying hard not to look virtuously complacent and failing miserably .
I read it to Marilla and she said it was stuff and nonsense .
then I read it to Matthew and he said it was fine .
that is the kind of critic I like .
it 's a sad , sweet story .
I just cried like a child while I was writing it .
Cordelia was a regal brunette with a coronet of midnight hair and duskly flashing eyes .
I wanted something out of the common .
Geraldine had an alabaster brow too .
I 've found out what an alabaster brow is .
that is one of the advantages of being thirteen .
then Bertram DeVere came to their native village and fell in love with the fair Geraldine .
I found it rather hard to imagine the proposal because I had no experience to go by .
I can tell you I took a lot of trouble with that speech .
I rewrote it five times and I look upon it as my masterpiece .
but then , alas , shadows began to darken over their path .
all her affection for Geraldine turned to bitter hate and she vowed that she should never marry Bertram .
their bodies were washed ashore soon afterwards .
they were buried in the one grave and their funeral was most imposing , Diana .
it 's so much more romantic to end a story up with a funeral than a wedding .
as for Cordelia , she went insane with remorse and was shut up in a lunatic asylum .
let you and me have a story club all our own and write stories for practice .
you ought to cultivate your imagination , you know .
Miss Stacy says so .
only we must take the right way .
this was how the story club came into existence .
we are going to keep them all sacredly and have them to read to our descendants .
we each write under a nom-de-plume .
mine is Rosamond Montmorency .
all the girls do pretty well .
Ruby Gillis is rather sentimental .
she puts too much lovemaking into her stories and you know too much is worse than too little .
Jane 's stories are extremely sensible .
then Diana puts too many murders into hers .
all the good people are rewarded and all the bad ones are suitably punished .
I 'm sure that must have a wholesome effect .
the moral is the great thing .
Mr Allan says so .
I read one of my stories to him and Mrs Allan and they both agreed that the moral was excellent .
only they laughed in the wrong places .
I like it better when people cry .
Jane and Ruby almost always cry when I come to the pathetic parts .
Miss Josephine Barry wrote back that she had never read anything so amusing in her life .
but I 'm glad Miss Barry liked them .
it shows our club is doing some good in the world .
Mrs Allan says that ought to be our object in everything .
I hope I shall be a little like Mrs Allan when I grow up .
I felt so encouraged when I heard that .
Mrs Lynde says it is .
now , I wouldn't have felt that way .
you 've taken half an hour longer than you should with all your chattering .
vanity and Vexation of Spirit
Marilla was not given to subjective analysis of her thoughts and feelings .
Matthew had come in and was waiting patiently for his tea in his corner .
she 's just got to be pulled up short and sudden on this sort of thing .
I don't care if Mrs Allan does say she 's the brightest and sweetest child she ever knew .
just as soon as she grows out of one freak she takes up with another .
here I am saying the very thing I was so riled with Rachel Lynde for saying at the Aid today .
don't call her untrustworthy until you 're sure she has disobeyed you .
of course I knew you 'd take her part , Matthew .
Marilla washed and put away the dishes grimly .
lighting it , she turned around to see Anne herself lying on the bed , face downward among the pillows .
my career is closed .
what have you done ?
get right up this minute and tell me .
this minute , I say .
Anne had slid to the floor in despairing obedience .
accordingly , Marilla lifted her candle and looked scrutinizingly at Anne 's hair , flowing in heavy masses down her back .
it certainly had a very strange appearance .
never in all her life had Marilla seen anything so grotesque as Anne 's hair at that moment .
but now I know it 's ten times worse to have green hair .
I 've been expecting something queer for some time .
you haven't got into any scrape for over two months , and I was sure another one was due .
I counted the cost , Marilla .
how could I doubt his word , Marilla ?
I know what it feels like to have your word doubted .
I have proof now green hair is proof enough for anybody .
he spoke so feelingly about them that it touched my heart .
I wanted to buy something from him to help him in such a worthy object .
in a trice I saw myself with beautiful raven-black hair and the temptation was irresistible .
goodness knows what 's to be done .
but they 'll never forget this .
they will think I am not respectable .
that is poetry , but it is true .
Marilla , I cannot face Josie Pye .
Anne 's unhappiness continued for a week .
during that time she went nowhere and shampooed her hair every day .
your hair must be cut off ; there is no other way .
Anne 's lips quivered , but she realized the bitter truth of Marilla 's remarks .
oh , I feel that my heart is broken .
this is such an unromantic affliction .
Marilla had done her work thoroughly and it had been necessary to shingle the hair as closely as possible .
Anne promptly turned her glass to the wall .
then she suddenly righted the glass .
I 'd do penance for being wicked that way .
I 'll look at myself every time I come to my room and see how ugly I am .
and I won't try to imagine it away , either .
it 's hard to be told you look like a scarecrow and I wanted to say something back .
but I didn't .
I just swept her one scornful look and then I forgave her .
of course it 's better to be good .
I will call it a snood that sounds so romantic .
these headaches of mine are getting worse and worse .
I 'll have to see a doctor about them .
which was Marilla 's way of saying that she liked to hear it .
an Unfortunate Lily Maid
it 's fun then .
but to lie down and pretend I was dead I just couldn't .
but it 's ridiculous just the same .
and Elaine was the lily maid .
Ruby and Jane were spending the midsummer afternoon with Diana , and Anne had come over to play with them .
it was Anne 's idea that they dramatize Elaine .
those days , she said , were so much more romantic than the present .
Anne 's plan was hailed with enthusiasm .
they had often gone down like this and nothing could be more convenient for playing Elaine .
but first you must be the brothers and the father .
do you suppose it 's really right to act like this ?
Jane , you arrange this .
Jane rose to the occasion .
Anne , for goodness sake smile a little .
that 's better .
the flat was accordingly pushed off , scraping roughly over an old embedded stake in the process .
for a few minutes Anne , drifting slowly down , enjoyed the romance of her situation to the full .
the flat began to leak .
that sharp stake at the landing had torn off the strip of batting nailed on the flat .
at this rate the flat would fill and sink long before it could drift to the lower headland .
where were the oars ?
there was one chance just one .
under such circumstances you don't think much about making a flowery prayer .
it was a very unromantic position , but I didn't think about that at the time .
you don't think much about romance when you have just escaped from a watery grave .
the flat drifted under the bridge and then promptly sank in midstream .
Anne , clinging desperately to her precarious foothold , saw their flying forms and heard their shrieks .
help would soon come , but meanwhile her position was a very uncomfortable one .
why didn't somebody come ?
where had the girls gone ?
suppose they had fainted , one and all !
suppose nobody ever came !
suppose she grew so tired and cramped that she could hold on no longer !
Anne looked at the wicked green depths below her , wavering with long , oily shadows , and shivered .
her imagination began to suggest all manner of gruesome possibilities to her .
without waiting for an answer he pulled close to the pile and extended his hand .
it was certainly extremely difficult to be dignified under the circumstances !
the flat began to leak and I climbed out on the pile .
the girls went for help .
but Gilbert had also sprung from the boat and now laid a detaining hand on her arm .
can't we be good friends ?
I didn't mean to vex you and I only meant it for a joke .
besides , it 's so long ago .
for a moment Anne hesitated .
her heart gave a quick , queer little beat .
but the bitterness of her old grievance promptly stiffened up her wavering determination .
that scene of two years before flashed back into her recollection as vividly as if it had taken place yesterday .
she hated Gilbert Blythe !
she would never forgive him !
Gilbert sprang into his skiff with an angry color in his cheeks .
she held her head very high , but she was conscious of an odd feeling of regret .
she almost wished she had answered Gilbert differently .
of course , he had insulted her terribly , but still !
she was really quite unstrung , for the reaction from her fright and cramped clinging was making itself felt .
I 'm awfully sorry you were so frightened , girls .
I feel sure I was born under an unlucky star .
everything I do gets me or my dearest friends into a scrape .
Anne 's presentiment proved more trustworthy than presentiments are apt to do .
Great was the consternation in the Barry and Cuthbert households when the events of the afternoon became known .
and today 's mistake is going to cure me of being too romantic .
I have come to the conclusion that it is no use trying to be romantic in Avonlea .
an Epoch in Anne 's Life
|ANNE was bringing the cows home from the back pasture by way of Lover 's Lane .
it makes me so glad to be alive .
it 's too mean , because it would be such fun .
Diana shook her head , her black eyes dancing with merriment .
I knew you couldn't guess it .
but I 'm afraid Marilla won't let me go .
she will say that she can't encourage gadding about .
I was bitterly disappointed , Diana .
I felt so heartbroken that I wouldn't say my prayers when I went to bed .
but in case I do go I 'm very glad my new coat will be ready by that time .
Marilla didn't think I needed a new coat .
I 'm so glad .
it is ever so much easier to be good if your clothes are fashionable .
I suppose it doesn't make such a difference to naturally good people .
but it just slips into my mind in spite of me .
my cap is so pretty .
Matthew bought it for me the day we were over at Carmody .
do you suppose it 's wrong for us to think so much about our clothes ?
Marilla says it is very sinful .
Mr Barry and Diana were waiting for her , and they were soon on the road .
it was a long drive , but Anne and Diana enjoyed every minute of it .
the air was fresh and crisp , and little smoke-blue mists curled through the valleys and floated off from the hills .
and you 're ever so much better looking than you used to be , too .
I 've dreamed of such things , Diana .
but do you know I don't believe I feel very comfortable with them after all .
there are so many things in this room and all so splendid that there is no scope for imagination .
from first to last it was crowded with delights .
on Wednesday Miss Barry took them to the Exhibition grounds and kept them there all day .
I don't really know which department was the most interesting .
I think I liked the horses and the flowers and the fancywork best .
I was real glad she did .
she said she would always think of it after this when he was praying so solemnly .
so Avonlea was pretty well represented , wasn't it ?
there were thousands of people there , Marilla .
it made me feel dreadfully insignificant .
and Miss Barry took us up to the grandstand to see the horse races .
but there were so many there I don't believe Mrs Lynde 's absence would ever be noticed .
Diana got so excited that she offered to bet me ten cents that the red horse would win .
it 's always wrong to do anything you can't tell the minister 's wife .
it 's as good as an extra conscience to have a minister 's wife for your friend .
so you see that virtue was its own reward .
we saw a man go up in a balloon .
you paid him ten cents and a little bird picked out your fortune for you .
Miss Barry gave Diana and me ten cents each to have our fortunes told .
oh , it was a never-to-be-forgotten day , Marilla .
that 's the worst of growing up , and I 'm beginning to realize it .
to Anne the evening was a glittering vision of delight .
I was so excited I couldn't even talk , so you may know what it was like .
I just sat in enraptured silence .
Madame Selitsky was perfectly beautiful , and wore white satin and diamonds .
but when she began to sing I never thought about anything else .
oh , I can't tell you how I felt .
but it seemed to me that it could never be hard to be good any more .
tears came into my eyes , but , oh , they were such happy tears .
that sounded so prosaic ; but to my surprise I found it true .
Diana said she believed she was born for city life .
that is the best time to think things out .
I told Miss Barry so at breakfast the next morning and she laughed .
Miss Barry generally laughed at anything I said , even when I said the most solemn things .
I don't think I liked it , Marilla , because I wasn't trying to be funny .
Friday brought going-home time , and Mr Barry drove in for the girls .
but Miss Barry was pleased , and she stood on her veranda and watched the buggy out of sight .
then she went back into her big house with a sigh .
it seemed very lonely , lacking those fresh young lives .
Anne had amused her , and consequently stood high in the old lady 's good graces .
it was sunset when they passed through White Sands and turned into the shore road .
every little cove along the curving road was a marvel of dancing ripples .
Marilla , a broiled chicken !
hurry and take off your things , and we 'll have supper as soon as Matthew comes in .
I 'm glad you 've got back , I must say .
|MARILLA laid her knitting on her lap and leaned back in her chair .
her love made her afraid of being unduly indulgent , indeed .
but she always checked the thought reproachfully , remembering what she owed to Marilla .
Anne came back from her other world with a start and a sigh .
why didn't you call me , Marilla ?
Diana and I were only over in the Haunted Wood .
it 's lovely in the woods now .
Diana wouldn't say much about that , though .
Diana has never forgotten the scolding her mother gave her about imagining ghosts into the Haunted Wood .
it had a very bad effect on Diana 's imagination .
it blighted it .
Mrs Lynde says Myrtle Bell is a blighted being .
Diana and I talk a great deal about serious subjects now , you know .
it 's such a solemn thing to be almost fourteen , Marilla .
Diana and I talked the matter over coming home from school .
we felt extremely solemn , Marilla .
it 's perfectly appalling to think of being twenty , Marilla .
Anne looked rather scared .
I meant to tell you , Marilla , honestly I did , but I forgot .
Miss Stacy caught me reading Ben Hur in school yesterday afternoon when I should have been studying my Canadian history .
Jane Andrews lent it to me .
Miss Stacy took Ben Hur away , but she never said a word then .
she said I had done very wrong in two respects .
I had never realized until that moment , Marilla , that what I was doing was deceitful .
I was shocked .
but Miss Stacy said she wouldn't require that , and she forgave me freely .
you have no business to be taking storybooks to school .
you read too many novels anyhow .
Miss Stacy made me promise that .
she found me reading a book one day called , The Lurid Mystery of the Haunted Hall .
it just curdled the blood in my veins .
but my love for Miss Stacy stood the test and I did .
she intends to give them extra lessons for an hour after school .
and she came to ask Matthew and me if we would like to have you join it .
what do you think about it yourself , Anne ?
Anne straightened to her knees and clasped her hands .
but I didn't say anything about it , because I supposed it would be perfectly useless .
I 'd love to be a teacher .
but won't it be dreadfully expensive ?
Anne flung her arms about Marilla 's waist and looked up earnestly into her face .
there is no hurry .
Mr Allan says everybody should have a purpose in life and pursue it faithfully .
only he says we must first make sure that it is a worthy purpose .
the Queen 's class was organized in due time .
Diana Barry did not , as her parents did not intend to send her to Queen 's .
but we can't have things perfect in this imperfect world , as Mrs Lynde says .
and I think the Queen 's class is going to be extremely interesting .
Jane and Ruby are just going to study to be teachers .
that is the height of their ambition .
Moody Spurgeon is going to be a minister .
Mrs Lynde says he couldn't be anything else with a name like that to live up to .
but perhaps he will be more intellectual looking when he grows up .
there was open rivalry between Gilbert and Anne now .
he was a foeman worthy of her steel .
the other members of the class tacitly acknowledged their superiority , and never dreamed of trying to compete with them .
that day by the pond had witnessed its last spasmodic flicker .
Anne realized that she had forgiven and forgotten without knowing it .
but it was too late .
otherwise the winter passed away in a round of pleasant duties and studies .
for Anne the days slipped by like golden beads on the necklace of the year .
Even Anne and Gilbert lagged and grew indifferent .
the Queen 's class listened in breathless suspense for her answer .
I just feel tired of everything sensible and I 'm going to let my imagination run riot for the summer .
oh , you needn't be alarmed , Marilla .
I 'll only let it run riot within reasonable limits .
she says I 'm all running to legs and eyes .
I think we 're going to have a very gay vacation .
they have dinner there in the evening , you know .
when Marilla was not at Aid meeting people knew there was something wrong at Green Gables .
the doctor says he must be careful to avoid excitement .
come and lay off your things , Rachel .
no , that never was my way , thank goodness .
I like more snap and color , like Diana Barry has or Ruby Gillis .
Ruby Gillis 's looks are real showy .
Marilla offered no objections to Anne 's gypsyings .
this message frightened Marilla wholesomely .
she read Anne 's death warrant by consumption in it unless it was scrupulously obeyed .
as a result , Anne had the golden summer of her life as far as freedom and frolic went .
doesn't Mr Allan preach magnificent sermons ?
but I don't see the use of meeting trouble halfway , do you , Marilla ?
I think it would be better just to enjoy Mr Allan while we have him .
if I were a man I think I 'd be a minister .
why can't women be ministers , Marilla ?
I asked Mrs Lynde that and she was shocked and said it would be a scandalous thing .
but I don't see why .
I think women would make splendid ministers .
it has worried me terribly on Sunday afternoons , that is , when I think specially about such matters .
I feel irresistibly tempted to do it .
Marilla looked dubious for a moment .
then she laughed .
there should have been a special commandment against nagging .
but there , I shouldn't talk so .
Rachel is a good Christian woman and she means well .
I shan't worry so much over that after this .
it 's a serious thing to grow up , isn't it , Marilla ?
if I don't grow up right I can't go back and begin over again .
I 've grown two inches this summer , Marilla .
Mr Gillis measured me at Ruby 's party .
I 'm so glad you made my new dresses longer .
I know I 'll be able to study better because of mine .
Miss Stacy came back to Avonlea school and found all her pupils eager for work once more .
suppose they did not pass !
but it was a jolly , busy , happy swift-flying winter .
Schoolwork was as interesting , class rivalry as absorbing , as of yore .
much of all this was due to Miss Stacy 's tactful , careful , broadminded guidance .
a sigh followed on the words .
Marilla felt a queer regret over Anne 's inches .
there were other changes in Anne no less real than the physical change .
for one thing , she became much quieter .
Marilla noticed and commented on this also .
and somehow I don't want to use big words any more .
there 's so much to learn and do and think that there isn't time for big words .
besides , Miss Stacy says the short ones are much stronger and better .
she makes us write all our essays as simply as possible .
it was hard at first .
we hadn't time for it and anyhow I think we had got tired of it .
it was silly to be writing about love and murder and elopements and mysteries .
I never thought my compositions had so many faults until I began to look for them myself .
Anne shivered .
sometimes I think I 'll be all right and then I get horribly afraid .
we 've each got a stumbling block .
I wish it was all over , Marilla .
it haunts me .
I wish I had nerves like Jane Andrews .
the Pass List Is Out
Anne and Diana walked home that evening feeling very sober indeed .
Diana looked back at the schoolhouse from the foot of the spruce hill and sighed deeply .
I shall have to sit all alone , for I couldn't bear to have another deskmate after you .
oh , we have had jolly times , haven't we , Anne ?
two big tears rolled down by Diana 's nose .
after all , I dare say I 'll be back next year .
this is one of the times I know I 'm not going to pass .
and then my number is thirteen and Josie Pye says it 's so unlucky .
I am not superstitious and I know it can make no difference .
last night I was horribly lonesome all alone in my room and wished so much you were with me .
Ruby asked me to feel her hands and they were as cold as ice .
the first person we saw was Moody Spurgeon sitting on the steps and muttering away to himself .
Jane and I sat together and Jane was so composed that I envied her .
then a man came in and began distributing the English examination sheets .
still , I think I did fairly well today .
on my way I met Moody Spurgeon wandering distractedly around .
when she recovered we went uptown and had an ice cream .
Moody Spurgeon still thinks he failed in history and Charlie says he failed in algebra .
that won't be for a fortnight .
with this end in view Anne had strained every nerve during the examinations .
so had Gilbert .
but she had another and nobler motive for wishing to do well .
Charlie and Gilbert were not above doing this too , but Moody Spurgeon stayed resolutely away .
her appetite failed and her interest in Avonlea doings languished .
but one evening the news came .
Anne sprang to her feet , knowing at once what that paper contained .
the pass list was out !
her head whirled and her heart beat until it hurt her .
she could not move a step .
then she snatched up the paper .
Jane and Ruby did pretty well they 're halfway up and so did Charlie .
won't Miss Stacy be delighted ?
if it were me I know I 'd go crazy with joy .
excuse me a minute , Diana .
I must run right out to the field to tell Matthew .
but that good soul said heartily :
tonight a spike of white lilies faintly perfumed the room like the dream of a fragrance .
Anne was dressing for a concert at the White Sands Hotel .
the muslin is stiff , and makes you look too dressed up .
Anne sighed and yielded .
I shall fasten this little white house rose just behind your ear .
I suppose it 's your figure .
I am just a dumpling .
I 've always been afraid of it , and now I know it is so .
I have given up all hope of dimples .
my dimple-dream will never come true ; but so many of my dreams have that I mustn't complain .
Marilla emitted a sound between a sniff and a grunt .
I like that way of fixing her hair .
but there is no use in saying anything to Matthew nowadays .
just let them tell him a thing is pretty and fashionable , and Matthew plunks his money down for it .
oh , Diana , I love this little room so dearly .
what are you going to recite , Anne ?
it 's so pathetic .
there was not much of either laughter or chatter in Billy .
it was a night for enjoyment .
what were her pearl beads compared to the diamonds of the big , handsome lady near her ?
Anne laid her hat and jacket away , and shrank miserably into a corner .
she wished herself back in the white room at Green Gables .
the electric lights dazzled her eyes , the perfume and hum bewildered her .
Anne believed that she would hate that white-lace girl to the end of life .
oh , if she were only back at Green Gables !
at this unpropitious moment her name was called .
Anne was the victim of an overwhelming attack of stage fright .
these people , she thought , would be merciless critics .
in reality it was nothing of the kind .
when she finished there were bursts of honest applause .
the rest of the evening was quite a little triumph for her .
even the white-lace girl paid her a languid little compliment .
Anne breathed deeply , and looked into the clear sky beyond the dark boughs of the firs .
oh , it was good to be out again in the purity and silence of the night !
I 'm sure it would be ever so much more fun than teaching school .
Anne , your recitation was simply great , although I thought at first you were never going to begin .
part of it was anyhow .
you wouldn't change into any of those women if you could .
she must have been dreadfully unhappy sometime to have such a look .
a Queen 's Girl
the green dress was made up with as many tucks and frills and shirrings as Emily 's taste permitted .
something in the memory brought tears to Marilla 's own eyes .
under the stars of the blue summer night he walked agitatedly across the yard to the gate under the poplars .
she 's smart and pretty , and loving , too , which is better than all the rest .
the day finally came when Anne must go to town .
Anne and the rest of the Avonlea scholars reached town just in time to hurry off to the Academy .
what a splendid chin he has !
I never noticed it before .
I do wish Jane and Ruby had gone in for First Class , too .
I wonder which of the girls here are going to be my friends .
it 's really an interesting speculation .
I like the look of that girl with the brown eyes and the crimson waist .
she looks vivid and red-rosy ; there 's that pale , fair one gazing out of the window .
it was lonesomer still when Anne found herself alone in her hall bedroom that night at twilight .
Anne will not meet with any objectionable persons under her roof .
she knew that she was going to cry , and fought against it .
it 's silly and weak there 's the third tear splashing down by my nose .
I must think of something funny to stop them .
they 're coming in a flood presently .
as a part of Avonlea life even a Pye was welcome .
town 's too jolly after that poky old Avonlea .
I wonder how I ever existed there so long .
our French professor is simply a duck .
his moustache would give you kerwollowps of the heart .
I 'm literally starving .
otherwise I 'd have gone to the park to hear the band play with Frank Stockley .
he noticed you in class today , and asked me who the red-headed girl was .
but I simply couldn't settle down to study tonight .
Anne , methinks I see the traces of tears .
it will restore my self-respect , for I was shedding tears freely before Ruby came along .
I don't mind being a goose so much if somebody else is goosey , too .
Anne blushed and admitted she was thinking of it .
the word came today .
Frank Stockley told me his uncle is one of the board of governors , you know .
an Avery scholarship !
for the Avery scholarship was in English , and Anne felt that here her foot was on native heath .
no wonder that Anne went to bed that night with tingling cheeks !
oh , it 's delightful to have ambitions .
I 'm so glad I have such a lot .
and there never seems to be any end to them that 's the best of it .
Just as soon as you attain to one ambition you see another one glittering higher up still .
Gilbert Blythe nearly always walked with Ruby Gillis and carried her satchel for her .
she had large , bright-blue eyes , a brilliant complexion , and a plump showy figure .
she laughed a great deal , was cheerful and good-tempered , and enjoyed the pleasant things of life frankly .
Anne did not think so either , but she would not have said so for the Avery scholarship .
there was no silly sentiment in Anne 's ideas concerning Gilbert .
boys were to her , when she thought about them at all , merely possible good comrades .
after the Christmas holidays the Avonlea students gave up going home on Fridays and settled down to hard work .
certain facts had become generally accepted .
Even Josie Pye attained a certain preeminence as the sharpest-tongued young lady in attendance at Queen 's .
in spite of lessons the students found opportunities for pleasant times .
Anne has as many shades as a rainbow and every shade is the prettiest while it lasts .
but in Charlottetown harassed Queen 's students thought and talked only of examinations .
and here we are , with the exams looming up next week .
Jane and Ruby and Josie , who had dropped in , did not take this view of it .
I will worry .
my father can afford to send me .
next to trying and winning , the best thing is trying and failing .
Girls , don't talk about exams !
Jane and Josie both answered at once and the chatter drifted into a side eddy of fashions .
the Glory and the Dream
beyond those ten minutes there did not seem , just then , to be anything worth being called Time .
and I 'm not going to march up to that bulletin board and look at it before everybody .
I haven't the moral courage .
I 'm going straight to the girls ' dressing room .
you must read the announcements and then come and tell me , Jane .
and I implore you in the name of our old friendship to do it as quickly as possible .
Jane promised solemnly ; but , as it happened , there was no necessity for such a promise .
for a moment Anne felt one sickening pang of defeat and disappointment .
so she had failed and Gilbert had won !
well , Matthew would be sorry he had been so sure she would win .
somebody called out :
she was pushed and pulled and hugged and among it all she managed to whisper to Jane :
Commencement was the next important happening .
the exercises were held in the big assembly hall of the Academy .
Miss Barry , who was sitting behind them , leaned forward and poked Marilla in the back with her parasol .
Anne went home to Avonlea with Matthew and Marilla that evening .
the apple blossoms were out and the world was fresh and young .
Diana was at Green Gables to meet her .
isn't the breath of the mint delicious ?
but just now I feel as if it were joy enough to sit here and look at you .
I 'm tired , I think tired of being studious and ambitious .
I 'm going to Redmond in September .
doesn't it seem wonderful ?
Jane and Ruby are going to teach .
he has to .
Anne felt a queer little sensation of dismayed surprise .
she had not known this ; she had expected that Gilbert would be going to Redmond also .
what would she do without their inspiring rivalry ?
the next morning at breakfast it suddenly struck Anne that Matthew was not looking well .
surely he was much grayer than he had been a year before .
Anne leaned across the table and took Marilla 's face in her hands .
you look tired .
I 'm afraid you 've been working too hard .
you must take a rest , now that I 'm home .
Marilla smiled affectionately at her girl .
I 've got a pain so often now behind my eyes .
I guess I 'll have to .
I can't read or sew with any comfort now .
well , Anne , you 've done real well at Queen 's I must say .
I don't believe a word of it .
she was up here one day last week and said there was some talk about it .
Matthew felt real worried .
Anne had her good day in the companionship of the outdoor world .
well now , I guess it wasn't a boy that took the Avery scholarship , was it ?
he smiled his shy smile at her as he went into the yard .
Anne always remembered the silvery , peaceful beauty and fragrant calm of that night .
the Reaper Whose Name Is Death
|MATTHEW Matthew what is the matter ?
it was Marilla who spoke , alarm in every jerky word .
Anne dropped her flowers and sprang across the kitchen to him at the same moment as Marilla .
they were both too late ; before they could reach him Matthew had fallen across the threshold .
Mrs Lynde , who was there on an errand , came too .
they found Anne and Marilla distractedly trying to restore Matthew to consciousness .
Mrs Lynde pushed them gently aside , tried his pulse , and then laid her ear over his heart .
she looked at their anxious faces sorrowfully and the tears came into her eyes .
look at his face .
it contained an account of the failure of the Abbey Bank .
Anne had gathered them and brought them to him , her anguished , tearless eyes burning in her white face .
it was the last thing she could do for him .
the Barrys and Mrs Lynde stayed with them that night .
Diana , going to the east gable , where Anne was standing at her window , said gently :
Anne looked earnestly into her friend 's face .
I 'm not afraid .
I want to be quite silent and quiet and try to realize it .
I can't realize it .
Diana did not quite understand .
Anne hoped that the tears would come in solitude .
Marilla heard her and crept in to comfort her .
it can't bring him back .
I knew that today , but I couldn't help it then .
I don't know what I 'd do if you weren't here if you 'd never come .
I want to tell you now when I can .
today Diana said something funny and I found myself laughing .
I thought when it happened I could never laugh again .
I am sure we should not shut our hearts against the healing influences that nature offers us .
but I can understand your feeling .
I think we all experience the same thing .
I hope he has roses like them in heaven .
I must go home now .
Anne did not reply ; she said good night and went slowly back to green Gables .
Marilla was sitting on the front door-steps and Anne sat down beside her .
Anne gathered some sprays of pale-yellow honeysuckle and put them in her hair .
she liked the delicious hint of fragrance , as some aerial benediction , above her every time she moved .
Diana will come over for company for me .
Marilla laughed .
you were always getting into scrapes .
I did use to think you were possessed .
I did suffer terribly over my hair and my freckles .
Marilla , I 've almost decided to give up trying to like Josie Pye .
so are Moody Spurgeon and Charlie Sloane .
he looks a lot like his father did at the same age .
John Blythe was a nice boy .
Anne looked up with swift interest .
but I always felt rather sorry .
but you never can tell about people from their outsides .
I 'd forgotten myself .
|MARILLA went to town the next day and returned in the evening .
something in her dejected attitude struck a chill to Anne 's heart .
she had never seen Marilla sit limply inert like that .
he examined my eyes .
but if I don't he says I 'll certainly be stone-blind in six months .
for a minute Anne , after her first quick exclamation of dismay , was silent .
it seemed to her that she could not speak .
you know he has given you hope .
I might as well be blind or dead .
and as for crying , I can't help that when I get lonesome .
but there , it 's no good talking about it .
if you 'll get me a cup of tea I 'll be thankful .
don't say anything about this to any one for a spell yet , anyway .
when Marilla had eaten her lunch Anne persuaded her to go to bed .
Anne wondered what he could have been saying to bring that look to Marilla 's face .
Marilla sat down by the window and looked at Anne .
Anne wondered if she had heard aright .
I 've thought it all over .
but as it is I can't .
but things would only go behind worse and worse all the time , till nobody would want to buy it .
Marilla broke down and wept bitterly .
but you can see for yourself .
I can't stay here alone .
I 'd go crazy with trouble and loneliness .
I 'll be with you .
Marilla lifted her worn face from her hands and looked at Anne .
I 'm not going to take the scholarship .
I decided so the night after you came home from town .
I 've been thinking and planning .
let me tell you my plans .
Mr Barry wants to rent the farm for next year .
so you won't have any bother over that .
and I 'm going to teach .
of course that won't be quite as nice or convenient as if I had the Avonlea school .
but I can board home and drive myself over to Carmody and back , in the warm weather at least .
we 'll keep a horse for that .
and I 'll read to you and keep you cheered up .
you sha'n't be dull or lonesome .
Marilla had listened like a woman in a dream .
but I can't let you sacrifice yourself so for me .
Anne laughed merrily .
nothing could be worse than giving up Green Gables nothing could hurt me more .
we must keep the dear old place .
my mind is quite made up , Marilla .
I 'm not going to Redmond ; and I am going to stay here and teach .
I 'm going to be a good teacher and I 'm going to save your eyesight .
I 've been thinking them out for a week .
when I left Queen 's my future seemed to stretch out before me like a straight road .
I thought I could see along it for many a milestone .
now there is a bend in it .
it has a fascination of its own , that bend , Marilla .
I don't like to be pitied , and there is no need for it .
I 'm heart glad over the very thought of staying at dear Green Gables .
most of the good folks , not knowing about Marilla 's eyes , thought she was foolish .
Mrs Allan did not .
she told Anne so in approving words that brought tears of pleasure to the girl 's eyes .
neither did good Mrs Lynde .
it 's a great blessing not to be fat , Marilla .
I hope you appreciate it .
well , Anne , I hear you 've given up your notion of going to college .
I was real glad to hear it .
you 've got as much education now as a woman can be comfortable with .
Mrs Lynde lifted her hands in holy horror .
I shall thrive on it .
oh , I 'm not going to overdo things .
I guess you 're going to teach right here in Avonlea .
he said he was going to teach at White Sands .
so the trustees decided to take you .
he 's signed papers with the White Sands trustees .
of course you 'll take the school .
you 'll get along all right , now that there are no Pyes going .
bless my heart !
Anne ran down the clover slope like a deer , and disappeared in the firry shadows of the Haunted Wood .
Mrs Lynde looked after her indulgently .
but crispness was no longer Marilla 's distinguishing characteristic .
as Mrs Lynde told her Thomas that night .
home lights twinkled out here and there among the homestead trees .
halfway down the hill a tall lad came whistling out of a gate before the Blythe homestead .
are we going to be friends after this ?
Anne laughed and tried unsuccessfully to withdraw her hand .
what a stubborn little goose I was .
I know we can help each other in many ways .
you are going to keep up your studies , aren't you ?
but we have decided that it will be much more sensible to be good friends in the future .
were we really there half an hour ?
Anne sat long at her window that night companioned by a glad content .
the wind purred softly in the cherry boughs , and the mint breaths came up to her .
the stars twinkled over the pointed firs in the hollow and Diana 's light gleamed through the old gap .
and there was always the bend in the road !
End of Project Gutenberg 's Anne of Green Gables , by Lucy Maud Montgomery
aunt Jo 's Scrap Bag
AUNT JO'S SCRAP-BAG .
AUNT JO'S SCRAP-BAG
NEW AND CHEAPER EDITION
LONDON SAMPSON LOW , MARSTON & COMPANY ( LIMITED ) St Dunstan 's House FETTER LANE , FLEET STREET , E.C . @number@
CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS , 1871-72 .
THE CHILDREN'S JOKE .
MADAM CLUCK AND HER FAMILY .
a CURIOUS CALL .
MY LITTLE GENTLEMAN .
LITTLE MARIE OF LEHON .
MY MAY-DAY AMONG CURIOUS BIRDS AND BEASTS .
OUR LITTLE NEWSBOY .
my chief joy was in romping with him in the long galleries of a piano manufactory behind our house .
Frank betrayed me .
he climbed in at the window , unlocked the door , and delivered me up to the foe .
Nay , he even defended the base act , and helped bear the struggling culprit to imprisonment .
the second attachment was of quite a different sort , and had a happier ending .
in a week I had exhausted every amusement and was desperately homesick .
I felt myself an outcast , and bewailed the disgrace I had brought upon my family .
at fifteen I met this charming youth , and thought I had found my fate .
I had observed that he was one of the best spellers .
we had much fun over our lessons , for I helped him about his English .
the winter was good to me and I cough less .
it is a small hope , but I do not enlarge my fear by a sad face .
I find also here my friends Joseph and Napoleon .
I believe the first thing a woman does in Paris is to buy a new bonnet .
then we set off on our day of sight-seeing , and Laddie proved himself an excellent guide .
but he was all right in a minute , and bravely put away his sorrow with the little picture .
here is one as a specimen .
never mind , I do it .
I fly to my work , and make no more ftes , it is too sad alone .
I wish some chapters to finish themselfs vite , that I send them to Pologne and know the end .
Mopy , is that your snum ?
so then the last time of seeing ourselves is not the last .
is that to please you ?
it is now time I work at my life in some useful way , and I do it .
a year ago he sent me his photograph and a few lines .
Little Tessa sat alone by the fire , waiting for her father to come home from work .
Tessa 's father was an Italian plaster-worker , very poor , but kind and honest .
I must find some way to give the little ones a nice Christmas .
I must !
they like my music , and often give me sips of hot coffee , which I like much .
the people laughed , for the song was merry ; and the fat man smiled and nodded again .
all the afternoon the two friends wandered about , singing and playing , and gathering up their small harvest .
at the fourth , some people let them sing all their songs and gave nothing .
sing another , little girl !
Tessa felt so grateful that , without waiting for Tommo , she sang her sweetest little song all alone .
Freddy , bring me your mittens ; these poor hands must be covered .
I live high up in a city house all alone .
you wanted a friend , and here I am .
all his mates were dead and gone , and he was alone , like myself .
I should like to stay in your warm room , and amuse you for my board .
so the bargain was struck , and he stopped to tea .
on account of his fine voice , I named him Buzz , and we soon got on excellently together .
on sunny days , he amused himself by bumping his head against the window , and watching what went on outside .
it would have given me a headache , but he seemed to enjoy it immensely .
Carlyle didn't suit him , and Richter evidently made his head ache .
but his favorite nook was among the ferns in the vase which a Parian dancing-girl carried .
then he was so interested in all I did , it was delightful to have him round .
I had no wings , and could only sit stupidly still , and laugh at his pranks .
at Christmas I went home for a week and left my room to take care of itself .
alas , no ! my little friend was gone .
there he lay on his back on the mantel-piece , his legs meekly folded , and his wings stiff and still .
THE CHILDREN'S JOKE .
yet a stranger seeing them and their home would have thought they had everything heart could desire .
come , mamma , let us promise , and see what these rogues will do for us .
Harry found papa enjoying the last delightful doze that makes bed so fascinating of a morning .
you are late again , sir .
no breakfast , sir .
I 'm sorry , but this habit must be broken up .
but she did not , and only answered with a meaning look .
they agreed , being ready for fun and not at all afraid of Mrs Fairbairn .
Mamma fell upon a sofa exhausted , and papa hurried to read his paper in the shady garden .
papa followed , and mamma sprang up from her nap , ready for her afternoon drive .
but Kitty understood , and her heart melted as she hugged her mother and said in her own caressing way
but Harry was down upon him at once .
they tried to comfort poor Hetty , but she would not be comforted .
the sunshiny little face was Hetty 's only comfort .
one of these household spirits is called Love , and it took the shape of Dandelion to comfort poor Hetty .
but Dandelion didn't get tired .
he firmly believed what he said , and nothing could change his mind .
MADAM CLUCK AND HER FAMILY .
there never was a prouder mamma than Madam Cluck when she led forth her family of eight downy little chicks .
the tragedy began with Chanty , who was the boldest little cockadoodle who ever tried to crow .
Speckle had hopped away from a toad with a startled chirp , which caused aunt to utter that remark .
oh , dear ! oh , dear !
I 'm going to crow , and can't be interrupted by any silly bit of a hen .
the chicks stopped scratching and peeping , and sat in a row to hear Strut crow .
he gave an angry cluck , flapped his wings , and tried again .
Peep and Peck were always together , being very fond of one another .
let me hold you !
taste this mint-leaf !
have a drop of water !
won't you come in , and stay all night ?
and off trotted Blot along the snowy road , hoping to get home before the hen-house door was shut .
a CURIOUS CALL .
as I look out , the first thing I see is the great gilt eagle on the City-Hall dome .
then I sat down by my fire , took my knitting , and began to meditate .
no one came , so I went to see who it was .
so I collected my wits , rubbed my eyes , and looked at my visitor .
it was the gold eagle off the City Hall !
I really didn't know what to do .
may I inquire who Mr Old-Ben is ?
bless you , ma'am !
I leave my roost every night , and enjoy myself in all sorts of larks .
my amusements are of a wholesome kind .
ah ! we have grand times when you are all asleep .
I asked , resolving to take a late walk the next moonlight night .
nice , robust young women are Pomona and Flora .
the city needs a deal of watching , my dear .
bless me ! it 's striking eight .
I 'll take him up gently , and carry him home to mother .
Kate and Bessy laughed .
Tilly peeped into the closet and saw nothing there but dry bread .
now I 'll surprise her , and she shall have a good supper too .
and Tilly 's mother went to the door .
no one was there .
we can do so little for our neighbours , I am glad to cheer the way for them .
MY LITTLE GENTLEMAN .
I 've got it !
it ain't likely you 'll ever find another wallet .
next day the kind man came to give Nanny her chance .
one young man , aged about ten , keeps hens ; and the trials of that boy are really pathetic .
I respect that virtuous boy .
I don't know as it would be proper for me to mention the grown-up people over the way .
then the naughty boy 's mother .
LITTLE MARIE OF LEHON .
the good sisters teach us the catechism , also to write and read and sew .
I asked , thinking that a sight of that blooming face would brighten our days for us .
we found Marie 's home a very poor one .
I wondered what the children at home would have said to such a supper .
the warm draught was delicious , and we drank each our portion with much merriment .
not once , but every night for six months , though she robbed her children to do it .
but the story she liked best of all was about the peasant girl and her grandmother .
in one of these so sad parties being driven to St Malo to be shot , was this young girl .
she had no wish to suffer , but she could not leave the good old grandmere to die alone .
she wept , she prayed , and the saints gave her courage .
I once asked , as she stopped for breath , because this tale always excited her .
we felt great pity for them , but liked little Marie 's way of praying best .
just as the story ended , she woke up , and at first seemed inclined to hide under the bedclothes .
Rosy and smiling and breathless with haste she came racing up to us , crying ,
I do not cry now .
MY MAY-DAY AMONG CURIOUS BIRDS AND BEASTS .
there were pretty spotted leopards , panthers , and smaller varieties of the same species .
this was their dinner , and as they were fed but once a day they were ravenous .
in a few minutes , nothing but white bones remained , and then they howled for more .
Douglas , Douglas , Tender and true .
the snake-house came next , and I went in , on my way to visit the rhinoceros family .
an ugly cobra laid and blinked at me through the glass , looking quite as dangerous as he was .
OUR LITTLE NEWSBOY .
I exclaimed to my brother , as we both bent over the bundle .
I asked .
this cool performance made Patty laugh , and say more pleasantly
suppose you make this a moral bed-quilt , as some people make album quilts .
aunt Pen did not say much , but made her mend and finish her patch and add it to the pile .
mother Bunch never tried to catch him , though he often hopped temptingly near her .
Patty settled it in that way , forgetting that the slide was open and Aunt Pen in the kitchen .
but Patty got the worst of it , as you will see by-and-bye .
Patty remembered both these things , but could not resist temptation .
my name is Lizzie , and I 'm very glad to see you .
cried Patty with a look of terror in her rosy face .
Patty put up her trembling lips , and kissed Aunt Pen , grateful for the tender sympathy and the helpful words .
in the next was a plump , tailless bird , who seemed to be saying mournfully
it is just so with our lives , though we don't see it quite as clearly as this .
End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Aunt Jo 's Scrap-Bag , by Louisa M Alcott
THE RED FAIRY BOOK
MASTER BILLY TREMAYNE MILES
THE TWELVE DANCING PRINCESSES
the next day at the same hour he went to sleep again under the same tree .
it was the little cow-boy driving his herd back to the byre .
it was enough to make anyone laugh , certainly .
on hearing the proclamation a number of princes arrived at the castle to try their luck .
when he reached the castle , Michael went straight to the gardener and offered his services .
accordingly he placed himself behind the door of the princesses ' room , with the twelve bouquets in a basket .
nevertheless , the Star Gazer had another dream .
so he carefully obeyed the orders he had been given by the lady .
the princesses began at once to open their wardrobes and boxes .
then the eldest Princess clapped her hands three times and a trap door opened .
all the princesses disappeared down a secret staircase , and Michael hastily followed them .
as he was following on the steps of the Princess Lina , he carelessly trod on her dress .
each princess entered one of the boats , and Michael slipped into that which held the youngest .
Michael followed , and entered the ball-room in their train .
the Star Gazer was quite bewildered at the magnificence of the sight .
he placed himself out of the way in a corner , admiring the grace and beauty of the princesses .
their loveliness was of every kind .
they danced on till the shoes of the princesses were worn into holes .
Lina turned as she heard the noise made by the breaking of the branch .
when Lina discovered it she was much surprised .
this time it was the Prince who complained that the boat seemed very heavy .
during the ball she looked everywhere for the gardener 's boy , but she never saw him .
as soon as she got up she found the branch in her bouquet .
that day there was a branch of the trees in her bouquet .
but Michael was silent .
Lina 's sisters had seen her talking to the little garden boy , and jeered at her for it .
Michael behaved most respectfully .
one day she made up her mind to tell everything to her eldest sister .
for this was the way that in old times beautiful princesses got rid of people who knew too much .
it was agreed that the question should be submitted to the other ten sisters .
all were on the side of the eldest .
then , in commanding tones , the eldest sister gave him the order they had agreed upon .
a beautiful pink flower appeared .
the twelve princesses went upstairs to bed .
this time he did not cross in Lina 's boat .
at last the time came for him to dance with the little Princess .
when he was taking her back to her place she said to him in a mocking voice :
when the satin slippers were worn through the fiddles stopped , and the negro boys set the table .
Michael was placed next to the eldest sister , and opposite to the youngest .
at last the eldest sister made a sign , and one of the black pages brought in a large golden cup .
Michael flung the contents of the cup behind him , sprang over the table , and fell at Lina 's feet .
the charm was broken .
they went straight to the room of the Duke of Beloeil , who had just awoke .
Michael held in his hand the golden cup , and he revealed the secret of the holes in the shoes .
and this is why the country girls go about singing :
then the Queen began to cry .
but the ugly old Fairy only grunted and made no answer .
so the King had a tower built on purpose .
and the Queen laughed until she was tired at the idea of having outwitted the old Fairy .
it was a scene of woe .
nothing could have been more splendid than the ambassador 's attire .
as soon as the ambassador arrived at the palace , the Queen started to fetch her daughter .
they had hardly begun to get the Princess ready when a dwarf arrived , mounted upon an elephant .
but the Princess scarcely gave a glance to any of these treasures , for she thought of nothing but Fanfaronade .
the Queen put her royal mantle over her head , and all the princesses did the same with their trains .
the Ambassador thought he must be dreaming , and could hardly believe what the lovely Princess said .
when they reached the palace the King kissed his daughter on both cheeks , and said :
so she ordered the old boatman to steer for Squirrel Island .
by this time the King had missed his dagger , and the search began all over again .
and then he asked where the Princess was .
upon this her nurse came forward and said :
this was more than the Queen could bear .
but the Admiral Cocked-Hat interrupted her , crying :
but he would not answer any questions , and pretended to be deaf and dumb .
lash him to the mast and give him a taste of the cat-o'-nine-tails .
when he saw that she came empty-handed he got up and left her , grumbling to himself .
the next day they searched again , but with no better success .
Mayblossom ran to the tree , and sure enough there was the honey .
without losing a moment she ran with it to Fanfaronade , crying gaily :
it was the work of a very clever Fairy , and contained a description of the whole earth .
he very soon found that Squirrel Island was uninhabited .
as he was not very brave he accepted her aid gladly .
while they were talking she cried suddenly :
so the Admiral sent back to his ship for everything that was needful , and they feasted merrily under the trees .
then salutes were fired , the fleet weighed anchor , and very soon they reached the port .
but , after all , it must have been all Carabosse 's fault .
THERE was once upon a time a couple of folks who had a son called Halvor .
and Halvor had a fancy for that , so he was not long in getting ready .
there were vessels of gold and silver , but not one human being was to be seen .
Halvor got behind the door .
so she told him where they were .
Halvor was so strong that he cleared everything away , and made all clean and tidy very quickly .
he gave himself no rest , but walked or ran the livelong day .
when he came in sight of the castle he was again just a little afraid .
so Halvor went into the kitchen , and did not linger there either , but went straight in .
with that Halvor cut off the first head , and so on with all the rest .
there a Princess was sitting , who was so beautiful that there was never anyone to equal her .
the Troll had nine heads , she told him .
they thought that this might easily be done .
Halvor was standing outside his father and mother 's cottage before he knew what he was about .
Halvor then inquired if he could stay there and have lodging for the night .
it will be better for you to go up to the farm .
she went there first , and Halvor followed her .
he followed them out , and they came to a large pond outside the farm-house .
when he had walked some distance he met a man with a tolerably good horse .
Halvor longed to buy it , and began to bargain with the man .
Halvor inquired how much he wanted to have for the horse .
at daybreak he set off again , for he did not feel as if he could take any rest .
but on the evening of the second day he saw a light shining through the trees .
so when the Moon stood clear and bright above the tree-tops the old woman went out .
but won't you exchange him with me ?
the old woman went out and cried :
Canst thou tell me the way to Soria Moria Castle ?
Out ran Halvor .
and then he asked them the way to Soria Moria Castle .
THE DEATH OF KOSHCHEI THE DEATHLESS
IN a certain kingdom there lived a Prince Ivan .
he had three sisters .
suddenly the sky was covered by a black cloud ; a terrible storm arose .
before I came as a guest , but now I have come as a wooer !
the Princess Marya gave her consent ; the Falcon married her and bore her away into his own realm .
days follow days , hours chase hours ; a whole year goes by .
one day Prince Ivan and his two sisters went out to stroll in the garden green .
the Eagle smote upon the ground and became a brave youth .
and he asked for the hand of the Princess Olga .
the Princess Olga gave her consent and married the Eagle .
the Eagle took her and carried her off to his own kingdom .
another year went by .
Prince Ivan said to his youngest sister :
they strolled about for a time .
the Raven smote upon the floor and became a brave youth .
before I came as a guest , but now I have come as a wooer !
so the Princess Anna married the Raven , and he bore her away into his own realm .
Prince Ivan was left alone .
Thereat was Prince Ivan glad .
the fair Princess , Marya Morevna , carried him off into her own realm .
he couldn't help doing so .
then Koshchei entreated Prince Ivan , saying :
the Prince gave him a bucketful of water ; he drank it up and asked for more , saying :
the Prince gave him a second bucketful .
so Prince Ivan left his silver spoon at the Falcon 's , and went on his way again .
he left a silver fork behind , and went his way .
so they got ready and fled .
now Koshchei was out hunting .
towards evening he was returning home , when his good steed stumbled beneath him .
Koshchei galloped off and caught up Prince Ivan .
then he took Marya Morevna from him , and carried her off .
but Prince Ivan sat down on a stone and burst into tears .
he wept and wept and then returned back again to Marya Morevna .
now Koshchei the Deathless happened not to be at home .
so they got ready and fled .
as Koshchei the Deathless was returning home , his good steed stumbled beneath him .
and he took her away and carried her off home with him .
Prince Ivan was left there alone .
he wept and wept ; then he went back again after Marya Morevna .
Koshchei happened to be away from home at that moment .
I cannot live without you .
so they got ready and fled .
Koshchei the Deathless was returning home when his good steed stumbled beneath him .
but Marya Morevna he carried off home .
the Raven sprinkled them with the Water of Death the pieces joined together , the body became whole .
the Falcon sprinkled it with the Water of Life Prince Ivan shuddered , stood up , and said :
and when he had found her , he said to her :
so Marya Morevna chose a favourable moment , and began asking Koshchei about it .
she has so good a mare that she flies right round the world on it every day .
and she has many other splendid mares .
so he managed to get across the fiery river , and then went on to the Baba Yaga 's .
at last he came across an outlandish bird and its young ones .
he went on farther and saw a hive of bees in the forest .
you won't have to serve a year with me , but just three days .
if you take good care of my mares , I 'll give you an heroic steed .
Prince Ivan agreed to these terms .
the Baba Yaga gave him food and drink , and bade him set about his business .
before the Prince had time to look round they were all out of sight .
the Prince arose and returned home .
there the Baba Yaga was storming and raging at her mares , and shrieking :
Prince Ivan slept all night .
in the morning the Baba Yaga says to him :
he drove the mares afield .
immediately they cocked up their tails and dispersed among the thick forests .
the sun went down behind the forest .
up came running the lioness .
Prince Ivan arose and went home .
next morning the Baba Yaga sent him forth to watch the mares .
he drove the mares afield .
immediately they cocked up their tails , disappeared from sight , and fled into the blue sea .
there they stood , up to their necks in water .
Prince Ivan sat down on the stone , wept , and fell asleep .
the mares are all collected .
there you will find a sorry colt rolling in the muck .
the Baba Yaga went to sleep .
when the Baba Yaga got up in the morning the sorry colt was not to be seen !
Prince Ivan fattened up the colt in the green meadows , and it turned into a wondrous steed .
she came running out , and flung herself on his neck , crying :
so they got on its back and rode away .
Koshchei the Deathless was returning home when his horse stumbled beneath him .
wherever they went they met with a joyful greeting .
well , it wasn't for nothing that you gave yourself so much trouble .
THE BLACK THIEF AND KNIGHT OF THE GLEN .
that fared well , and King and Queen lived happy together for several years .
the prince , willing to gratify his request , told him their affairs from the beginning to the end .
I had not been long there when I saw three witches coming in with three bags of gold .
each put their bags of gold under their heads , as if to sleep .
but he went on , and at last he saw a light far away in the wood .
so he went in , and inside there was an old woman who was busy about some work .
in the meantime the youth had taken the ox and gone off with it .
but the robbers they knew it well , because they got out their magic .
no , I can't believe that it is anything but witchcraft !
so he tied up his ox and ran back to see if they really were hanging there .
so he went home and took the third ox , and drove it off without his wife knowing anything about it .
so he tied up the third , and ran away off the road to look for them in the wood .
in the meantime the youth went away with the third ox .
the man did tell him , and the youth thought it would be easy enough to do it .
later in the afternoon the Master Thief came and wanted to have the Governor 's daughter as he had promised .
then he engaged eleven men to lie that night in hiding behind the Governor 's stable .
be off this moment !
as the night wore on the stable boys found it rather cold work to sit still on horseback .
this was some help to them , but very soon they were just as cold as before .
let me have a drop !
and they all got a beating for not having kept watch better .
the following day he went to the Governor and wanted to have his daughter according to promise .
so he took up a rifle which he had laid at his bedside .
so she gave him the sheet .
an hour later the real Governor returned .
then said brother :
he jumped up , took sister by the hand , and they set off to hunt for the brook .
she had crept secretly after them , and had cast her spells over all the streams in the forest .
brother was dreadfully thirsty , but he did not drink .
when they came to the second brook , sister heard it repeating too :
and when they got to the third brook , sister heard it say as it rushed past :
at last the girl said :
then she plucked rushes and plaited a soft cord of them , which she fastened to the collar .
and he begged and prayed till at last she consented .
the door opened , and he ran in and rested all night on his soft mossy bed .
Poor sister was terribly frightened when she saw how her little Fawn had been wounded .
the Roe was petted and caressed , and ran about at will in the palace gardens .
she lifted the child from its cradle , laid it on her arm , and nursed it for some time .
after some little time had elapsed the Queen spoke one night , and said :
is my Roe well ?
when the evening came he went to the nursery , and at midnight the Queen appeared and said :
is my Roe well ?
the King dared not trust himself to speak to her , but the following night he kept watch again .
that night when the Queen came she said :
is my Roe well ?
then she told the King all the cruel things the wicked witch and her daughter had done .
the King had them both arrested at once and brought to trial , and they were condemned to death .
for that was the name they had given the Princess .
So , after a great deal of persuasion , they said :
but the Queen still looked sad , and the King asked her again what was the matter .
and after that there was nothing but feasting and rejoicing .
the new King and his brother said to one another :
Rosette thought she had never seen anything so pretty .
at this the King was very much astonished .
if we find him for you we shall be very glad .
so they set out , and asked everyone they met
the King and the Prince were delighted to see that the King of the Peacocks was as handsome as possible .
he had curly golden hair and was very pale , and he wore a crown of peacocks ' feathers .
so saying they drew from their travelling bag the picture of Rosette .
we have come to ask if you would like to marry her .
everyone had as many cakes and sweetmeats as he wanted .
the nurse asked the boatman :
then the nurse said :
and the boatman answered :
the King had sent a hundred carriages to meet them , drawn by every kind of strange animal .
there were lions , bears , wolves , stags , horses , buffaloes , eagles , and peacocks .
the nurse had taken all the pains imaginable to deck out her daughter .
then they whispered one to another :
what a bride for our poor King !
which offended her so much that she said to the guards :
but the peacocks only flew away , laughing at her .
the rogue of a boatman , who noticed all this , said softly to the nurse :
now they told the King that the Princess was approaching .
for she was really ugly enough to have frightened anybody .
do they propose that I shall marry this hideous creature ?
and this idea annoyed them very much .
while all this was going on at court , let us see what had been happening to the real Princess .
the Princess cried and cried , until even the fishes were sorry for her .
when he heard Frisk 's barking he thought to himself :
he begged that she would tell him all her history , as she might safely trust him .
shall I go and tell the King of the Peacocks that you are here ?
when the King of the Peacocks wanted his dinner there was nothing in the pot and nothing in the pantry .
all the courtiers looked at one another in dismay , and the King was terribly cross .
the King , who was very much astonished , said he should like to go and see for himself .
the King ordered that they should be seized and bound with ropes , and Frisk also .
then the old man went down on his knees before the King and begged for time to tell him everything .
the enemy is approaching us with a large army .
during my absence take care of yourselves and be good girls ; behave well and look after everything in the house .
but this happy state of things did not last long .
every day they grew more and more curious , and you will see what the end of that was .
the three girls entered , and what do you think they saw ?
then the second girl stepped forward , and turning over the page she read :
the girls were delighted , and laughed and teased each other .
but the youngest Princess did not want to go near the table or to open the book .
now if a thunderbolt had fallen upon her from heaven it would not have frightened her more .
besides , the thought weighed on her heart that she had been guilty of disobeying her father .
he then entered his palace , and the three Princesses stepped forward to meet him .
they confessed everything , but took good care not to say which had led the other two into temptation .
the King was so distressed when he heard it that he was almost overcome by grief .
but he took heart and tried to comfort his daughters , who looked frightened to death .
the King gladly gave his consent .
I do not myself believe that he always was a pig .
after the marriage , the Pig and his bride set out for his home in one of the royal carriages .
what was the poor girl to do ?
during the night the Princess noticed that the Pig had changed into a man .
clearly her husband must be bewitched .
in time she grew quite fond of him , he was so kind and gentle .
I do not want any reward .
I shall be sufficiently repaid by knowing that you are happy .
the Princess knocked at the door , and begged to be let in that she might rest a little .
and while she was here the Princess had a little baby .
one day the mother of the Moon asked her :
at length , wearied to death , she reached the palace in which the Sun lived .
she knocked and begged for admission .
but his mother had soothed him with soft words , assuring him that this was not so .
this was where the Wind lived .
at last she reached a beautiful green meadow on the edge of a wood .
for three days and three nights she struggled through it , but could find nothing .
it had no windows , and the door was up in the roof .
round the house she went , in search of steps , but could find none .
what was she to do ?
how was she to get in ?
what was she to do ?
without that last step the whole ladder was useless .
she must have lost one of the bones .
then suddenly an idea came to her .
the ladder was complete , and with her child on her arm she entered the door of the house .
here she found everything in perfect order .
here he found a woman rocking a child .
he was a very handsome man , as straight as a fir tree .
and then he told her his own history .
his mother , who was a witch , cast a spell over me and changed me into a Pig .
and in their joy they kissed one another .
next morning they set out early to return to his father 's kingdom .
then they set out to see her father .
the old King nearly went out of his mind with joy at beholding his daughter again .
when she had told him all her adventures , he said to her :
and as the King was old and had no heirs , he put them on the throne in his place .
ONCE upon a time there lived a King and Queen .
well , the eldest son undertook the task .
as soon as it was night , he took his weapons and set out .
when he came to his senses it was too late ; the day had already dawned .
he felt himself disgraced in the eyes of his father , but there was no help for it .
the next day the second son went , and did just the same .
well , on the third day the youngest son undertook the task .
they all laughed him to scorn , because he was so stupid , feeling sure he wouldn't do anything .
presently the midnight hour sounded .
it fled back , and the Prince ran after it .
presently he came up with the beast , and they began a fight .
they fought and fought ; the Prince gave the beast three wounds .
at last they were both utterly exhausted , so they lay down to take a short rest .
but the moment the Prince closed his eyes , up jumped the beast and took to flight .
again the Prince gave the beast three wounds , and then he and the beast lay down again to rest .
the Prince caught it up , and again gave it three wounds .
his father ordered this to be done .
when they got there , they built a palace on the spot , and lived in it for some time .
and when he had flung the stone aside , he spoke a second time to his brothers , saying :
neither of them offered to do so .
he walked and walked .
he entered the courtyard , tied up his horse , and went indoors .
in one of the rooms a dinner was laid out .
he sat down and dined , and then went into a bedroom .
there he found a bed , on which he lay down to rest .
she told him that her brother Norka was then at her youngest sister 's .
so he went on to the youngest sister , who lived in a golden palace .
and when he had heard these things , he went his way .
the Prince crossed himself , went up to it , and smote it on the head with his sword .
then he jerked away at the rope and his brothers began to haul it up .
so when they had agreed on this , they lowered the rope .
his brothers hoisted the stone to a great height , and then cut the rope .
well , he walked and walked .
presently a storm arose ; the lightning flashed , the thunder roared , the rain fell in torrents .
now this was the mother of those small birds which the Prince had covered up .
but he went to the house of a certain tailor , and engaged himself as his servant .
so the tailor went .
when his tailor had settled everything , he went home .
and the tailor followed his lad 's advice , and went to bed .
midnight sounded .
and when he got there he hung up the robes on the wall , and lay down to sleep .
he was delighted , and he seized them and carried them off to the King .
but when they were ready for the wedding , the youngest bride said to the King :
then the King was wroth with those sons , and punished them as he thought best .
and afterwards three weddings were celebrated .
when they were safe at home the witch said to the man :
the man , who was a peaceable quiet sort of fellow , made no objections , but simply said :
shortly after this they took the black sheep from the flock and slaughtered it .
the witch made pease-soup of it , and set it before the daughter .
but the girl remembered her mother 's warning .
Poor and wretched , one and all !
the witch said to the man :
so the man took the child and set out .
then she hastened after the others , and the poor girl stayed at home and wept .
the girl did so .
then she went back to the birch tree and laid the branch upon the grave .
are you not sorry for the witch 's daughter ?
it was not her fault that her mother was a witch .
you don't know what fine times we have had at the palace !
the next day they were invited again to the King 's banquet .
there she left her horse and her fine clothes , and said to her mother :
then the witch said to her :
the man 's daughter held her peace all the time , and busied herself about the hearth .
so the old man got up .
then the witch gave him the child , saying :
she did as usual .
this time it was a dish of milk she poured upon the ashes , saying :
when she got to the courtyard she found the Prince waiting for her .
she reached the birch tree , and laying aside her finery , she said :
immediately the witch began to mock her , saying :
my little girl was carried about again , but had the ill-luck to fall and get her eye knocked out .
the witch got ready to go too .
when all the people were gathered together , the King 's son stepped in among the crowd and cried :
the things would fit no one , however .
it was the same with the circlet and the shoes of gold .
what was to be done now ?
there they lived a long time together , and the young wife bore a son to the Prince .
but now the child grew restless and cried , because it missed its mother 's care .
but the King 's son stood firm by what he had commanded , and said :
so the widow woman took the child to the wood .
the following morning the widow woman went back to the castle to fetch the child .
so the widow took the child in her arms , and carried it to the marsh in the forest .
there she sang as on the preceding day
and immediately the reindeer left the herd and came to the child , and tended it as on the day before .
then the widow woman said to the reindeer :
JACK AND THE BEANSTALK
JACK SELLS THE COW
there had been a hard winter , and after it the poor woman had suffered from fever and ague .
Jack did no work as yet , and by degrees they grew dreadfully poor .
at daybreak Jack rose and went out into the garden .
the stalks had twined and twisted themselves together till they formed quite a ladder .
however , after his late mistake about the cow , he thought he had better consult his mother first .
WONDERFUL GROWTH OF THE BEANSTALK
so after resting for a moment he went on .
Jack took off his cap and made her a bow .
years rolled on .
Jack uttered a cry of surprise .
my poor father !
but the task is a very difficult one , and full of peril , Jack .
no , I shan't let you go again .
and you shall be my boy .
while she spoke she dragged Jack right into the castle .
and she opened a huge wardrobe which stood in the great hall , and shut him into it .
he helped her all day .
THE HEN THAT LAYS GOLDEN EGGS .
the Giant came in to supper .
when the supper was ended he bade his wife bring him his hen that laid the golden eggs .
and she instantly laid a golden egg .
and she laid another .
and again a golden egg lay on the table .
now Jack was sure this hen was that of which the fairy had spoken .
she was very glad to see the hen , which would make them rich once more .
THE MONEY BAGS .
she bade him stay quite still there , or the Giant would eat him .
Jack was amazed to see them pick the bones of the bullock as if it had been a lark .
as soon as they had finished their meal , the Giantess rose and said :
the Giantess obeyed .
she went and soon returned with two large bags over her shoulders , which she put down by her husband .
she had just returned from town , and was crying at not finding Jack .
and Jack told her all about it .
but after a time Jack made up his mind to go again to the Giant 's castle .
THE TALKING HARP .
so he climbed the Beanstalk once more , and blew the horn at the Giant 's gate .
By-and-by the Giant came home , and as soon as he had crossed the threshold he roared out :
and the Giant sat down , and his wife brought up a whole sheep for his dinner .
when he had eaten it all up , he said :
the Giantess obeyed , and returned with a beautiful harp .
the framework was all sparkling with diamonds and rubies , and the strings were all of gold .
and the harp played a very soft , sad air .
and the harp played a merry tune .
and the Giant woke up .
with a tremendous roar he sprang from his seat , and in two strides had reached the door .
but Jack was very nimble .
THE GIANT BREAKS HIS NECK .
before Jack and his mother had recovered from their alarm and agitation , a beautiful lady stood before them .
the Fairy smiled on Jack .
she told him that she would drive him there in her chariot , which was drawn by two peacocks .
Jack thanked her , and sat down in the chariot with her .
here they found a number of miserable-looking men assembled .
the old Giantess saw them coming from the turret loop-hole .
thus Jack took possession of the castle .
the Fairy went and brought his mother to him , with the hen and the harp .
THE LITTLE GOOD MOUSE
now in the next kingdom everything was as different as it could possibly be .
the King was sulky and savage , and never enjoyed himself at all .
this kingdom was very appropriately called the Land of Tears .
I am far too brave for that .
then he stamped off , taking the Fairy with him , and leaving the poor Queen in tears .
as she spoke she saw the little mouse playing in a corner with some long straws .
the Queen took them and began to plait them , saying :
good-bye , madam !
then , turning to the little Princess , she kissed her rosy lips three times , saying :
in the greatest terror she ran up again to the Queen , crying :
the Turkey-maiden answered proudly :
upon hearing this the Fairy became convinced that the little Turkey-maiden was none other than the Princess Delicia .
so she hurried back to her castle , where the Queen sat busy with her embroidery , and cried :
so he called his guards and told them to go and fetch Delicia .
then the poor little Princess , shaking with terror , went down on her knees , crying :
it would be so uncomfortable .
but the Fairy bade her take courage .
ONCE upon a time there lived a King and Queen who had one charming daughter .
everybody said she was the happiest Princess in the world .
but if anybody who went to see her happened to mention the charming Princess , she would cry angrily :
meanwhile the Duchess Grumbly was also occupied in attiring herself .
she dyed her red hair black , and painted her face .
thinking he might belong to the household of the Duchess , she said :
I have so often heard of you and wished to see you .
indeed , she was so pretty that it was a real pleasure to look at her .
when they met the Duchess Grumbly she was seated in an open carriage trying in vain to look dignified .
the King and the Princess saluted her , and her horse was brought forward for her to mount .
and the King ordered the Page to come and lead the Queen 's horse .
never was a bride seen in such a dismal plight .
Poor Graciosa wished miserably that Percinet could only know what was happening and come to rescue her .
however , when nearly all the strangers had been defeated , a young unknown knight presented himself .
the unknown knight then saluted her gracefully and retired , without telling his name to anybody .
but Graciosa had no difficulty in guessing that it was Percinet .
the wicked Queen waited impatiently until night fell , and then she ordered her carriage to be brought .
she had hardly spoken when all the forest was lighted up with a sudden glow .
the Princess stood dismayed at the sight of the terrible skein .
at last she threw it into the middle of the floor , crying :
and then she sent her back to be locked into the garret once more .
then the Queen sent for the Fairy again and scolded her furiously .
tell her to pick out and lay in a separate heap the feathers of each bird .
the Queen was more than delighted at the thought of the despair this task would cause the Princess .
when the wicked Queen came at sunset she was amazed and infuriated to find the task done .
at the end of three days she came again , bringing with her a box .
she was carefully holding the box upon her lap when she suddenly felt the greatest desire to open it .
and without farther hesitation she lifted the cover .
immediately Percinet stood before her .
yes ! there was no mistaking it , and the Queen and Percinet were coming to meet her .
Mdme . d'Aulnoy .
THE THREE PRINCESSES OF WHITELAND
one day he was out fishing , but caught nothing at all .
so he did what the Princess had told him .
so he took the youngest for his Queen , and lived with her very happily for a long time .
so the King asked where Whiteland was .
so the man gave him a pair of snow shoes .
no , none knew this .
long after the others there came an old eagle .
the man called the fish together with his horn , but none of them knew anything about it .
at last came an old , old pike , which he had great difficulty in bringing home to him .
so the King thanked him and went , and did what he had said .
while he was going quickly through the air he fell in with the North Wind .
as the North Wind had said , so did the King .
and when he was rid of him the King went into the castle .
THE VOICE OF DEATH
our traveller was delighted when he heard this , and said :
for some years everything went well with them , and they lived happily in their new home .
when she saw that he had done this , she said :
but one day the man was at the barber 's as usual , being shaved .
the barber and the other people in the shop listened to him with amazement .
but again looking towards the door , he exclaimed :
at last he jumped up , and caught the razor out of the barber 's hand , exclaiming :
when the young man heard this answer he replied :
so he continued his journey , and after walking a long way he reached an orchard .
then he saw some people knocking down walnuts , and trying to throw them into a cart with a fork .
so he went on his way , and by-and-by he came to a wood .
so she went about with the cattle , and herded them in the woods and in the fields .
of food she got little or none , and grew pale and thin , and was nearly always weeping and sad .
she made no answer , but continued to weep .
so the waiting-maid went home and told the Queen .
so there was great gladness in the palace , but no one was more glad than the King 's daughter .
but before they entered the wood the Bull said to the King 's daughter :
the trees , and the boughs , and the leaves , and the flowers , and everything else was of silver .
here all happened just as it had happened in the copper wood and silver wood .
then she put on the wooden gown , and walked to the King 's palace .
and then she washed up , and did it very tidily .
she had to bear that , but then she asked permission to go to church .
she got that , for the church was very near .
instantly a man came forth and asked what she wanted .
and when the Prince took out the glove and wanted to give it back to her , she said :
next Sunday some one had to take up a towel to the Prince .
next Sunday some one had to go to the Prince with a comb .
and now all happened just as it had happened twice already .
but when the Prince wanted to reach her her gold shoe , she said :
he had not gone far when he met his lady-friend Ladder , leaning on her wall .
Drakestail is off again , singing and spruce as before .
that 's easily said .
the porter descends .
I will compel you to receive me .
but turkeys and chickens are creatures who don't like people that are not as themselves .
finally they rushed at him all together , to overwhelm him with pecks .
and it was done as he commanded .
and quickly two footmen ran to fetch Drakestail .
he thought this time it was all up with him .
Hereupon the scene changes .
he could not get over it .
thus he became King .
the night was even worse .
as soon as the lights were out , these untiring nibblers set to work .
that is how he may be seen to this day , painted on a window of the cathedral of Hamel .
the Town Counsellor , who was considered clever , reassured them .
well , we must learn to catch the devil in his own snares .
and the stranger was brought before them .
the Town Counsellor simply shrugged his shoulders and said to the stranger :
towards nine at night the bagpiper re-appeared on the market place .
it was the king of the band .
then the old white rat sprang in his turn into the river , swam to the whirlpool and disappeared .
when the bagpiper had thus concluded his business he went to bed at his inn .
and for the first time during three months the people of Hamel slept quietly through the night .
the ratcatcher did not expect this treacherous stroke .
he paled with anger and his eyes flashed fire .
we ourselves could refuse you all payment .
but what made them laugh above all was his threat of getting himself paid by their heirs .
Ha ! they wished that they only had such creditors for the rest of their lives .
they never suspected the terrible surprise that awaited them on their return home .
there they found the ratcatcher playing his bagpipes at the same spot as the evening before .
only the three little ones who told the adventure had remained outside , as if by a miracle .
at this story the parents redoubled their lamentations .
it was not till much later that anything was to be heard of them .
THE TRUE HISTORY OF LITTLE GOLDEN HOOD
the story begins something like the tale .
there was once a little peasant girl , pretty and nice as a star in its season .
and so it was , as you will see .
you shall take this good piece of cake to your Grandmother for a Sunday treat to-morrow .
instead of falling upon Blanchette he came frisking up to her like a good dog .
he knocks at the door : toc , toc .
at last she arrives at the door .
knock , knock .
she kept her little hood upon her head .
but she put down her head crying :
it was the little fire-coloured hood that had burnt his tongue right down his throat .
Just at this moment the Grandmother arrives , returning from the town with her long sack empty on her shoulder .
quickly she opens her sack wide across the door , and the maddened Wolf springs in head downwards .
it was the mother .
and Blanchette , the Little Golden-hood , kept her word .
no prince equalled him in cleverness and kindness of heart , but unfortunately he was most terribly ugly .
and the Prince , seeing that it was of no use to remonstrate , bowed and retired .
but the King would not listen to her , and sent her away with the ambassadors .
and he fitted in the little key and turned it .
the tiny door swung back , and a soft crimson light gleamed over the whole cabinet .
the voice ceased , and though the Prince in his bewilderment asked various questions , he received no answer .
instantly the lady opened her lustrous eyes , and saw the Eagle hovering near .
but the Eagle , uttering a dolorous cry , fluttered his broad wings and disappeared .
I cannot explain more at present .
and there we must leave him for the present , and see what was happening elsewhere .
in the meantime the Princess Cabbage-Stalk had reached the palace , travelling in a litter .
see , I have brought with me my white and yellow muff .
but to climb up there seemed impossible .
the great clock was in the turret , as she knew , though the weights hung down into the gallery .
and at this moment a voice in her ear said softly :
we both loved the same Fairy , but she preferred me .
she grew tall and straight and pretty , with eyes like shining stars , and a skin as white as milk .
they are princes and princesses who have happened to offend me .
they used to love one another as much as they now hate one another .
but as soon as she was safely out she began to be rather sorry for herself .
she was quaintly dressed in a ruff and farthingale , and a velvet hood covered her snow-white hair .
the Prince thanked her heartily and set out .
he entered without difficulty , and in the hall the terrible old Fairy met him .
In despair he cried :
immediately a soft voice said in his ear :
are we pursued , think you ?
it breaks enchantments , and makes all who approach it young and beautiful .
the Mice courteously assented , and after many polite speeches the whole party fell asleep .
the roses were crimson diamonds , with emerald leaves .
par Madame d'Aulnoy .
the two girls were great friends and used often to play together .
one day the woman turned to the man 's daughter and said :
the girl went straight home and told her father what the woman had said .
so she went and told her father the result .
then she gave her a hard crust of bread , saying :
the girl was so obedient that she put on the paper dress and set out with her little basket .
there was nothing but snow far and near , and not a green blade of grass to be seen anywhere .
she wished them good-day , and knocked modestly at the door .
then they asked her what she was doing in the depths of winter in her thin dress .
but her mother refused to let her go , saying :
when she had finished eating they said :
the girl searched for strawberries , but she found none , and returned home in a very bad temper .
her stepdaughter obeyed as usual , and went and broke a hole in the ice .
so all turned out just as the three little Dwarfs had said .
after a year the Queen gave birth to a little son .
when the King came home and wished to speak to his wife the woman called out :
but that same evening the scullion noticed a duck swimming up the gutter , saying as it passed :
and receiving no reply , it continued :
and the Scullion answered :
this was repeated for two nights , and on the third the Duck said to the Scullion :
after the christening he said :
then the wicked old stepmother answered :
when he had walked a long way , he came to a King 's palace .
there he asked for a place and got it .
so the youth did this he killed all the twelve foals , and then went back again .
for this year also each mare had her foal .
so the lad promised not to forget to do that .
he went down into the stable , and very sad and full of care he was .
however , we will try .
the youth did it .
so they travelled onwards a long time , and saw one new scene after another once more .
then Dapplegrim neighed again .
when he got there , the King was standing outside in the courtyard .
she shall hide herself twice , and then thou shalt hide thyself twice .
so the King 's daughter was to hide herself first .
then she changed herself into a duck , and lay swimming in a lake that was just outside the palace .
but the youth went down into the stable and asked Dapplegrim what she had done with herself .
the youth snatched up his gun and ran to the lake .
so he had found her once .
instead of chatting with them in the dusk , he wandered about the woods , whispering to the moon .
that evening Tubby and his son ate the golden apples at supper , and thought them delicious .
next morning as the day dawned , Desire went down to the stable and saddled his pretty white horse .
he jumped lightly on his horse , and was a mile from home before Tubby had ceased laughing .
an old man with a white beard was sitting on the doorstep enjoying the fresh air .
when his hunger was satisfied the old man said to him :
you will come to a vast park surrounded by high walls .
behind the castle is the orange grove .
follow the wall till you come to a heavy iron gate .
next , you will see a baking woman leaning over her heated oven .
give her this brush .
when you have done this , do not enter the castle , but go round it and enter the orange grove .
once out of the gate , leave the forest by the opposite side .
desire thanked his host warmly , and took the road he pointed out .
in less than an hour he arrived at the wall , which was very high indeed .
he sprang to the ground , fastened his horse to a tree , and soon found the iron gate .
the Prince entered boldly into the courtyard .
a woman as tall as a giant was leaning over the oven .
Desire gave her the brush , which she took in silence .
lastly he went round the castle , and plunged into the orange grove .
there he gathered the three most beautiful oranges he could find , and turned to go back to the gate .
he has stretched me out in the sun .
he has given me as much as I want .
here he was seized with dreadful thirst ; he took his gourd and raised it to his lips .
but the gourd was empty ; in the excitement of his joy he had forgotten to fill it .
he rode on , struggling with his sufferings , but at last he could bear it no longer .
this idea put some life into him .
he had the strength to lift himself up and put his hand into his bag .
he drew out an orange and opened it with his knife .
Out of it flew the prettiest little female canary that ever was seen .
he hardly had courage to open his last orange .
then he remembered that the night before he had disobeyed the orders of the old man .
he took his knife and cut it open .
Great was the disappointment of Desire .
he asked her name .
but Zizi wished to know where he meant to take her .
Desire was charmed to answer them .
it is so delightful to teach those one loves !
once she inquired what the girls in his country were like .
still he was silent , and Zizi drew herself up proudly .
this time it was Zizi 's turn to be silent .
we must enter the castle with more ceremony .
when she was left by herself the poor girl began to feel afraid .
she was alone for the first time in her life , and in the middle of a thick forest .
suddenly she heard a noise among the trees .
let us see who this creature was .
so they used to call her Titty .
So saying , she broke her pitcher and went home .
the gypsy returned to the fountain , and addressing once more the image of Zizi , she said :
and she flung the bucket so high in the air that it stuck in the branches of an oak .
it was not at all easy to fill the milk-can , which was large and round .
it would not go down into the well , and the gypsy had to try again and again .
it was not long before she did think of it .
the innocent Zizi came down at once , and stood by Titty .
and , arranging her dress , she seated herself on the grass to await Desire .
meanwhile the Prince was coming as fast as his horse could carry him .
at the sight of the hideous gypsy he was struck dumb with surprise and horror .
while you were away the wicked witch came , and turned me into this .
and she began to cry bitterly .
why did I leave her alone ?
she was then perched on the top of a magnificent ambling palfrey , and they set forth to the castle .
at the sight of the hideous creature he almost fell backwards .
the feast was excellent , but Desire hardly touched anything .
now this was what had happened .
and instantly the chief of the scullions fell fast asleep , and the goose was burnt to a cinder .
while it was browning at the fire , Tubby inquired for his goose a second time .
Tubby showed his patience by abusing his son .
in a fury he woke the Scullion , who in order to save himself from blame told the whole story .
he spitted a third goose , lit a huge fire , and seated himself by it .
the bird flew into the kitchen .
then all the cooks and scullions sprang after it , knocking at it with their aprons .
he had come to see for himself why the goose had never made its appearance .
the Scullion stopped at once , just as he was about to wring the Canary 's neck .
the other one was stealing quietly to the door .
the marriage took place a few days later .
one day the King said to his wife :
then she blessed her sons and they set out into the wood .
so they lived for ten years in this little house , and the time slipped merrily away .
in the meantime their little sister at home was growing up quickly .
then she to tell her all that had happened , and when she had finished her daughter said :
so she took the twelve shirts and went on straight into the middle of the big wood .
she walked all day long , and came in the evening to the little enchanted house .
so they wept for joy , and kissed and hugged each other again and again .
after a time Benjamin said :
and Benjamin and his sister cooked their meals for them .
why didn't you leave the flowers alone ?
they were your twelve brothers .
she gave no answer , but nodded slightly with her head .
the marriage was celebrated with much pomp and ceremony , but the bride neither spoke nor laughed .
then a sudden rushing sound was heard in the air , and twelve ravens were seen flying overhead .
then her husband grew alarmed and said :
Rapunzel was the most beautiful child under the sun .
for Rapunzel had wonderful long hair , and it was as fine as spun gold .
so on the following day , at dusk , he went to the foot of the tower and cried :
and as soon as she had let it down the Prince climbed up .
his wife , on the other hand , was always tender and pitiful to the poor and miserable .
this Countess was adored as much as the Count was hated .
three days later the Count again passed by .
this offer produced no more effect than the other , and Renelde did not go to the castle .
so even if the Count had really wished to marry Renelde , she would always have refused .
some weeks passed before Burchard appeared again .
this time Renelde was spinning not hemp , but flax .
do you see those tall nettles that grow on the tombs in the churchyard ?
go and gather them , and spin them into two fine shifts .
one shall be your bridal shift , and the other shall be my shroud .
and the Count turned away with a mocking laugh .
Renelde trembled .
every evening , when his work was done , Guilbert came to visit his future bride .
this evening he came as usual , and Renelde told him what Burchard had said .
and then we must not hurt the Count .
but what God commands , man can do .
very soon she had spun the first shift , which was for her own wedding .
just as she had finished sewing it , Burchard the Wolf passed by .
the spinner set to work .
no doubt Renelde 's spinning-wheel knew all about it .
was it not necessary that his body , as well as his shroud , should be ready for the burial ?
the first thing Burchard did was to send to Renelde and to stop her wheel .
Renelde obeyed , and that evening Guilbert asked her :
it is the only way of gaining it .
but Renelde rose to the surface , and though she could not swim she struggled to land .
directly she got home she sat down and began to spin .
the moment their backs were turned the stone untied itself .
Renelde waded the ford , returned to the hut , and sat down to spin .
and still the spinner spun .
the bullet rebounded without harming the spinner , who still spun on .
Burchard fell into such a violent rage that it nearly killed him .
the next day the wheel was mended , and the spinner sat down to spin .
but the guards fell asleep , the bonds loosed themselves , and the spinner spun on .
Burchard had every nettle rooted up for three leagues round .
and every day Burchard grew worse , and watched his end approaching .
but the Count in his pride refused more than ever to give his consent to the marriage .
Renelde gave her promise , but in the evening Guilbert arrived at the cottage .
Renelde confessed that the Countess had prayed her not to let her husband die .
so they waited for one month , for two , for six , for a year .
the spinner spun no more .
the Count had ceased to persecute her , but he still refused his consent to the marriage .
Guilbert became impatient .
but the young man grew weary .
he came more rarely to Locquignol , and very soon he did not come at all .
one day she met the Count .
Burchard the Wolf turned away his head and passed on .
not long after she learnt that Guilbert had left the country .
so another year went by .
however , the Count grew worse and worse till he was given up by the doctors .
but Death was not so near as the doctors thought , and still he lingered .
in this extremity he remembered what he had told the little spinner long ago .
so Renelde forgave him , and went on spinning night and day .
and then they set off again and were gone .
and then he told her what had happened .
it was not long before he asked about Farmer Weatherbeard .
the man set out and got there at night .
when he arrived , this old woman also was standing drawing water out of the well with her nose .
it was not long before he began to ask about Farmer Weatherbeard .
so the man set off and he got there by nightfall .
it was not long before he asked about Farmer Weatherbeard .
then the old woman said that it was to guide the man to him .
the man did this ; when he had got the bits of bread he first plucked out one feather .
and now the Eagle told the man what he was to do next , and he did it .
he knocked at the stable door and it opened at once .
he threw down the three little bits of bread and a hare came out and ate them .
he caught the hare .
when the Eagle had flown a long way it alighted on a stone .
and thus it happened .
so each of them went his way .
and thus it happened .
on the third day all happened in the same way .
Farmer Weatherbeard went after him , and changed himself into a great pike .
but a Princess was standing at a window in the King 's palace watching the struggle .
but then all that the youth had foretold came to pass .
so the King sent a messenger to the Princess for the ring .
she , however , refused to part with it , because she had inherited it from her mother .
so the ring came off and was lost among the ashes .
so she stepped up quickly to the oven and took out all the loaves one after the other .
then she threw the spindle into the well , and jumped in herself after it .
like her sister she came to the beautiful meadow , and followed the same path .
when she reached the baker 's oven the bread called out as before :
but the good-for-nothing girl answered :
the man was not overpleased at this .
as soon as this baby was born it began to look about the room .
they christened each other and then went onwards .
Minnikin stole it .
the old hag gave him the sword , so she got her eye back .
Minnikin stole it before she was aware .
Minnikin promised this , and ran down to the sea-shore .
she thanked Minnikin , and everything was right again at once .
Minnikin once more begged the cook 's leave to go down to the sea-shore for a short time .
Minnikin , however , took home with him an armful of gold and silver hoops from the Troll 's ship .
the Princess wept and entreated him to stay , but all to no purpose .
then the Princess was delivered , and she thanked Minnikin and blessed him for saving her .
so saying he sprang into the water , and yellow bubbles rose up all around him .
he sank lower and lower , and at last he came to the bottom .
but I will try to find some way of doing it .
at last there was no one left but one wretched old hag who was lying behind the stove .
while Minnikin was now standing there looking about him , he cast his eye on a large chest .
and in a moment the ship went off so fast that the yellow foam rose up all round about it .
so he called a second time , and a little louder , but no ! still no one came .
he changed clothes with his brother , and went into the palace .
they were both good children , and loved each other with all their hearts .
but his sister , who was still at home , fared worse and worse .
it was not long before the mother wanted her own daughter to go to the stream to fetch some water .
then the second head appeared .
so down it went to the bottom , and the third head came up .
the youth promised to make all the haste he could , and set forth from the King 's palace .
when the brother arrived at home to fetch his sister , her stepmother and step-sister would go too .
these two things were all that she had inherited from her mother .
at last they came in sight of land .
so they sailed onwards a long way farther .
thus the true bride was freed .
the King and his bride drove to church , and Little Snow was in the carriage too .
they called her Snowdrop , and not long after her birth the Queen died .
after a year the King married again .
then she was quite happy , for she knew the mirror always spoke the truth .
one day when the latter asked her mirror the usual question , it replied :
then the Queen flew into the most awful passion , and turned every shade of green in her jealousy .
and his heart felt lighter because he hadn't had to do the deed himself .
side by side against the wall there were seven little beds , covered with snow-white counterpanes .
so she lay down upon it , said her prayers like a good child , and fell fast asleep .
when it got quite dark the masters of the little house returned .
they were seven dwarfs who worked in the mines , right down deep in the heart of the mountain .
the first said :
the second said :
the third said :
the fourth said :
the fifth said :
the sixth said :
the seventh said :
in the morning Snowdrop awoke , but when she saw the seven little Dwarfs she felt very frightened .
the Dwarfs , when they had heard her sad story , asked her :
in this guise she went over the seven hills till she came to the house of the seven Dwarfs .
there she knocked at the door , calling out at the same time :
when the Dwarfs heard what had happened , they said :
as soon as the wicked old Queen got home she went straight to her mirror , and said :
and the mirror answered as before :
Snowdrop looked out of the window and said :
when they had settled their bargain the old woman said :
fortunately it was now near evening , and the seven Dwarfs returned home .
when she heard these words she literally trembled and shook with rage .
but the apple was so cunningly made that only the red cheek was poisonous .
when she got home she asked the mirror :
and this time it replied :
they lifted her up , and looked round everywhere to see if they could find anything poisonous about .
she gradually opened her eyes , lifted up the lid of the coffin , and sat up alive and well .
Snowdrop consented , and went with him , and the marriage was celebrated with great pomp and splendour .
now Snowdrop 's wicked step-mother was one of the guests invited to the wedding feast .
and the mirror answered :
when the wicked woman heard these words she uttered a curse , and was beside herself with rage and mortification .
THERE was once a man who had three sons .
so they all three had to spend the night with the goose .
what do you mean by running after a young fellow through the fields like that ?
and with that he caught the youngest girl by the hand to try and draw her away .
but directly he touched her he hung on himself , and had to run along with the rest of them .
on seeing them the parson called out and begged them to come and rescue him and the clerk .
cold water doesn't suit me at all .
he required Dullhead to find a man who could eat a mountain of bread .
the King was standing outside on the steps , and asked where he was going .
when evening was drawing near , the youth wanted to go .
next day the second son said that he would now go out into the world to seek his fortune .
then the King promised him the same punishment and the same reward that he had promised his brother .
on the third day Cinderlad wanted to set out .
he had a fancy to try to watch the seven foals himself , he said .
the two others laughed at him , and mocked him .
there stood the King outside on the steps , and he asked whither he was bound .
when he had got safely past the cleft in the rock , the youngest foal said :
so the lad did this .
and thus they journeyed onwards a long , long way .
when they had gone thus for a long , long way , the Foal again asked :
Cinderlad promised to do this , and then they went on farther .
when they had travelled a long , long way , the Foal said :
so they went on a great distance farther .
so Cinderlad pulled out the consecrated bread and the flask of wine , and showed them to the King .
so he took his fiddle out , and fiddled till he woke the echoes round .
after a time a wolf came through the thicket and trotted up to the musician .
but the Wolf approached him and said :
after a time he said to himself again :
so he drew out his fiddle , and fiddled away lustily .
presently a fox slunk through the trees .
the Fox came straight up to him and said :
so he took out his fiddle and played as merrily as before .
this time a little hare came running up at the sound .
full of anger , he hurried after the Musician , determined when he met him to tear him to pieces .
the Wolf pulled the branches down , bit the cord in two , and set the Fox free .
so they went on their way together , both vowing vengeance on the Musician .
during this time the Musician had once more played his fiddle , and had been more fortunate in the result .
THE STORY OF SIGURD
then he died .
so Sigurd drove them , and only one swam across .
but it brought good luck to nobody .
when Sigurd heard the story he said to Regin :
so Sigurd said that sword would do .
then the Dragon lashed with his tail till stones broke and trees crashed about him .
Sigurd said :
but all men die , and no brave man lets death frighten him from his desire .
and after that Sigurd was called Fafnir 's Bane , and Dragonslayer .
so Sigurd put the heart of Fafnir on a stake , and roasted it .
then he put his finger in his mouth , and so tasted the heart of Fafnir .
the next bird said :
the third bird said :
the fourth bird said :
there he determined to go , but first he rode right down the horrible trail of Fafnir .
so Sigurd went within the castle door , and there he saw someone sleeping , clad all in armour .
for she was a warrior maid herself , and went armed into the battle like a man .
her name was Gudrun , and her mother was a witch .
then Gunnar tried Sigurd 's horse Grani , but he would not move with Gunnar on his back .
and the curse soon came upon all of them .
for her husband , she said , had ridden through the flame when no other man dared face it .
all that evening she never spoke .
for her heart was broken , and her pride was broken in the same hour .
Brynhild said :
Sigurd went out and Brynhild determined to slay him .
and the wind bore it blazing out to sea , flaming into the dark .
LITTLE ANNIE'S RAMBLE
let me listen too .
perhaps little Annie would like to go .
Little Annie shall take a ramble with me .
what a strange couple to go on their rambles together !
yet there is sympathy between us .
now we turn the corner .
now her eyes brighten with pleasure !
who heeds the poor organ-grinder ?
but where would Annie find a partner ?
is Annie a literary lady ?
that would be very queer .
this is the little girl 's true plaything .
Little Annie does not understand what I am saying , but looks wishfully at the proud lady in the window .
now we elbow our way among the throng again .
poor little fellow !
what a pity that he does not know how miserable he is !
see that gray squirrel at the door of the fruit-shop , whirling round and round so merrily within his wire wheel !
being condemned to the treadmill , he makes it an amusement .
here we see something to remind us of the town crier , and his ding-dong bell !
the lion and the lioness are busy with two beef-bones .
are there any two living creatures who have so few sympathies that they cannot possibly be friends ?
in fact , he is a bear of sentiment .
Annie does not love the monkeys .
did Annie ever read the Cries of London City ?
I guess the latter .
what saith the people 's orator ?
stop , stop , town crier !
but I have gone too far astray for the town crier to call me back .
has it been merely this ?
their influence on us is at least reciprocal with ours on them .
Lucy Maud Montgomery Short Stories , @number@
she achieved international fame in her lifetime , putting Prince Edward Island and Canada on the world literary map .
she published some @number@ short stories and poems and twenty novels before her death in @number@
the Project Gutenberg collection of her short stories was gathered from numerous sources and is presented in chronological publishing order :
as she did so she nodded to someone in the village street below .
she wasn't asked .
of course , I don't suppose she expected to be .
she knows she isn't in our set .
she must feel horribly out of place at school .
of course I don't suppose she would have enjoyed herself or even gone at all , for that matter .
she certainly doesn't push herself in among us .
there , Nannie dear , aren't those lovely ?
she 'll come , I know .
and she is such good company .
Florrie Hamilton herself could best have answered that question as she walked along the street in the fresh morning sunshine .
she did feel hurt much more keenly than she would acknowledge even to herself .
Florrie 's lip quivered as she thought of it .
Florrie was a newcomer in Winboro .
her father had recently come to take a position in the largest factory of the small town .
then she hurried upstairs to her room .
I 've always thought I would like those Wallace girls if I could get really acquainted with them .
that afternoon Mrs Wallace came into Nan 's room .
she said something about a note you sent her this morning .
when her mother had gone out she fell back on her pillows and thought rapidly .
oh , dear !
what shall I ever find to talk to her about ?
further reflections were cut short by Florrie 's entrance .
Nan held out her hand with a chummy smile .
somehow , Nan 's frank greeting did away with Florrie 's embarrassment and made her feel at home .
they are the same kind of roses as those which grow about Grandmother Hamilton 's house in England .
her husband was a sea-captain , and she always went on his sea-voyages with him .
so I went too .
we had delightful times .
I never went to school .
auntie had been a teacher before her marriage , and she taught me .
I love to hear about foreign countries from people who have really been there .
Florrie did talk .
and she came here .
she didn't seem like the same girl at all .
do you know , some of the girls were very much vexed because she wasn't asked to the picnic .
but Maude understood .
however , they did not have to wait until school opened .
long before that time Winboro girlhood discovered that the Wallace girls were taking Florrie Hamilton into their lives .
when Miss Braxton 's school reopened Florrie was the class favourite .
but that is something Florrie Hamilton will never know .
Selwyn saw little change in her .
and there was the little , thin , grey father in the corner , peering at his newspaper with nearsighted eyes .
Selwyn 's heart gave a bound at the sight of him which not even his mother had caused .
dear old Dad !
the years had been kind to him .
Mrs Grant held up a glistening spoon and surveyed it complacently .
I shall take over the whole two dozen teas and one dozen desserts .
I don't mean to take any more risks .
something made the mother look around , and she saw her first-born !
when the commotion was over Selwyn asked why the family spoons were being rubbed up .
Leo is to be married tonight .
didn't you get your invitation ?
she 's quite a respectable girl .
there , I 'm better now .
no , you needn't fan me , Sis .
well , no family can get through the world without its seasons of tribulations .
Leo roared .
girls are apt to stretch out some between ten and twenty , you know .
I 'll admit , since I come to think of it , that Alice has probably grown bigger .
in the library father and son looked at each other affectionately .
I 'm a little dizzy with all these changes .
Bertha grown up and Leo within an inch of being married !
you 've always hated fusses .
but Mr Grant shook his head .
it 's a nuisance , but I must go through with it .
you 'll understand how it is when you 're a family man yourself .
Mr Grant shook his bushy grey head .
perhaps you 'll choose a Madam Selwyn some day yet .
in case you should I 'm going to give you a small bit of good advice .
she 's been a good wife and a good mother .
a woman with a family nose came into the library at this juncture and beamed maternally upon them both .
after you 've eaten it you must dress .
Mind you brush your hair well down , Father .
the green room is ready for you , Selwyn .
how are we all going to get over to Wish-ton-wish ?
Leo and Bertha are going in the pony carriage .
it won't hold a third passenger .
he had his own reasons for remembering the wood path .
when he started , the moon was rising round and red and hazy in an eastern hill-gap .
the autumn air was mild and spicy .
Long shadows stretched across the fields on his right and silvery mosaics patterned the floor of the old beechwood lane .
Selwyn walked slowly .
it was probable , and he did not want to see her .
the Grahams had come to Wish-ton-wish eleven years before .
that had been all .
he narrowly missed being late for the wedding ceremony .
the bridal party entered the parlour at Wish-ton-wish at the same moment as he slipped in by another door .
could that be the scrawny little tomboy of ten years ago ?
where was Esme ?
Selwyn cast his eyes furtively over the assembled guests while the minister read the marriage ceremony .
is it really you ?
I did not know you were here .
I 'm dizzy , Esme .
it seems ridiculous to think that Leo and Alice are married .
you are more beautiful than ever , Esme .
these young brothers and sisters who won't stay children are nuisances .
do you want to come for a walk with me down under the beeches to the old lane gate ?
Selwyn felt like a man in a dream , a pleasant dream from which he dreads to awaken .
sometimes I don't know my own world , it has changed so .
it 's an uncomfortable feeling .
you give me a pleasant sensation of really belonging here .
I 'd be lonesome tonight if I dared .
I 'm going to miss Alice so much .
Selwyn felt his head whirling again .
Esme turned her head and looked at him wonderingly .
he is here , of course , he and his wife .
didn't you see her ?
why , you used to know Lil , didn't you ?
all the surprises of that surprising evening were as nothing to this .
is it any wonder ?
you were engaged to Tom when I went away , Jenny told me you were .
and a year later Bertha wrote me a letter in which she made some reference to Tom 's marriage .
the word was partly a sigh and partly a little cry of long-concealed , long-denied pain .
we broke our engagement shortly before you went away .
all the older girls knew it was broken but I suppose nobody mentioned the matter to Jen .
she was such a child , we never thought about her .
look here , Esme , I 'm not going to risk any more misunderstanding .
there 's nothing for it but plain talk when matters get to such a state as this .
I love you and I 've loved you ever since I met you .
I went away because I could not stay here and see you married to another man .
I 've stayed away for the same reason .
Esme , is it too late ?
she hid her face against his shoulder .
Esme broke away and stared at him .
we 've wasted ten years and we 're not going to waste another minute .
it 's the very simplest thing when you look at it in an unprejudiced way .
I have a plain gold ring on my little finger that will fit you .
aren't all the conditions fulfilled ?
come with me , Esme .
half an hour later an astonishing whisper went circulating among the guests .
the Newburys were agog with excitement over the Governor 's picnic .
each of the Newburys had a special reason for wishing to attend the Governor 's picnic .
Ralph and Elliott wanted to see the Governor himself .
he was a pet hero of theirs .
hence to the Newbury boys the interest of the picnic centred in the Governor .
he is bald and fat .
but I want to go to the picnic to see Sara Beaumont .
I suppose it would be too much to expect to be introduced to her .
Ralph resented hearing the Governor called bald and fat .
somehow it seemed as if his hero were being reduced to the level of common clay .
if I could ever hope to write anything like them !
it 's been the dream of my life just to see her ever since I read The Story of Idlewild .
but I 'm going to the picnic more for the sake of seeing Nan Harris than anything else .
I 'm just looking forward to meeting her and talking over all our dear , good old times .
I do wonder if she has changed much .
Nan 's family had once lived across the street from the Newburys .
Cecilia had never seen Nan since .
but now the latter had come east for a visit , and was with her relatives in Campden .
she was to be at the picnic , and Cecilia 's cup of delight brimmed over .
Mrs Newbury came briskly into the middle of their sunset plans .
she had been down to the post office , and she carried an open letter in her hand .
Mrs Newbury laughed .
this is a letter from Grandmother Newbury .
there was silence on the verandah of the Newburys for the space of ten seconds .
grandmother Newbury would be very much hurt and displeased if her invitation were disregarded you know that .
but in spite of herself she looked at Cecilia .
Cecilia was apt to be looked at , someway , when things were to be given up .
the family had come to expect it of her ; they all said that Cecilia was very unselfish .
Cecilia knew that her mother looked at her , but did not turn her face .
the sun had quite set , and it was growing dark when Frances came back to the steps .
Frances kicked her slippered toe against the fern jardinire .
she knew quite well that she would not .
Nan would return to Campden on the special train , and she was going back west in three days .
it was hard to give the picnic up , but Cecilia was used to giving things up .
it never seemed to matter so much about quiet Cecilia .
Cecilia cried herself to sleep that night .
she awoke in the morning with a confused idea that it was very late .
why hadn't Mary called her , as she had been told to do ?
then she saw a little note , addressed to her , pinned on the pillow .
I didn't tell you this last night because I hadn't quite made up my mind .
but after you went upstairs , I fought it out to a finish and came to a decision .
I told Mary to call me instead of you this morning , and now I 'm off .
you needn't spoil your fun pitying me .
if by running after Frances Cecilia could have brought her back , Cecilia would have run .
but a glance at her watch told her that Frances must already be halfway to Ashland .
so she could only accept the situation .
I must remember to take notice of the colour of her eyes .
grandmother Newbury came to the door to meet her granddaughter .
she was a tall , handsome old lady with piercing black eyes and thick white hair .
Frances flushed a little .
there was a meaning tone in Grandmother Newbury 's voice .
grandmother Newbury smiled .
she understood .
she was pleased to see that Frances had conquered it this time .
and I want a clever girl and a good talker to help me entertain a guest today .
she 's clever herself , and she likes young girls .
here Grandmother Newbury led Frances into the sitting-room .
Mrs Kennedy was a much younger woman than Grandmother Newbury .
she thought she had never seen so charming a face .
she found herself enjoying the day immensely .
in fact , she forgot the Governor 's picnic and Sara Beaumont altogether .
Mrs Kennedy proved to be a delightful companion .
she had travelled extensively and was an excellent raconteur .
Frances listened and laughed and enjoyed .
surely talking to a woman like Mrs Kennedy was better than looking at Sara Beaumont from a distance .
in the afternoon , Grandmother Newbury packed Mrs Kennedy and Frances off for a walk .
it was a spot Frances had always loved .
she found herself talking freely to Mrs Kennedy of her hopes and plans .
there will be a great deal of both and many disappointments .
the manuscripts came back , and Sara made more jelly and wrote more stories .
still they came back .
once she thought she had better give up writing stories and stick to the jelly alone .
and you see she did succeed .
but it means perseverance and patience and much hard work .
prepare yourself for that , Frances , and one day you will win your place .
it has robbed me of all the self-sacrificing complacency I felt this morning .
grandmother Newbury 's eyes twinkled .
Sara Beaumont was not there .
Mrs Kennedy , I see you haven't told our secret .
the Newburys were sitting on the verandah at dusk , too tired and too happy to talk .
but there was one little cloud on her content .
Frances came smiling over the lawn and up the steps .
the Ingelows , of Ingelow Grange , were not a marrying family .
Elizabeth and her husband had gone west and settled on a prairie farm in Manitoba .
she had never been home since .
still , ever since her marriage , Elizabeth had been practically an outsider and an alien .
Ellen and George were standing on the steps outside .
Ellen and Charlotte looked at each other .
she said she could not leave the farm .
in the end , Charlotte wrote to Elizabeth and asked her to let her daughter visit the old homestead .
indeed , she felt that a feminine edition of James Sheldon would be more than she could endure .
she will seem like a stranger after all .
but Worth Sheldon did come .
the Ingelows at the Grange were thrown into a flutter when the letter came .
in another week Elizabeth 's child would be with them .
it is pleasant to be expecting a guest , isn't it , Ellen ?
I have often thought , although I have never said so before , that our lives were too self-centred .
we seemed to have no interests outside of ourselves .
Even Elizabeth has been really nothing to us , you know .
she seemed to have become a stranger .
when Worth Sheldon came , each of her aunts drew a long breath of relief .
she was the sweetest woman that ever drew breath .
Paul 's antagonistic attitude was the only drawback to the joy of this meeting .
worth came to hearts prepared to love her , but they must have loved her in any case .
in a day Aunt Charlotte and Aunt Ellen and shy , quiet Uncle George had yielded wholly to her charm .
Charlotte and Ellen looked at each other .
Ellen nodded slyly .
it would be better to tell Worth the whole truth at once .
she would certainly find it out soon .
Aunt Charlotte understood that Elizabeth had never told Worth anything about her family 's resentment of her marriage .
perhaps you don't know that when your mother married we we did not exactly approve of her marriage .
but that is how it was .
your mother was his favourite sister , and he was very deeply attached to her .
when he bought the Greenwood farm she went and kept house for him for three years before her marriage .
when she married , Paul was terribly angry .
he was always a strange man , very determined and unyielding .
worth had listened gravely .
aunt Ellen got her breath first .
perhaps he will come after all we will see .
worth shook her head and the smile in her eyes deepened .
no , the mountain will not come to Mohammed , so Mohammed will go to the mountain .
I think I will walk down to Greenwood this afternoon .
there , dear aunties , don't look so troubled .
aunt Charlotte shook her head .
worth met her Uncle Paul at the garden gate .
handsome and stubborn enough Paul Ingelow looked .
it was not without reason that his neighbours called him the oddest Ingelow of them all .
behind him was a fine old farmhouse in beautiful grounds .
worth felt almost as much interested in Greenwood as in the Grange .
Paul Ingelow did not move or speak , although he probably guessed who his visitor was .
worth held out her hand .
Paul ignored the outstretched hand .
worth folded her hands on the gatepost and met his frowning gaze unshrinkingly .
they go on existing .
I never knew until this morning that you were at enmity with my mother .
she never told me .
but she has talked a great deal of you to me .
worth lifted her hand slightly .
there was even a certain reluctant approval of this composed , independent niece in his eyes .
for a moment Uncle Paul looked at her .
she met his gaze frankly and firmly , with a merry smile lurking in her eyes .
he put his hand over the gate and shook hers .
then he opened the gate and invited her into the house .
worth stayed to tea , and Uncle Paul showed her all over Greenwood .
but you are not to talk to me about your mother .
the Grange Ingelows were amazed to see Paul bringing Worth home in his buggy that evening .
as the days and weeks went by Worth grew dearer and dearer to the Grange folk .
meanwhile , the odd friendship between her and Uncle Paul deepened and grew .
they read and drove and walked together .
worth spent half her time at Greenwood .
once Uncle Paul said to her , as if speaking half to himself ,
up went Worth 's head .
worth 's grey eyes flashed .
one day in September they were together in the garden at Greenwood .
I want you , Worth .
but I mean it , Worth .
stay with me .
I suppose you have other claims to adjust .
she knew that she wanted to accept this unexpected offer of Uncle Paul 's .
but it had been a hard life for the girl , narrow and poverty-bounded .
she longed to put forth her hand and take this other life which opened so temptingly before her .
she must decide for herself .
next day Worth went down to Greenwood .
I hope you will not be angry with me for not accepting your offer .
you have never let me speak of her , but I must tell you this .
uncle Paul did not say one word .
he turned his back on Worth and walked the full length of the box alley twice .
worth watched him wistfully .
was he very angry ?
would he forgive her ?
that was all , but Worth understood that her decision was not to cause any estrangement between them .
a month later Worth 's last day at the Grange came .
she was to leave for the West the next morning .
worth went to meet him with outstretched hands .
I will not say it .
worth shook her brown head sadly .
you know yourself what the Ingelow determination is .
it 's a good thing in a good cause but a bad thing in a bad one .
but I have conquered it , or you have conquered it for me .
child , here is a letter .
in it I have asked her to forgive me , and to forget our long estrangement .
I have asked her to come back to me with you and her boys .
he smiled at her and put his arm over her shoulder .
together they walked up the golden arcade to tell the others .
Freda 's Adopted Grave
North Point , where Freda lived , was the bleakest settlement in the world .
even its inhabitants , who loved it , had to admit that .
only the sturdy firs and spruces could hold their own against it .
so there were no orchards or groves or flower gardens in North Point .
the North Point folk loved flowers .
they could not have them about their homes , so they had them in their graveyard .
it was not an unpleasant duty , even to those whose sorrow was fresh .
I 've got the loveliest big white rosebush to plant by Grandma Hutchinson 's grave .
every little girl had some boast to make , that is , every little girl but Freda .
she had no part or lot in Graveyard Day .
Freda shook her head mutely .
Freda felt that her cup of wretchedness was full .
it seemed to her that she could not bear it any longer .
Freda was ten years old .
four years ago Mrs Wilson had taken her from the orphan asylum in town .
they pitied any child she took , they said .
it would be worked to death and treated like a slave .
Freda did not go to the graveyard the next day , although it was a holiday .
some perennials were already in bud .
Freda came across it with a feeling of surprise .
it was away down in the lower corner where there were no plots .
it was shut off from the others by a growth of young poplars and was sunken and overgrown with blueberry shrubs .
there was no headstone , and it looked dismally neglected .
she had no grave , and this grave had nobody to tend it or care for it .
do you expect me to work my fingers to the bone making clothes for you ?
I wish I 'd left you in the asylum .
he hasn't any relations here .
when Freda went to bed that night her mind was made up .
she would adopt Jordan Slade 's grave .
thereafter , Freda spent her few precious spare-time moments in the graveyard .
she brought ferns from the woods to plant about it .
the lady gave a little start when she saw Freda with her can of water .
he was weak and too easily influenced .
I loved him with all my heart .
I expected to find it neglected .
I cannot tell you how pleased and touched I am to find it kept so beautifully .
I will help you , too .
that summer was a wonderful one for Freda .
she had found a firm friend in Mrs Halliday .
the latter was a wealthy woman .
her husband had died a short time previously and she had no children .
Mrs Wilson consented grudgingly to give Freda up , although she grumbled a great deal about ingratitude .
before they went they paid a farewell visit to their grave .
Freda slipped her hand into Mrs Halliday 's and smiled up at her .
uncle doesn't need me today .
wait till I whistle for Don .
Curtis whistled accordingly , but Don , his handsome Newfoundland dog , did not appear .
after calling and whistling about the yard and barns for several minutes , Curtis turned away disappointedly .
it is very strange .
Ventnor 's dog is beginning to have a bad reputation , you know .
anyhow , I don't want him to run with Ventnor 's dog .
I 'll chain him up in the barn when I go home .
I couldn't stand it if anything happened to Don .
Will agreed .
he was almost as fond of Don as Curtis was .
but he did not feel so sure that the dog would not worry a sheep .
will knew that Don was suspected already , but he did not like to tell Curtis so .
but Tuesday night old Paul Stockton had six fine sheep killed in his upland pasture behind the fir woods .
Curtis looked grave .
she was due three days ago and there 's no sign of her yet .
and there have been two bad gales since she left Morro .
Oscar Stockton is on board of her , you know , and his father is worried about him .
Curtis 's heart sank as he recognized old Paul Stockton .
what could have brought him over ?
as Curtis crossed the yard , Don came bounding down the slope from the house to meet him .
he put his hand on the dog 's big head and the two of them walked slowly to the barn .
then he checked himself and went on more calmly .
and old Paul held out triumphantly a faded red ribbon .
Curtis recognized it at a glance .
it was the ribbon his little cousin , Lena , had tied around Don 's neck Tuesday afternoon .
Mr Locksley shook his head .
as old Paul strode away , Curtis looked beseechingly at his uncle .
the Bayside people said that Arnold Locksley had always been very severe with his nephew .
the dog is a nuisance and must be shot .
you can get another dog if you must have one .
I 'll get Charles Pippey to come and shoot Don tomorrow .
tie the dog up for the night and then go and put the calves in .
there is a storm coming .
his uncle walked away , leaving the boy white and miserable in the yard .
he did not look like a guilty dog .
could it be possible that he had really worried those sheep ?
the boy felt sullen , rebellious and wretched .
he lay there until dark , thinking his own bitter thoughts and listening to the rapidly increasing gale .
the wind was blowing more furiously than ever .
up over the fields came the roar and crash of the surges on the outside shore .
the Harbour to the east of Bayside was rough and stormy .
as the two boys ran through the yard , Curtis heard Don howling .
Sam had already been down to the shore and had gone back to tell his father .
there can't be no boat launched for hours yet they 'll all be drowned .
by this time they had reached the shore , which was black with excited people .
out on Gleeson 's Reef the ill-fated little schooner was visible amid the flying spray .
a grizzled old Harbour fisherman , to whom Sam shouted a question , shook his head .
the schooner 'll go to pieces mighty soon , I 'm feared .
Curtis and Will elbowed their way down to the water 's edge .
he ran up and down the beach , crying and praying .
his only son was on the Amy Reade , and he could do nothing to save him !
but it isn't any use .
the dog bounded back along the shore with a quick bark .
Don , with another bark of comprehension , dashed into the sea .
the onlookers , grasping the situation , gave a cheer and then relapsed into silence .
Curtis himself felt the stinging tears start to his eyes .
when Don reached the shore he dropped the stick at Curtis 's feet and gave himself a tremendous shake .
old Paul Stockton was among them .
meanwhile some of the men had already pulled a big hawser ashore and made it fast .
before they were hurried away to warmth and shelter , old Paul Stockton caught Curtis 's hand .
the tears were running freely down his hard , old face .
and if he did I don't care !
Curtis walked home with a glad heart .
Mr Locksley heard old Paul 's message with a smile .
he , too , had been touched by Don 's splendid feat .
you can see that for yourself .
after all , he might have worried the sheep .
Curtis acknowledged the justice of this and poor Don was tied up again .
his captivity was not long , however , for Ventnor 's dog was soon shot .
but no more sheep were worried , and Don 's innocence was triumphantly established .
as for old Paul Stockton , it seemed as if he could not do enough for Curtis and Don .
In regard to Don , old Paul would say :
he just talks with his eyes , that dog does .
yes , sir !
Miss Madeline 's Proposal
Miss Madeline , sitting in the low rocker by the parlour window , seemed like the presiding genius of the place .
Miss Madeline loved her pretty niece very dearly and patted the curly head tenderly with her slender white hands .
Miss Madeline 's tone was one of surprise and awe .
his name is Ralph Wylde .
isn't it pretty ?
I met him last winter , and we became very good friends .
I wrote back and I had this letter from him today .
he is coming down tomorrow .
Lina laughed roguishly .
sometimes it was horrid and sometimes it was funny .
it all depended on the man .
you must know how it is yourself , Auntie .
Lina opened her big brown eyes in amazement .
and I had many gentlemen friends .
but nobody ever wanted to marry me .
but then , he would have forgotten and I would have remembered .
that evening a letter was left at the front door of the old Churchill place .
it was addressed in a scholarly hand to Miss Madeline Churchill , and Amelia Kent took it in .
her cheeks were very pink and her eyes very bright .
she did not even pick up Thomas  Kempis but went to the door and called Lina .
Miss Madeline held out her letter with a trembling hand .
I feel terribly upset .
I want you to read it !
but this was a little fib on Lina 's part .
the Rev Cecil Thorne was Miss Madeline 's pastor .
she wished she had a little of Lina 's experience .
Miss Madeline sighed .
it is very unpleasant .
but of course I must refuse him .
what a beautiful letter he writes too .
Miss Madeline picked up Thomas  Kempis , smoothed him out repentantly , and placed the letter between his leaves .
Mr Thorne sat down by the window that looked out on the lawn .
the next minute Lina appeared , strolling down the secluded path that curved about the birches .
a young man was walking beside her with his arm around her .
they crossed the green square before the house and disappeared in the rose garden .
Mr Thorne leaned back in his chair and put his hand over his eyes .
he felt that he had received his answer , and it was a very bitter moment for him .
Miss Madeline sat down opposite to him .
at that moment she was devoutly thankful that she had never had any other proposal to refuse .
it was a dreadful ordeal .
if he would only help her out !
but he did not speak and every moment of silence made it worse .
Mr Thorne turned towards her .
in her agitation Miss Madeline did not notice the surprise in his face and tone .
and I am very sorry because because I cannot return your affection .
Mr Thorne put his hand over his eyes again .
well , it did not matter the appearance of the young man in the garden had settled that .
no , it would only humiliate her and it made no difference , since she had refused him .
she was afraid he might ask it after all .
he bowed sadly and went out .
he looked heart-broken .
and Lina had refused twelve men !
how could she have lived through it ?
it is a very unpleasant experience .
Miss Sally 's Company
yet she , too , felt a keen pleasure in the beauty of the scene before them .
I wonder who lives in it .
and we 've wheeled ten miles this afternoon .
and this walk is swept every day .
no , we shall never dare to ask for anything to eat here .
she was very small , with an eager , delicately featured face and dark eyes twinkling behind gold-rimmed glasses .
she seemed fairly to droop under her disappointment .
as for the rest , the name of Martin Seymour evidently conveyed no especial meaning to her ears .
I just long for company I and Juliana and I thought I was going to have it today .
she talked in a sweet , chirpy voice like a bird 's .
there were pathetic notes in it , too , as the girls instinctively felt .
Mary found herself feeling indignant at Cousin Abner 's girls , whoever they were , for their neglect .
I love doing things for people , I wish more of them would come to give me the chance .
I never have any company , and I do so long for it .
it 's very lonesome here at Golden Gate .
oh , if you would only stay to tea with me , it would make me so happy .
I am all prepared .
and when nobody comes , Juliana and I have to eat everything up ourselves .
I want company so much .
I 'm Miss Sally Temple , and this is Golden Gate Cottage .
dear me , this is something like living .
she will be so glad , Juliana will .
Miss Sally and this quaint old spot both seem like a chapter out of the novels our grandmothers cried over .
look here , Mary , she is lonely and our visit seems like a treat to her .
let us try to make it one .
let's just chum with her and tell her all about ourselves and our amusements and our dresses .
that sounds frivolous , but you know what I mean .
she 'll like it .
afterwards , the girls overheard a subdued colloquy between Miss Sally and Juliana out in the hall .
the Seymour girls long remembered that tea table and the delicacies with which it was heaped .
she told them all about herself .
it is a pretty place , isn't it ?
you see those two headlands out there ?
I love it here .
it is so nice to have a home of my own .
I would be quite content if I had more company .
but I have you today , and perhaps Beatrice and Helen will come next week .
he is very well-to-do , I am told , and he carries on business in town .
he was a very fine young man , my Cousin Abner .
Mary and Ida exchanged glances .
Beatrice and Helen Reed !
the Seymour girls enjoyed that visit as much as Miss Sally did .
she was eager to hear all about their girlish lives and amusements .
Mary took the little lady 's hands in hers and looked affectionately down into her face .
the girls kept their word .
sometimes they came alone ; sometimes they brought other girls .
everybody who met her loved her at sight .
it was considered a special treat to be taken by the Seymours to Golden Gate .
as for Miss Sally , her cup of happiness was almost full .
there was just one little cloud on Miss Sally 's fair sky .
the Reed girls were there .
they brightened and bridled , however , when Mrs Gardiner brought Mary Seymour up and introduced her .
the Reed girls flushed .
Golden Gate is such an idyllic little spot , too .
we hope to have her visit us in town this winter .
I 'll tell Miss Sally I 've met you .
when Mary had gone , the Reed girls looked at each other .
they were very nice to her , too .
this took time , of course .
but in the end it was pretty well taken out of them .
Miss Sally never dreamed of this or the need for it .
you 've made Golden Gate a veritable Mecca for us all .
sit up to the fire , Theodosia .
lawful heart , but this is comfort .
Mrs Stapp took this trio of interrogations in calm detail .
Emily can't do no more with them than an old hen with a brood of ducks .
the news Peter had for me about you when I got home fairly took my breath .
he came down to the garden gate to shout it before I was out of the wagon .
I couldn't believe but what he was joking at first .
you should have seen Peter .
that was his salute when I got home .
it 's that long since he ran away from home .
he went to sea , and we heard that he had sailed for England in the Helen Ray .
but I mourned for poor Charles forty years ago , and I can't sense that he has only just died .
the Carroll house is just what I want , for all it is a little old-fashioned .
nobody has lived in it for six years .
a change came over her sonsy , smiling face .
it actually looked hard and revengeful , and a cruel light flickered in her dark brown eyes .
she is the only person in this world I ever hated .
when we grew up it was worse .
I couldn't begin to tell you all the times that girl insulted me .
do you remember him , Dosia ?
but he never looked at her that night , and he kept by me the whole time .
that stings me yet .
I guess Lou Carroll is my wicked streak .
I haven't seen or heard of her for years ever since she married that worthless Dency Baxter and went away .
she may be dead for all I know .
I don't expect ever to have a chance to pay her out .
Theodosia Stapp , who had dropped in to see it , was in a rapture of admiration .
you remember the last day I was to see you we were talking of Lou Carroll ?
you know Mrs Joel Sarah Chapple that was ?
she and her man keep a little hotel up at Oriental .
well , Mrs Joel and I had a chat .
Sarah was always of a grumbling turn , and she had a brand-new stock of them this time .
I guess she is a sight of trouble , and Mrs Joel ain't the woman to like that .
I guess you 've got your revenge , Anna , without lifting a finger to get it .
the next day was cold and raw .
the ragged , bare trees in the old Carroll grounds shook and writhed in the gusts of wind .
presently she thought she heard a low knock at the front door , and went to see .
a fit of coughing interrupted her words , and she trembled like a leaf .
for pity 's sake , come in , quick .
she fairly pulled her visitor into the hall , and led her to the sitting-room .
take this big easy-chair right up to the fire so .
let me take your bonnet and shawl .
she was a Mrs Bennett , and she had a daughter , Anna .
I forget .
she wrapped her own warm shawl about the other woman 's thin shoulders .
then she hastened to the kitchen and soon returned , carrying a tray of food and a steaming hot drink .
it is a dreadful day for you to be out .
Sarah wouldn't have let me come if she had known .
but I wanted to come so much .
she did not realize that this was no longer her home .
at moments she seemed to fancy herself back in the past again .
presently a sharp knock was heard at the hall door .
we 're looking for Mrs Baxter .
she has run away , and we thought perhaps she came here .
she slipped away this morning when I was busy in the kitchen .
she might as well think so if it is of any comfort to her .
Mrs Joel Kent was voluble in her thanks .
it was evident that she was delighted to get the sick woman off her hands .
but I guess my wicked streak ran out just when I needed it to depend on .
the old Lou Carroll is dead already , and my spite is dead with her .
Lou Baxter had fallen asleep with her head pillowed on the soft plush back of her chair .
Nan was polishing the tumblers at the pantry window , outside of which John Osborne was leaning among the vines .
old Abe did not approve of John Osborne as a suitor for Nan .
he had a good deal of confidence in Nan , she was a sensible , level-headed girl .
she was his own daughter in that .
however , old Abe need not have worried himself .
Nan was very pretty .
moreover , Nan was well aware of the fact .
John Osborne knew all this too , to his cost .
he had called to ask Nan to go with him to the Lone Lake picnic the next day .
there was no need of Nan 's making such a mystery about it .
John was silent ; he was no match for Nan when it came to a war of words .
he scowled moodily at the shining tumblers .
John 's curtness displeased her .
he says he can't wait any longer .
Nan sat blankly down on the stool by the window .
her face was a study which John Osborne , watching old Abe 's movements , missed .
I 've even got behind with the interest this past year .
John looked around in time to see two very red spots on her cheeks .
you 've never had half a chance .
Nan hesitated .
I 've got some pride left .
I won't beg him for mercy .
Nan 's eyes flashed .
she was offended to find her sympathy flung back in her face .
Osborne turned away .
as he did so he saw Bryan Lee driving up the lane .
perhaps Nan saw it too .
at any rate , she leaned out of the window .
Osborne half turned .
his face hardened .
he acknowledged his rival 's condescending nod with a scowl .
Lee looked after him with a satisfied smile .
I 've spoiled his chances in this quarter .
he stopped for a chat with old Abe .
old Abe approved of Bryan Lee .
he was a son-in-law after old Abe 's heart .
Bryan had not come to ask her to go to the picnic business prevented him from going .
but he meant to find out if she were going with John Osborne .
Nan didn't know that it was a question of public interest at all .
Nan tossed her head .
what do you mean by encouraging him so ?
he 's as poor as Job 's turkey .
he said of course you were within your rights .
it 's all because of his care for his aunt .
he has had to spend more on her doctor 's bills than would have raised the mortgage .
Nan opened her lips to say something but , remembering Osborne 's parting injunction , she shut them again .
she shot a scornful glance at Lee as he stood with his arms folded on the sill beside her .
Bryan lingered , talking small talk , until Nan announced that she must see about getting tea .
Bryan felt relieved .
he had never been to see Nan since that last afternoon , but Bryan Lee haunted the Stewart place .
old Abe marched straightway home to Nan in a fury and demanded if this were true .
Nan curtly admitted that it was .
I might even have married him , because I liked him very well and it would have pleased you .
at any rate , I wouldn't have married John when you were against him .
he would cool down , she knew .
John Osborne worried her more .
she was not old Abe Stewart 's daughter for nothing .
one day Ned Bennett dropped in and said that John Osborne would start for the west in three days .
Nan started in well-assumed surprise and then asked him why he had not been to see her .
it 'll be hard work , but I 'm not afraid of that .
they walked on in silence .
Nan came to the conclusion that Osborne meant to hold his peace .
Nan grew nervous .
proposing to a man was really very dreadful .
John Osborne stopped squarely in the dusty road and looked at her .
Natty of Blue Point
Natty Miller strolled down to the wharf where Bliss Ford was tying up the Cockawee .
it 's no use trying to sail her .
lobstermen ain't going to risk their lives in a boat like that .
Natty never wasted words .
Natty shook his head .
er rather his father was .
Cooper shrugged his shoulders .
Barr owes him something for years of hard work at elections .
I ain't saying anything against Elliott , either .
yes , I am going .
Natty shook his head .
Pity he 's such a puny youngster .
in a few minutes he was skimming gaily down the bay .
the wind was fair and piping and the Merry Maid went like a bird .
Natty , at the rudder , steered for Blue Point Island , a reflective frown on his face .
he was feeling in no mood for Victoria Day sports .
to Natty it seemed as if the end of all things would come then .
where would life be worth living away from lonely , windy Blue Point Island ?
but womanly little Prue had taken her place well , and the boys were devoted to their sister .
the matter was not yet publicly decided , but old Cooper Creasy had sized the situation up accurately .
the Millers had no real hope that Everett would be appointed .
a choppy northeast wind blew up the bay , and the water was rough enough .
the sky was overcast with clouds , and the May air was raw and chilly .
he was going alone .
Prue had small heart for Victoria Day that year .
Prue felt as badly about leaving Blue Point Island as the boys did .
the day passed slowly .
at sunset they lighted the great lamps and then settled down to an evening of reading .
they hurried to the door , which looked out on the harbour .
Natty shook his head .
Ev had no intention of coming back tonight .
get that lantern , Prue .
maybe somebody is drowning out there .
they hurried down to the shore and Natty sprang into the little skiff he used for rowing .
they seemed to come from the direction of Little Bear , and thither Natty rowed .
it was a tough pull , and the water was rough enough for the little dory .
the cries were becoming very faint .
he bent to the oars with all his energy .
presently , by the smoother water , he knew he must be in the lea of Little Bear .
the cries sounded nearer .
he must already have rowed nearly a mile .
the next minute the man lay in the dory , dragged over the stern by Netty 's grip on his collar .
this gentleman is my friend , Mr Blackmore .
we have been celebrating Victoria Day by a shooting tramp over Little Bear .
I don't know much about running a boat , but Blackmore here thinks he does .
we were at the other side of the island when the fog came up .
we hurried across it , but it was almost dark when we reached our boat .
Ford was a rascal to let her to you .
he might have known what would happen .
you 're a plucky youngster and a skilful one , too .
Natty carried the news to the mainland , where it was joyfully received among the fishermen .
it keyed Will Scott up to rival Adam .
he hated to have his exploit talked about .
and Natty 's cup of happiness was full .
Penelope 's Party Waist
Penelope saw the poverty pucker and immediately repented with all her impetuous heart having grumbled .
she wanted Penelope to go to that party .
Penelope has studied so hard all winter and she hasn't gone anywhere , thought the older sister wistfully .
but Doris did not see how it could .
hurry up and find out .
she cut the strings and removed the wrappings .
both girls stared .
Doris unfolded the odd present with a queer feeling of disappointment .
she laughed a little shakily .
my Dear Doris :
I have decided to give up housekeeping and go out West to live with Robert .
I am sending you by express your Grandmother Hunter 's silk quilt .
it took your grandmother five years to make it .
there is a bit of the wedding dress of every member of the family in it .
your affectionate aunt , Adella Hunter .
it is a monument of patience , though .
it would give me the nightmare .
the lining was certainly very pretty .
it was a soft , creamy yellow silk , with a design of brocaded pink rosebuds all over it .
when it became old-fashioned , Grandmother used it to line her quilt .
besides , I see the poverty pucker coming .
put the quilt in the spare room .
in the three following evenings Doris made the waist .
so Penelope went to Blanche 's party and her dress was the admiration of every girl there .
Mrs Fairweather , who was visiting Mrs Anderson , looked closely at it also .
Penelope thought her altogether charming .
I 'd just love to have a grandmother like her .
Poor Penelope 's pretty young face turned crimson .
when I saw your dress , I felt sure you were related to her .
I should recognize that rosebud silk if I came across it in Thibet .
Penelope Saverne was the daughter of my mother by her first husband .
Penelope was four years older than I was , but we were devoted to each other .
I have mine yet .
Penelope went to live with her aunt and I went West with Father .
after a few years I lost touch with my half-sister .
my dear , I am a very lonely old woman , with nobody belonging to me .
Penelope had listened silently , like a girl in a dream .
now she patted Mrs Fairweather 's soft old hand affectionately .
she is such a darling sister .
I wouldn't have had this waist if it hadn't been for her .
I will tell you the whole truth I don't mind it now .
Doris and Penelope found their lives and plans changed in the twinkling of an eye .
when Mrs Fairweather had gone , Doris and Penelope looked at each other .
Doris nodded radiantly .
the Girl and The Wild Race
now , there was no valid reason why Judith ought to get married unless she wanted to .
it just drags us down to the level of the McGregors .
Judith took all her aunt 's lamentations good-naturedly .
I told her she needn't be .
of all Judith 's admirers Eben King alone found favor in Mrs Theodora 's eyes .
she ordered Judith not to encourage him and Judith obeyed .
the afternoon that Mrs Tony Mack came in Mrs Theodora felt more aggrieved than ever .
Mrs Theodora had been nagging Judith ever since .
this was not said behind Judith 's back .
the fields were bare and smoking , although the lanes and shadowy places were full of moist snow .
at her aunt 's words the glow went out of her face .
she listened with her eyes brooding on the hollow and a glowing flame of temper smouldering in them .
Judith 's long patience was giving way .
she had been flicked on the raw too often of late .
you must feel real thankful to have all your girls married off especially when none of them was extry good-looking .
some people have all the luck .
I 'm tired of talking to Judith .
folks 'll be saying soon that nobody ever really wanted her , for all her flirting .
Judith whirled about on the sun warm door step and came in .
her black eyes were flashing and her round cheeks were crimson .
Mrs Theodora 's mental processes were never slow .
she dropped her knitting ball and stooped for it .
in that time she had decided what to do .
the color went out of Judith 's face , leaving it pale as ashes .
Judith sat down in her little rocker and dropped her pointed chin in her hands .
she had not seen Bruce since before Christmas .
Judith looked sombrely down at the Marshall homestead .
she gave a little shrug of distaste .
Mrs Theodora thought that this was a master stroke .
ten minutes later Potter returned with the unwelcome news that Eben was away from home .
Mrs Theodora had to content herself with this , but she felt troubled .
she knew Mrs Tony Mack 's capabilities for spreading news .
Eben King had a keg in the corner .
he was in no hurry to go home for he loved gossip dearly and the Wexbridge stores abounded with it .
the door opened at this point and Tony Mack came in .
such a joke !
my old woman was there and heard her .
she 'll keep her word , too .
on his way to the door Eben King brushed past him .
a shout of laughter from the assembled men followed them .
the others streamed out in their wake , realizing that a race was afoot .
Eben King 's horse was tied at the door .
he had nothing to do but step in and drive off .
Bruce had put his mare in at Billy Bender 's across the bridge , intending to spend the evening there .
fifteen minutes later he drove past the store , his gray mare going at a sharp gait .
such a lark !
it would be a story to tell for years .
from its top it was five miles to Ramble Valley by the main road .
for a second Bruce hesitated .
then he turned his mare down the field cut to Malley 's Creek .
he could never have overtaken Bay Billy on the main road .
beyond the field was a ravine full of firs , through which Malley 's Creek ran .
the ice looked black and rotten .
to the left was the ragged hole where Jack Carr 's mare had struggled for her life .
Bruce headed Lady Jane higher up .
if a crossing could be made at all it was only between Malley 's spring-hole and the old ice road .
Lady Jane swerved at the bank and whickered .
unwillingly she advanced , picking her steps with cat-like sagacity .
once her foot went through , Bruce pulled her up with hands that did not tremble .
the next moment she was scrambling up the opposite bank .
glancing back , Bruce saw the ice parting in her footprints and the black water gurgling up .
but the race was not yet decided .
by crossing the creek he had won no more than an equal chance with Eben King .
and the field road before him was much worse than the main road .
but Lady Jane was good for it .
for once she should not be spared .
for a moment Mrs Theodora stood at a gaze .
then she recognized both drivers .
she knew that Judith was alone in the kitchen .
Potter Vane was chopping wood before the door .
both men sprang from their sleighs and ran to the door .
Bruce Marshall won it by foot-room and burst into the kitchen with his rival hot on his heels .
in a corner Judith turned from the window whence she had been watching the finish of the race .
she was pale and tense from excitement .
Mrs Theodora loosed her grip on Potter .
she followed him out and Eben King followed her .
on the step she reached behind him and closed the door .
Eben went home with Bay Billy .
without being actively conscious of it , she was satisfied with the existing circumstances of her life .
it was half over now .
on the fourth side a trim white paling shut in the flower garden before the front door .
Lucy Ellen 's bed was gayer and larger than Cecily 's .
Lucy Ellen had always had better luck with flowers .
there was no other sign of life about the place .
Cecily drew a long , leisurely breath of satisfaction .
I never saw such a lovely day .
she looked at him perplexedly .
he must be a stranger , for she was sure no man in Oriental walked like that .
the stranger came on with an airy briskness utterly foreign to Orientalites .
Cecily opened the gate and went through .
they met under the amber-tinted sugar maple in the heart of the hollow .
as he passed , the man lifted his hat and bowed with an ingratiating smile .
he was bald , with a high , Shaksperian forehead and a halo of sandy curls .
Cecily did not recognize him , yet there was something vaguely familiar about him .
she walked rapidly up to the house .
in the sitting-room she found Lucy Ellen peering out between the muslin window curtains .
when the latter turned there was an air of repressed excitement about her .
Cecily asked .
Lucy Ellen 's blush had frightened her .
it seemed to open up dizzying possibilities of change .
while Cecily was changing her dress , Lucy Ellen was getting the tea ready in the little kitchen .
tea that evening was not the pleasant meal it usually was .
she did not tell them .
Cecily 's heart was on fire with alarm and jealousy .
this was a fib .
Cecily knew it .
Lucy Ellen blushed scorchingly and was miserably silent .
to think of the spruce Cromwell Biron got to be bald and fat !
to be sure , he still has the same sheepish expression .
twenty years before this , Biron had jilted Lucy Ellen Foster .
she never had another lover .
she told herself that she would always be faithful to the one love of her life .
this sounded romantic , and she found a certain comfort in it .
she had been brought up by her uncle and aunt .
Cecily loved Lucy Ellen as a sister .
it was Lucy Ellen that had first proposed their mutual promise , but Cecily had grasped at it eagerly .
from that time Cecily 's mind had been at ease .
in her eyes a promise was a sacred thing .
the next evening at prayer-meeting Cromwell Biron received quite an ovation from old friends and neighbors .
Cromwell had been a favorite in his boyhood .
he had now the additional glamour of novelty and reputed wealth .
he was beaming and expansive .
he went into the choir to help sing .
Lucy Ellen sat beside him , and they sang from the same book .
she knew that Cromwell Biron had come home , wooing his old love .
on the church steps Cromwell offered his arm to Lucy Ellen with a flourish .
she took it shyly , and they started down the road in the crisp Autumn moonlight .
for the first time in ten years Cecily walked home from prayer-meeting alone .
she was too much in awe of Cecily for that .
but she loitered with him at the gate until the grandfather 's clock in the hall struck eleven .
but Cecily did not cry .
she lay savagely awake until morning .
Lucy Ellen blushed nervously .
there is no fool like an old fool , and Cromwell Biron never had much sense .
you 're very forgiving , Lucy Ellen .
all the fitful color went out of Lucy Ellen 's face .
under Cecily 's pitiless eyes she wilted and drooped .
you are talking nonsense , Cecily .
Lucy Ellen lifted her fawn-colored little head more erectly at the last of her protest .
she had saved her self-respect .
in the month that followed Cromwell Biron pressed his suit persistently , unintimidated by Cecily 's antagonism .
October drifted into November and the chill , drear days came .
one evening she came home late from a neighbor 's .
when Cecily went into the house , Lucy Ellen opened the parlor door .
she was very pale , but her eyes burned in her face and her hands were clasped before her .
Cecily followed silently into the room .
he asked me to marry him .
she paused and looked imploringly at Cecily .
Cecily did not speak .
she stood tall and unrelenting by the table .
the rigidity of her face and figure smote Lucy Ellen like a blow .
she threw out her bleached little hands and spoke with a sudden passion utterly foreign to her .
I always have .
I never thought of this when I promised .
it was all she said .
Lucy Ellen 's hands fell to her sides , and the light went out of her face .
Cecily went out .
at the door she turned .
to my mind a promise is a promise .
Lucy Ellen made no response .
she stood limply on the hearth-rug like a faded blossom bitten by frost .
there was silence for a moment .
Cecily did not know what to say .
then she turned swiftly and ran across the hall to her own room .
Cecily gave a little moan of pain .
this was her reward for all the love she had lavished on Lucy Ellen .
when Cromwell is gone she 'll forget all about him .
I 'm not going to fret .
Lucy Ellen did her mornings ' work listlessly and drooped through the afternoons .
Cromwell Biron happened to be there and gallantly insisted upon seeing her home .
she understood from Cromwell 's unaltered manner that Lucy Ellen had not told him why she had refused him .
when they reached the house Cromwell halted suddenly in the banner of light that streamed from the sitting-room window .
her white cat sat unnoticed at the table beside her .
tell her I said she could .
she opened the sitting-room door and pushed him in .
Lucy Ellen rose in amazement .
over Cromwell 's bald head loomed Cecily 's dark face , tragic and determined .
then she laughed hysterically .
Roger St Clair stretched himself out luxuriously in an easy-chair with a sigh of pleasure .
Roger smiled at her chummily .
it has been fairly sticking out of your eyes ever since you came .
she laid her head down on its curve and looked expectantly at Roger .
Freda lifted her head and then laid it down again .
she did not speak .
even at the moment he found himself thinking that Freda had a genius for silence .
any other girl he knew would have broken in at once with surprised exclamations and questions and spoiled his story .
Freda shook her head .
she was not likely to forget .
she remembered only too keenly the afternoon he had told her .
Freda , looking at herself along her arm in the mirror , recalled this description and smiled faintly .
certainly , she was not his ideal .
Roger frowned .
Freda 's face was solemn enough but her eyes looked as if she might be laughing at him .
I have only seen her .
it was in the park yesterday .
she was in a carriage with the Mandersons .
I rushed back to town and hunted up Pete Manderson at the club .
Pete is a donkey but he has his ways of being useful .
he told me who she was .
her name is Stephanie Gardiner ; she is his cousin from the south and is visiting his mother .
and , Freda , I am to dine at the Mandersons ' tonight .
her eyes were certainly laughing now .
Roger got up stiffly .
but if you are not interested I will not bore you with any further details .
when he had gone Freda ran to the west window and flung it open .
she leaned out and waved both hands at him over the spruce hedge .
forget it immediately , please .
Roger came .
he bored Freda terribly with his raptures but she never betrayed it .
Roger came out to Lowlands oftener than ever after that .
he had to talk to somebody about Stephanie Gardiner and Freda was the safest vent .
Freda had learned to tell which it was by the way he opened the snuggery door .
one day when Roger came he found six feet of young man reposing at ease in his particular chair .
she had on a new dark red gown and looked vivid and rose-hued .
she introduced the stranger as Mr Grayson and called him Tim .
they seemed to be excellent friends .
Freda nodded .
Roger inquired crossly , as soon as the door closed .
Freda began to make a fresh pot of chocolate .
she smiled dreamily as if thinking of something pleasant .
he used to live next door to us when we were children .
he is just the same old Tim , and is home from the west for a long visit .
it 's Tim .
he can do everything .
he used to make it long ago , and I washed up after him and helped him eat it .
Roger did not feel as if he wanted to talk about the Ideal .
he had also an inner vision of Freda making taffy with Tim and he did not approve of it .
he refused to talk about the Ideal .
he suddenly remembered that he had never heard the Ideal laugh .
he went to Lowlands the next afternoon and found Tim there in his chair again .
he detested the fellow but he could not deny that he was good-looking and had charming manners .
Freda was very nice to Tim .
on his way back to town Roger decided that Tim was in love with Freda .
he was furious at the idea .
he also remembered that he had not said a word to Freda about the Ideal .
and he never did say much more perhaps because he could not get the chance .
Tim was always there before him and generally outstayed him .
one day when he went out he did not find Freda at home .
her aunt told him that she was out riding with Mr Grayson .
on his way back he met them .
Roger turned and watched them out of sight behind the firs that cupped Lowlands .
that night at Mrs Crandall 's dinner table somebody began to talk about Freda .
Roger strained his ears to listen .
Mrs Kitty Carr was speaking Mrs Kitty knew everything and everybody .
but of course it is only a question of time .
Tim simply adores her .
he is a good soul and has lots of money , so he 'll do .
he apologized and was forgiven .
but he went home a very miserable man .
he did not go to Lowlands for two weeks .
they were the longest , most wretched two weeks he had ever lived through .
one afternoon he heard that Tim Grayson had gone back west .
Mrs Kitty told it mournfully .
Roger went straight out to Lowlands .
he found Freda in the snuggery and held out his hands to her .
her daughter Kitty was with her ; they both sat close together on the kitchen sofa .
I asked .
I was about six years old when my father married his mother , the Widow Merrivale .
John was just my age , and we were brought up together just like brother and sister .
he was a real nice fellow , I must say .
and the child came all the way from Californy , and here he is .
I 've been just distracted ever since .
her thin lips set themselves firmly and her voice had a hard ring .
I can't afford it .
I don't suppose his father expected it either .
I suppose he expected me to look after him a bit and of course I will .
still , it 's a pity for him , poor little fellow !
she must be a hard woman .
the poor mite doesn't look as if he 'd need much .
Miss Cynthia hardened her heart and took him into the house .
it 's a real good chance better than you could expect .
the boy seemed to shrink .
for a moment Miss Cynthia softened .
but the crust of years was not to be so easily broken .
you 'll have a good place at Mr Robins ' , if you behave yourself .
don't look so woebegone , for pity 's sake !
Wilbur turned and went silently to the kitchen .
Miss Cynthia thought she heard a sob .
she counted out seventy-five cents carefully .
when she came out , Wilbur was at the door .
miss Cynthia 's Action made a good deal of talk in Wilmot .
Miss Cynthia herself was far from easy .
a week after the boy had gone she saw him one day at the store .
he was lifting heavy bags from a cart .
Miss Cynthia 's conscience gave her a hard stab .
she bought a roll of peppermints and took them over to him .
he thanked her timidly and drove quickly away .
and she did and got an answer that made her ears tingle .
he weren't no nigger driver .
Miss Cynthia did not get much comfort out of life that summer .
the worry had its effect on her .
the neighbours said that Cynthy was sharper than ever .
even her church-going was embittered .
the boy 's eyes had grown too large for his thin face .
Miss Cynthia was preserving her plums .
Miss Cynthia had staggered to a seat by the table ; her face was pallid .
this parting shot was unheeded by Miss Cynthia .
she laid her face in her hands .
this is the account I 'll have to give John Merrivale of his boy .
it was a humbled Miss Cynthia who met the doctor at the hospital that afternoon .
he shook his head at her eager questions .
the boy seems run down every way .
no , it is impossible to think of moving him again .
Miss Cynthia followed the doctor down the long ward .
when he paused by a cot , she pushed past him .
Wilbur lay tossing restlessly on his pillow .
he was thin to emaciation , but his cheeks were crimson and his eyes burning bright .
Miss Cynthia stooped and took the hot , dry hands in hers .
I want Daddy .
why doesn't he come ?
Miss Cynthia got up and faced the doctor .
if he dies , I will be a murderess .
Miss Cynthia got so thin and wan that even Mrs John Joe pitied her .
afterwards , Miss Cynthia said she began to live that day .
Wilbur 's recovery was slow .
Wilbur shrank back .
John Harrington was a woman-hater , or thought that he was , which amounts to the same thing .
he had a remarkably good farm and was a remarkably good farmer .
this suited Harrington .
this , however , was all too good to last .
three days later the pigs got in again .
Harrington relieved his mind by some scathing reflections on women who tried to run farms .
nobody , not even John Harrington , could doubt that she meant what she said .
but she had reckoned without the pigs .
they had not forgotten the flavour of Egyptian fleshpots as represented by the succulent young shoots in the Harrington domains .
there is a limit to everyone 's patience .
Ted and Bobbles were playing at marbles in the lane and ran when they saw him coming .
Harrington had never seen his neighbour at close quarters before .
her pigs had rooted up his garden that fact filled his mind .
I simply can't put up with this any longer .
I suppose Bobbles forgot to shut the gate of their pen again this morning .
I am speaking my mind plainly , madam .
then did Mrs Hayden sit down upon the doorstep and burst into tears .
here was a nice mess !
what a nuisance women were worse than the pigs !
of course I know you didn't mean to let the pigs in .
there , do stop crying !
I make such mistakes .
she sobbed again and caught her breath like a grieved child .
Harrington felt like a brute .
but of course he couldn't do that .
you made my mommer cry I saw you .
Harrington smiled grimly .
come out here and let me see you .
he 's littler than me .
but I won't come out .
I don't like you .
Harrington obeyed .
after that there was a time of calm .
evidently something had been done to Bobbles ' memory or perhaps Mrs Hayden attended to the gate herself .
at all events the pigs were not seen and Harrington 's garden blossomed like the rose .
but Harrington himself was in a bad state .
this worried him .
the next day one adventurous pig found its way alone into the Harrington garden .
Harrington saw it get in and at the same moment he saw Mrs Hayden running through her orchard .
she was in his yard by the time he got out .
her sunbonnet had fallen back and some loose tendrils of her auburn hair were curling around her forehead .
her cheeks were so pink and her eyes so bright from running that she looked almost girlish .
he only got in this minute .
don't tire yourself .
between them they spoiled things about as much as a whole drove of pigs would have done .
Mrs Hayden followed slowly and Harrington walked beside her .
Harrington went back to the house , feeling that life was flat , stale , and unprofitable .
then he found out what was the matter with him .
he was in love , fathoms deep , with the blue-eyed widow !
presumably the pigs were shut up the next day , for Harrington 's garden was invaded no more .
he stood it for a week and then surrendered at discretion .
the front door stood hospitably open , flanked by rows of defiant red and yellow hollyhocks .
Harrington paused on the step , with his hand outstretched to knock .
somewhere inside he heard a low sobbing .
she was crying softly in a hopeless fashion .
Harrington put down his strawberries .
I didn't know anyone was near .
and I was feeling so discouraged .
the colt broke his leg in the swamp pasture today and Hiram had to shoot him .
it was Ted 's colt .
the woman-hater was so distressed that he forgot to be nervous .
listen to me .
you were never meant to run a farm and be killed with worry .
I want you to marry me and then everything will be all right .
I 've loved you ever since that day I came over here and made you cry .
the little brown house among the apple trees is shut up now and the boundary fence belongs to ancient history .
Sarah King has gone also and Mrs John Harrington reigns royally in her place .
it is from Aunt Clara , to say she cannot come .
Mrs Allen looked regretful , and Alma cast her spoon away with a tragic air .
I feel as if our celebration were spoiled .
so that will leave just one vacant place .
we must invite someone to fill it up .
both girls looked rather puzzled .
she had handed the Thanksgiving dinner over to Frances and Alma this year .
they were to attend to all the preparations and invite all the guests .
they had never thought of her !
she was the pale , timid-looking little teacher in the primary department of the Hazelwood school .
but there , I shall not preach .
Frances and Alma had both flushed , and they now remained silent for a few minutes .
then Frances sprang up and threw her arms around her mother .
we will ask Miss Price and try to give her a nice time .
only two days until Thanksgiving but there would be no real Thanksgiving for her .
her landlady met her in the hall .
Bertha went into the parlour somewhat reluctantly .
why , it is so nice to think of it .
Ernest Allen and his friend , Maxwell Seeley , came out from town on the morning train .
after all the necessary introductions had been made , Frances flew to the kitchen .
you needn't laugh , Al .
it 's a fact .
I noticed it the minute I introduced them .
back in the big , cheery parlour the Thanksgiving guests were amusing themselves in various ways .
I do not think I have any relatives of your name .
the next year I was taken from there and adopted by Mrs Price .
she was very kind to me and treated me as her own daughter .
I had a happy home with her , although we were poor .
Mrs Price wished me to bear her name , and I did so .
she never told me my true surname , perhaps she did not know it .
Max Seeley was plainly excited .
it was left with the matron of the asylum and she gave it to Mrs Price for me .
Max Seeley almost snatched the old-fashioned little silver watch , from her hand and opened the case .
an exclamation escaped him as he pointed to some scratches on the inner side .
they looked like the initials M.A.S.
we had no relatives .
I was adopted by a well-to-do old bachelor , who had known my father .
my sister was taken to an orphan asylum in a city some distance away .
I was very much attached to her and grieved bitterly over our parting .
my adopted father was very kind to me and gave me a good education .
I did not forget my sister , and as soon as I could I went to the asylum .
I never could find any clue to her whereabouts , and long since gave up all hope of finding her .
but I have found her at last .
there is no doubt in the world .
Bertha 's eyes were shining like stars .
well they had an amazing time then , of course .
however , the rest of the guests made up for that , and did full justice to the girls ' cookery .
just as soon as her resignation could be effected , she was to join her brother .
Frances and Alma talked it all over before they went to sleep that night .
End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Lucy Maud Montgomery Short Stories , @number@ by Lucy Maud Montgomery
this is the hour of pride and power , Talon and tush and claw .
oh , hear the call !
how large are their eyes !
that is why he has only killed cattle .
then everybody in the jungle suffers .
they say too and it is true that man-eaters become mangy , and lose their teeth .
he looked up into Father Wolf 's face , and laughed .
the baby was pushing his way between the cubs to get close to the warm hide .
he is taking his meal with the others .
what talk is this of choosing ?
the tiger 's roar filled the cave with thunder .
the man 's cub is mine , Lungri mine to me !
he shall not be killed .
we will see what the Pack will say to this fostering of man-cubs .
mother Wolf threw herself down panting among the cubs , and Father Wolf said to her gravely :
the cub must be shown to the Pack .
look , he has pushed one of my babes to one side already .
assuredly I will keep him .
lie still , little frog .
the Lone Wolf had led them for a year now .
there was very little talking at the Rock .
give him to me .
Akela never even twitched his ears .
what have the Free People to do with the orders of any save the Free People ?
there is no harm in a man 's cub .
I have no gift of words , but I speak the truth .
let him run with the Pack , and be entered with the others .
a black shadow dropped down into the circle .
but he had a voice as soft as wild honey dripping from a tree , and a skin softer than down .
and the Law does not say who may or may not pay that price .
the cub can be bought for a price .
besides , he may make better sport for you when he is grown .
Baloo has spoken in his behalf .
let him run with the Pack .
where is the bull , Bagheera ?
Akela said nothing .
Bagheera killed right and left as he felt hungry , and so did Mowgli with one exception .
Mowgli obeyed faithfully .
and the young wolves would growl and bristle .
open those eyes , Little Brother .
Shere Khan dare not kill thee in the jungle .
Bagheera stretched himself at full length and half shut his eyes .
I had never seen the jungle .
and because I had learned the ways of men , I became more terrible in the jungle than Shere Khan .
and Mowgli looked at him steadily between the eyes .
the big panther turned his head away in half a minute .
by Red Flower Bagheera meant fire , only no creature in the jungle will call fire by its proper name .
every beast lives in deadly fear of it , and invents a hundred ways of describing it .
Mowgli was far and far through the forest , running hard , and his heart was hot in him .
he came to the cave as the evening mist rose , and drew breath , and looked down the valley .
let the Lone Wolf show his strength .
room for the leader of the Pack !
then he pressed his face close to the window and watched the fire on the hearth .
he saw the husbandman's wife get up and feed it in the night with black lumps .
halfway up the hill he met Bagheera with the morning dew shining like moonstones on his coat .
I am ready .
Mowgli held up the fire-pot .
then Mowgli went to the Council , still laughing .
Bagheera lay close to Mowgli , and the fire pot was between Mowgli 's knees .
he is a dog 's son .
Mowgli sprang to his feet .
ye know how that plot was made .
ye know how ye brought me up to an untried buck to make my weakness known .
it was cleverly done .
your right is to kill me here on the Council Rock , now .
therefore , I ask , who comes to make an end of the Lone Wolf ?
there was a long hush , for no single wolf cared to fight Akela to the death .
what have we to do with this toothless fool ?
he is doomed to die !
it is the man-cub who has lived too long .
free People , he was my meat from the first .
give him to me .
he has troubled the jungle for ten seasons .
what has a man to do with us ?
he has slept with us .
he has driven game for us .
in truth , I have lived too long .
therefore I know ye to be cowards , and it is to cowards I speak .
I will die without fighting .
I go from you to my own people if they be my own people .
the jungle is shut to me , and I must forget your talk and your companionship .
but I will be more merciful than ye are .
he kicked the fire with his foot , and the sparks flew up .
Bagheera followed in case of accidents .
Mowgli cried .
for the rest , Akela goes free to live as he pleases .
ye will not kill him , because that is not my will .
the jungle is shut indeed to thee henceforward .
let them fall , Mowgli .
do not forget me !
Hunting-Song of the Seeonee Pack
eyes that can see in the dark the dark !
Kaa 's Hunting
his spots are the joy of the Leopard : his horns are the Buffalo 's pride .
be clean , for the strength of the hunter is known by the gloss of his hide .
let him think and be still .
it was in the days when Baloo was teaching him the Law of the Jungle .
but Mowgli , as a man-cub , had to learn a great deal more than this .
none of the Jungle People like being disturbed , and all are very ready to fly at an intruder .
Bagheera grunted .
he can now claim protection , if he will only remember the words , from all in the jungle .
he is no tree trunk to sharpen thy blunt claws upon .
but what are those Master Words ?
not one small wolfling has ever come back to thank old Baloo for his teachings .
Mowgli repeated , with the Kite 's whistle at the end of the sentence .
Mowgli had been trying to make himself heard by pulling at Bagheera 's shoulder fur and kicking hard .
he snuffled a little .
Baloo snorted .
why have I never been taken among the Monkey People ?
they do not hit me with their hard paws .
they play all day .
let me get up !
bad Baloo , let me up !
they have no law .
they are outcasts .
their way is not our way .
they are without leaders .
they have no remembrance .
how was I to guess he would play with such dirt .
the Monkey People !
a fresh shower came down on their heads and the two trotted away , taking Mowgli with them .
what Baloo had said about the monkeys was perfectly true .
the Monkey-People , watching in the trees , considered his play most wonderful .
Bagheera has noticed us .
had they been alone they could have gone twice as fast , but the boy 's weight held them back .
for a time he was afraid of being dropped .
Mowgli shouted .
Rann had never seen Mowgli before , though of course he had heard of him .
Man-cub they call me !
so he rocked on his wings , his feet gathered up under him , and waited .
meantime , Baloo and Bagheera were furious with rage and grief .
Baloo panted .
it would not tire a wounded cow .
sit still and think !
make a plan .
this is no time for chasing .
they may have dropped him already , being tired of carrying him .
who can trust the Bandar-log ?
put dead bats on my head !
give me black bones to eat !
Bagheera licked one forepaw thoughtfully .
he can climb as well as they can .
he steals the young monkeys in the night .
the whisper of his name makes their wicked tails cold .
Bagheera , who did not know much about Kaa , was naturally suspicious .
like all snakes of his breed Kaa was rather deaf , and did not hear the call at first .
then he curled up ready for any accident , his head lowered .
good hunting , Bagheera .
he is too big .
the branches are not what they were when I was young .
but a man-thing in their hands is in no good luck .
they grow tired of the nuts they pick , and throw them down .
that man-thing is not to be envied .
we must help their wandering memories .
up , Up !
he bade me tell you .
I watched .
they may stay there for a night , or ten nights , or an hour .
I have told the bats to watch through the dark time .
that is my message .
it is nothing .
the boy held the Master Word .
follow , Baloo .
in the Cold Lairs the Monkey-People were not thinking of Mowgli 's friends at all .
they had brought the boy to the Lost City , and were very much pleased with themselves for the time .
some king had built it long ago on a little hill .
twenty or thirty monkeys bounded away to bring him nuts and wild pawpaws .
so if I am starved or killed here , it will be all my own fault .
but I must try to return to my own jungle .
we are free .
we are wonderful .
certainly this is dewanee , the madness .
do they never go to sleep ?
now there is a cloud coming to cover that moon .
if it were only a big enough cloud I might try to run away in the darkness .
when that cloud covers the moon I shall go to the terrace .
for the first time since he was born , Bagheera was fighting for his life .
roll to the water tanks .
Roll and plunge !
Bagheera heard , and the cry that told him Mowgli was safe gave him new courage .
the old Bear had done his best , but he could not come before .
I climb !
the stones slip under my feet !
then Kaa came straight , quickly , and anxious to kill .
his first stroke was delivered into the heart of the crowd round Baloo .
it is Kaa !
his fur was much thicker than Bagheera 's , but he had suffered sorely in the fight .
the monkeys leaped higher up the walls .
Kaa hissed , and the city was silent once more .
I am sore .
the curve of the broken dome was above his head .
he dances like Mao the Peacock .
stand back , manling .
but , oh , they have handled ye grievously , my Brothers !
Mowgli turned and saw the great Python 's head swaying a foot above his own .
the Python dropped his head lightly for a minute on Mowgli 's shoulder .
he turned twice or thrice in a big circle , weaving his head from right to left .
the lines of the monkeys swayed forward helplessly , and Baloo and Bagheera took one stiff step forward with them .
and the three slipped off through a gap in the walls to the jungle .
but he has done mischief , and blows must be dealt now .
I did wrong .
Baloo and thou are wounded .
when it was all over Mowgli sneezed , and picked himself up without a word .
one of the beauties of Jungle Law is that punishment settles all scores .
there is no nagging afterward .
don't you envy our pranceful bands ?
don't you wish you had extra hands ?
wouldn't you like if your tails were so Curved in the shape of a Cupid 's bow ?
now you 're angry , but never mind , Brother , thy tail hangs down behind !
we 've forgotten , but never mind , Brother , thy tail hangs down behind !
now we are talking just like men !
this is the way of the Monkey-kind .
brother , the watch was long and cold .
brother , he crops in the jungle still .
where is the power that made your pride ?
brother , it ebbs from my flank and side .
where is the haste that ye hurry by ?
brother , I go to my lair to die .
now we must go back to the first tale .
the valley opened out into a great plain dotted over with rocks and cut up by ravines .
so he threw back his long hair and frowned at the crowd .
they are the bites of wolves .
he is a handsome boy .
he has eyes like red fire .
Mowgli did not show that he knew the name .
Mowgli was uneasy , because he had never been under a roof before .
now I am as silly and dumb as a man would be with us in the jungle .
now , listen .
Shere Khan has gone away to hunt far off till his coat grows again , for he is badly singed .
I also have made a little promise .
but news is always good .
I will always remember that I love thee and all in our cave .
then the little children in the village made him very angry .
most of the tales were about animals , for the jungle was always at their door .
Buldeo was speechless with surprise for a moment , and the head-man stared .
Mowgli rose to go .
but if they straggle to pick flowers or hunt lizards , they are sometimes carried off .
now he has gone off again , for the game is scarce .
when he comes back wait for me in the ravine by the dhak tree in the center of the plain .
herding in India is one of the laziest things in the world .
there sat Gray Brother , every bristle on his back lifted .
Mowgli frowned .
fool , fool !
what a cub 's cub it is !
these buffaloes will not charge unless they wind him , and I cannot speak their language .
Mowgli stood with his finger in his mouth , thinking .
that opens out on the plain not half a mile from here .
we must block that end .
we have a big work in hand .
cut the herd in two , Akela .
no six men could have divided the herd so neatly .
Mowgli slipped on to Rama 's back .
the bulls swept off as Akela bayed , and Gray Brother stopped in front of the cows .
another charge and they are fairly started .
careful , now careful , Akela .
this is wilder work than driving black-buck .
Mowgli called .
swiftly turn them !
Rama is mad with rage .
the bulls were turned , to the right this time , and crashed into the standing thicket .
but Mowgli 's plan was simple enough .
let them breathe .
I must tell Shere Khan who comes .
cattle thief , it is time to come to the Council Rock !
the herd splashed through the pool he had just left , bellowing till the narrow cut rang .
that charge carried both herds out into the plain , goring and stamping and snorting .
Mowgli watched his time , and slipped off Rama 's neck , laying about him right and left with his stick .
break them up .
scatter them , or they will be fighting one another .
drive them away , Akela .
Hai , Rama !
Hai , hai , hai ! my children .
Shere Khan needed no more trampling .
he was dead , and the kites were coming for him already .
his hide will look well on the Council Rock .
the wolves dropped out of sight as soon as they saw the man coming .
where did the buffaloes kill him ?
he fumbled in his waist cloth for flint and steel , and stooped down to singe Shere Khan 's whiskers .
most native hunters always singe a tiger 's whiskers to prevent his ghost from haunting them .
now it is in my mind that I need the skin for my own use .
thy luck and the stupidity of thy buffaloes have helped thee to this kill .
the tiger has just fed , or he would have gone twenty miles by this time .
Mowgli , I will not give thee one anna of the reward , but only a very big beating .
I did not know that thou wast anything more than a herdsboy .
half the village seemed to be waiting for him by the gate .
Wolf 's brat !
the old Tower musket went off with a bang , and a young buffalo bellowed in pain .
Wolf 's cub !
last time it was because I was a man .
this time it is because I am a wolf .
I do not believe , but go away or they will kill thee .
Mowgli laughed a little short ugly laugh , for a stone had hit him in the mouth .
this is one of the foolish tales they tell under the big tree at dusk .
I am no wizard , Messua .
the buffaloes were anxious enough to get to the village .
let us get Shere Khan 's skin and go away .
then they banged the temple bells and blew the conches louder than ever .
when ye are full-fed , the madness may come upon you again .
ye fought for freedom , and it is yours .
but that is a story for grown-ups .
Mowgli 's Song
THAT HE SANG AT THE COUNCIL ROCK WHEN HE DANCED ON SHERE KHAN'S HIDE
let the jungle listen to the things I have done .
Shere Khan said he would kill would kill !
at the gates in the twilight he would kill Mowgli , the Frog !
he ate and he drank .
I am alone on the grazing-grounds .
gray Brother , come to me !
come to me , Lone Wolf , for there is big game afoot !
bring up the great bull buffaloes , the blue-skinned herd bulls with the angry eyes .
Wake , oh , wake !
here come I , and the bulls are behind .
Rama , the King of the Buffaloes , stamped with his foot .
he is there .
he is there .
under the feet of Rama lies the Lame One !
up , Shere Khan !
here is meat ; break the necks of the bulls !
he is asleep .
we will not wake him , for his strength is very great .
the kites have come down to see it .
the black ants have come up to know it .
there is a great assembly in his honor .
I have no cloth to wrap me .
the kites will see that I am naked .
I am ashamed to meet all these people .
lend me thy coat , Shere Khan .
lend me thy gay striped coat that I may go to the Council Rock .
by the Bull that bought me I made a promise a little promise .
only thy coat is lacking before I keep my word .
Waters of the Waingunga , Shere Khan gives me his coat for the love that he bears me .
pull , Gray Brother !
pull , Akela !
Heavy is the hide of Shere Khan .
they throw stones and talk child 's talk .
my mouth is bleeding .
let me run away .
through the night , through the hot night , run swiftly with me , my brothers .
we will leave the lights of the village and go to the low moon .
wolf Pack , ye have cast me out too .
the jungle is shut to me and the village gates are shut .
as Mang flies between the beasts and birds , so fly I between the village and the jungle .
I dance on the hide of Shere Khan , but my heart is very heavy .
these two things fight together in me as the snakes fight in the spring .
the water comes out of my eyes ; yet I laugh while it falls .
I am two Mowglis , but the hide of Shere Khan is under my feet .
my heart is heavy with the things that I do not understand .
Limmershin is a very quaint little bird , but he knows how to tell the truth .
they come in the summer months by hundreds and hundreds of thousands out of the cold gray sea .
for Novastoshnah Beach has the finest accommodation for seals of any place in all the world .
yet Sea Catch never chased a beaten seal , for that was against the Rules of the Beach .
he only wanted room by the sea for his nursery .
Matkah said , fanning herself with her hind flipper .
the beach is disgracefully crowded this season .
I 've met at least a hundred seals from Lukannon Beach , house hunting .
if we went there they would say we were afraid .
and she sang the low , crooning seal song that all the mother seals sing to their babies :
child of the Open Sea !
of course the little fellow did not understand the words at first .
no cradle is so comfortable as the long , rocking swell of the Pacific .
this was one of very many things that Kotick learned , and he was always learning .
at the end of six months what Kotick did not know about deep-sea fishing was not worth the knowing .
that night Kotick danced the Fire-dance with the yearling seals .
the sea is deep and you don't know all that 's in it yet .
wait till you 've rounded the Horn .
the holluschickie just bundled off a few yards and sat staring stupidly .
then he began to mutter a prayer .
there has never been a white seal since since I was born .
perhaps it is old Zaharrof 's ghost .
a hundred will do .
Kotick followed , panting and wondering .
that was enough for Kotick .
you must have seen old Kerick polishing off a drove .
he may know something .
Kotick swam back to Novastoshnah , leaving the gulls to scream .
besides , Kotick was a white seal .
and Kotick went off and danced the Fire-dance with a very heavy little heart .
and it was so in all the other islands that he visited .
but everywhere the People of the Sea told him the same things .
seals had come to those islands once upon a time , but men had killed them all off .
I am old , and I shall never live to see that day , but others will .
the big things answered by bowing and waving their flippers like the Frog Footman .
they tucked the stuff into their mouths and chumped solemnly .
they bowed again , and Kotick began to lose his temper .
the split lips moved and twitched ; and the glassy green eyes stared , but they did not speak .
but the sea cows did not answer because Sea Cow cannot talk .
and what is good enough for the Sea Cow is good enough for the Sea Catch .
it was weary work for Kotick .
remember we 've been fighting for our nurseries , and that 's a thing you never did .
the other seals laughed at this , and the young seal began twisting his head from side to side .
he had just married that year , and was making a great fuss about it .
I 'm going to teach you now .
don't tackle your father , my son !
who comes with me to the Sea Cow 's tunnel ?
then Kotick dropped his head between his shoulders and shut his eyes proudly .
it is a sort of very sad seal National Anthem .
at the hole where he went in Red-Eye called to Wrinkle-Skin .
the hooded Death has missed !
his eyes and the end of his restless nose were pink .
he found a little wisp of grass floating there , and clung to it till he lost his senses .
they gave him a little piece of raw meat .
then he felt better .
he spent all that day roaming over the house .
but Teddy 's mother wouldn't think of anything so awful .
then Rikki-tikki went out into the garden to see what was to be seen .
Rikki-tikki licked his lips .
it was Darzee , the Tailorbird , and his wife .
so he dropped his head a little , and put it on one side .
Rikki-tikki knew better than to waste time in staring .
he heard her savage hiss as the stroke missed .
but Nag and Nagaina had disappeared into the grass .
it was a serious matter for him .
that is not true .
but Rikki did not know .
Karait struck out .
and Rikki-tikki heard a scream from Teddy 's mother .
Rikki-tikki was rather amused at all the fuss , which , of course , he did not understand .
Teddy 's mother might just as well have petted Teddy for playing in the dust .
Rikki was thoroughly enjoying himself .
Teddy carried him off to bed , and insisted on Rikki-tikki sleeping under his chin .
Chuchundra is a broken-hearted little beast .
but he never gets there .
Chuchundra sat down and cried till the tears rolled off his whiskers .
I mustn't tell you anything .
Rikki-tikki listened .
I shall wait here till he comes .
Nagaina do you hear me ?
there was no answer from outside , so Rikki-tikki knew Nagaina had gone away .
after an hour he began to move , muscle by muscle , toward the jar .
then he jumped .
this gave him just one second 's purchase , and he made the most of it .
a hot wind knocked him senseless and red fire singed his fur .
Rikki-tikki held on with his eyes shut , for now he was quite sure he was dead .
when morning came he was very stiff , but well pleased with his doings .
the big man brought the bang-stick , and Nag fell in two pieces !
and Darzee filled his throat and sang .
you 're safe enough in your nest there , but it 's war for me down here .
Darzee was a feather-brained little fellow who could never hold more than one idea at a time in his head .
Darzee was very like a man in some ways .
then she fluttered more desperately than ever .
and she moved toward Darzee 's wife , slipping along over the dust .
what is the use of running away ?
I am sure to catch you .
they sat stone-still , and their faces were white .
I am not ready yet .
wait a little .
if you move I strike , and if you do not move I strike .
you mustn't move .
look at your friends , Rikki-tikki .
they are still and white .
they are afraid .
the big snake turned half around , and saw the egg on the veranda .
he was dead before the big man blew him in two .
I did it !
come then , Nagaina .
come and fight with me .
for you will go to the rubbish heap with Nag .
fight , widow !
the big man has gone for his gun !
Nagaina gathered herself together and flung out at him .
he had forgotten the egg .
when the cobra runs for her life , she goes like a whip-lash flicked across a horse 's neck .
Rikki-tikki knew that he must catch her , or all the trouble would begin again .
but Darzee 's wife was wiser .
she flew off her nest as Nagaina came along , and flapped her wings about Nagaina 's head .
if Darzee had helped they might have turned her , but Nagaina only lowered her hood and went on .
we must sing his death song .
Valiant Rikki-tikki is dead !
Darzee stopped with a little shout .
Rikki-tikki shook some of the dust out of his fur and sneezed .
Nagaina is dead !
Rikki-tikki woke up with a jump , for the mongooses are light sleepers .
all the cobras are dead .
Rikki-tikki had a right to be proud of himself .
terror that hid in the roses is impotent flung on the dung-hill and dead !
tell me his nest and his name .
give him the Thanks of the Birds , Bowing with tail feathers spread !
praise him with nightingale words Nay , I will praise him instead .
I will sing you the praise of the bottle-tailed Rikki , with eyeballs of red !
this running up and down among the hills is not the best Government service .
I am getting old , and I do not love wild elephants .
Aha , the Cawnpore barracks were good .
Little Toomai remembered the Cawnpore elephant-lines and said nothing .
even a little boy could be of use there , and Toomai was as useful as three boys .
he would get his torch and wave it , and yell with the best .
mind the post !
he did more than wriggle .
Little Toomai was frightened .
the worst that can happen .
Petersen Sahib is a madman .
it is well that this nonsense ends safely .
then we will march on smooth roads , and forget all this hunting .
is the family of Toomai of the Elephants to be trodden underfoot in the dirt of a Keddah ?
go and wash Kala Nag and attend to his ears , and see that there are no thorns in his feet .
Machua Appa pointed at Little Toomai , and Petersen Sahib looked , and Little Toomai bowed to the earth .
he is smaller than a picket-pin .
most of them had taught their elephants that trick when they were boys .
Big Toomai scowled more than ever .
Petersen Sahib smiled again .
that is the proper time .
Big Toomai heard him and grunted .
that was what he meant .
why should Petersen Sahib have chosen me to go down with you donkeys of the rice fields ?
lay your beast alongside , Toomai , and let him prod with his tusks .
it is only your carelessness in driving .
you are very wise , you plains people .
Little Toomai called out .
well , I will tell thee , for thou hast a cool head .
well , leave thy elephants unshackled tonight and see what comes .
here is another ford , and we must swim the calves .
but they lost their tempers long before they got there .
and Little Toomai had been spoken to by Petersen Sahib !
if he had not found what he wanted , I believe he would have been ill .
but this time he was not alone , and he had not to make his path .
many elephants must have gone that way only a few minutes before .
at last Kala Nag stood still between two tree-trunks at the very top of the hill .
but within the limits of the clearing there was not a single blade of green nothing but the trampled earth .
and these elephants were not thinking of men that night .
he , too , must have run away from some camp in the hills about .
then a cloud came over the moon , and he sat in black darkness .
but the quiet , steady hustling and pushing and gurgling went on just the same .
then an elephant trumpeted , and they all took it up for five or ten terrible seconds .
a tree was creaking and groaning somewhere near him .
there was no sound from the elephants , except once , when two or three little calves squeaked together .
then he heard a thump and a shuffle , and the booming went on .
Little Toomai stared again and again .
Little Toomai stared once more .
now he understood the trampling .
the third elephant watched the two go away , snorted , wheeled round , and took his own path .
they made more room with their feet .
I have seen it .
Kala Nag took me , and I saw .
they looked at one another and up and down , and they wondered .
for the ways of elephants are beyond the wit of any man , black or white , to fathom .
when they got back to camp it was time for the evening meal .
he shall become a great tracker .
give him honor , my lords !
salaam karo , my children .
make your salute to Toomai of the Elephants !
Gunga Pershad , ahaa !
Hira Guj , Birchi Guj , Kuttar Guj , ahaa !
Shiv and the Grasshopper
( the song that Toomai 's mother sang to the baby )
turn and see .
her Majesty 's Servants
my tent lay far away from the camel lines , and I thought it was safe .
they 're coming !
where shall I go ?
you 'll be beaten for this in the morning .
the camel doubled up camel-fashion , like a two-foot rule , and sat down whimpering .
how 's a horse to keep his condition if he isn't allowed to sleep .
he 's waked me up too .
aren't these camels too sickening for anything ?
what is that ?
he cocked one ear and listened .
on my word , you and your friends have waked the camp very thoroughly .
they came into our lines while we were asleep .
when a battery a screw-gun mule calls gun-bullocks gentlemen , he must be very badly shaken up .
it is better to lie quiet in the mud than to be disturbed on good bedding .
they went on chewing .
but the bullocks only clicked their horns together and went on chewing .
it means life or death to your man , and of course that 's life and death to you .
get round with your hind legs under you the instant you feel the rein on your neck .
if you haven't room to swing round , rear up a little and come round on your hind legs .
I suppose it comes to the same thing .
I can see Dick 's lance to the right of my right eye , and I know I 'm safe .
that 's what some of our horses do , and I don't blame them .
as I was saying , it wasn't Dick 's fault .
knives are dirty things at any time .
I wish I could show you our business .
it 's beautiful .
why , it took me three years to find out what the men were driving at .
always keep hidden as much as possible , even if you have to go a mile out of your way .
that 's scientific and neat .
I am not frightened then .
well , well !
two Tails is a great coward .
we do not climb like cats nor run like calves .
eating is always good .
this is Fate .
that is the proper way to fight .
we are brothers from Hapur .
our father was a sacred bull of Shiva .
I never heard such stuff .
I saw the white of his eye glitter in the dark .
but it 's different with me .
I 'm not talking to you .
the troop-horse gave a kick and a bound and a snort .
two Tails stamped his foot till the iron ring on it jingled .
but if I were as wise as all that I should never be here .
he began trumpeting furiously at the top of his trumpet .
an elephant 's trumpeting is always nasty , especially on a dark night .
so she stopped to bully Two Tails in his pickets , and yapped round his big feet .
two Tails shuffled and squeaked .
go home , you yelping little beast !
oh , why doesn't someone take her away ?
so I buttoned her into the breast of my overcoat , and Two Tails shuffled and stamped and growled to himself .
I heard him feeling about with his trunk .
but Billy 's right .
the gun-bullocks got up to go .
it is true that we only see out of our eyes , and we are not very clever .
but still , we are the only people to-night who have not been afraid .
you 're hung up till daylight .
I never knew before what made Indian cattle so scared of Englishmen .
I 'm going to look at this man .
good-night , Australia !
good-night , Two Tails !
the seventh pair had a new yoke , and they looked rather stiff and tired .
I looked at the Amir .
up till then he had not shown the shadow of a sign of astonishment or anything else .
the animals went in two by two , Hurrah !
Parade Song of the Camp Animals
ELEPHANTS OF THE GUN TEAMS
pass it along the line !
somebody 's pack has slid from his back , Wish it were only mine !
somebody 's load has tipped off in the road Cheer for a halt and a row !
somebody 's catching it now !
ALL THE BEASTS TOGETHER
THE BLUE FAIRY BOOK
the King was in despair about it , when a wise old man said to him :
then the King consulted his ministers .
the day before they started the Princess met her lover and said to him :
but the minister 's son made no reply .
that same evening the gardener 's son rode up to the fountain upon his lame gray horse .
then the old beggar-woman said to her benefactor :
you must kill them and then burn them separately , and gather up the ashes .
then arrange the bones in their proper places , and throw over them the ashes out of the three bags .
for your reward you must demand the bronze ring which has the power to grant you everything you desire .
the young man followed the old beggar-woman 's directions .
they brought the cauldron and the loads of wood , and very soon the King was boiling away .
and he gave it to him .
St Nicholas will be at the helm .
presently he arrived at a great town and established himself in a wonderful palace .
the gardener 's son said to him :
the minister 's son followed the rich stranger , whom he had not recognized .
the slaves obeyed him .
in spite of the pitiable condition in which he returned they received him joyfully .
as to the poor princess , she was sorrowful and angry enough about it .
the King happened at that moment to be at the palace window .
I cannot give your daughter away .
I met him in a distant town reduced to carrying away dust and rubbish from the houses .
several months passed .
so he went down to the sea-shore and caught some little red fishes .
really , they were quite wonderfully pretty .
the slave went back to her mistress .
and the genii of the bronze ring obeyed him .
after wandering about a long time he reached an island inhabited by mice .
the captain landed upon the shore and began to explore the country .
then the queen of the mice held a council .
several mice offered themselves for this mission and set out to find the young captain .
the mice withdrew in great dismay .
suddenly three mice arrived from a very distant country .
so the three mice made themselves a boat and set sail for the magician 's country .
then they waited till it was night .
the mouse with the cropped ears found a lamp full of oil and a bottle full of pepper .
quick as thought the lame mouse snatched up the precious talisman and carried it off to the boat .
imagine the despair of the magician when he awoke and the bronze ring was nowhere to be found !
but by that time our three mice had set sail with their prize .
a favoring breeze was carrying them toward the island where the queen of the mice was awaiting them .
naturally they began to talk about the bronze ring .
the boat reached the island , and the mice landed .
at her cries the other two mice ran up .
at last the port was reached .
the captain landed and ran to the palace , where he found the wicked old man asleep .
the Princess clasped her husband in a long embrace .
the magician tried to escape , but he was seized and bound with strong cords .
Paris : Maisonneuve , @number@
PRINCE HYACINTH AND THE DEAR LITTLE PRINCESS
so the King , without losing a moment , set his foot upon it heavily .
though the King was horribly afraid of the enchanter , he could not help laughing at this threat .
I loved your father as if he had been my brother .
but never mind , one may be a very worthy man though his nose is too long .
they used to tell the Queen , my mother , that it was so .
for though you see what I am now , I was the daughter of a great king .
the Fairy was very much flattered by this compliment , and said , calling to her servants :
this just shows me how sensible I have been in never listening to flatterers .
for my part I never will be taken in by them .
Poor Prince Hyacinth !
ah ! thanks .
now let us speak of your father .
in my time one saw them at parties , theatres , balls , and promenades every day .
dear me ! what a long nose you have !
it cannot matter to you what it is like .
I will even try to think that you have an ordinary nose .
for the first time he realized how long it really was , and exclaimed :
you see how self-love keeps us from knowing our own defects of mind and body .
par Madame Leprince de Beaumont .
next Thursday evening the White Bear came to fetch her .
she seated herself on his back with her bundle , and thus they departed .
everyone thought that he could never be sufficiently grateful to her for all she had done for them all .
now they had everything that they wanted , and everything was as good as it could be .
they all asked her how she was getting on where she was .
her mother wanted to talk with her alone in her own chamber .
but I will teach you a way to see him .
if you had but held out for the space of one year I should have been free .
then she asked him if she could not go with him .
but no , that could not be .
outside it an aged woman was sitting , playing with a golden apple .
but it was only the same thing once again .
so she seated herself on his back , and they did go so swiftly !
Down below there was such a storm !
so she opened the window , and asked what she would take for it .
well , that was a very small matter , they thought , and agreed to do it .
so she came in .
but then she was worth at least a thousand .
never has there been a gayer Court .
all this admiration vastly pleased the Queen .
what makes you despise all these nice kings ?
when she awoke she was dismayed to find her basket empty .
she would have told me if she had .
and , indeed , at that moment the poor Princess heard their dreadful howls coming nearer and nearer .
the malicious Dwarf looked at her and began to laugh spitefully .
I have looked at you enough .
I am so frightened .
preparations were begun at once for the grandest wedding that had ever been held at the palace .
and the King used to write songs for Bellissima .
in the forest all is gay When my Princess walks that way .
all the blossoms then are found Downward fluttering to the ground , Hoping she may tread on them .
they really were as happy as the day was long .
all the King 's unsuccessful rivals had gone home in despair .
they said good-by to the Princess so sadly that she could not help being sorry for them .
at last the happy day came .
everything was ready for Bellissima 's wedding .
Ho , ho , Princess !
your quarrel is with me only .
I am your enemy and your rival .
the Fairy came back so delighted that she could not conceal her joy .
presently , after walking wildly up and down , he wrote these verses upon the sand with his stick :
alas ! alas !
why is my Princess snatched from me ?
while he was still writing he heard a voice which attracted his attention in spite of himself .
the King of the Gold Mines hardly knew what answer to make to this proposal .
and then the Mermaid caught up the King , and away they swam joyfully together .
we must now go back to the Fairy of the Desert .
we beg you not to insist upon going on .
the King did not know what to do or to say .
let me explain everything .
So saying , he threw himself at her feet and held her by her robe .
LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD
her mother was excessively fond of her ; and her grandmother doted on her still more .
one day her mother , having made some custards , said to her :
Little Red Riding-Hood set out immediately to go to her grandmother , who lived in another village .
he asked her whither she was going .
the Wolf was not long before he got to the old woman 's house .
he knocked at the door tap , tap .
the Wolf cried out to her , softening his voice as much as he could :
Little Red Riding-Hood pulled the bobbin , and the door opened .
the Wolf , seeing her come in , said to her , hiding himself under the bed-clothes :
THE SLEEPING BEAUTY IN THE WOOD
at last , however , the Queen had a daughter .
it is true , I have no power to undo entirely what my elder has done .
this good woman had never heard of the King 's proclamation against spindles .
the good old woman , not knowing very well what to do in this affair , cried out for help .
all this was done in a moment .
fairies are not long in doing their business .
everyone answered according as they had heard .
some said :
that it was a ruinous old castle , haunted by spirits .
however , he did not cease from continuing his way ; a young and amorous prince is always valiant .
he approached with trembling and admiration , and fell down before her upon his knees .
soon after the King went to make war with the Emperor Contalabutte , his neighbor .
for she thought them dead ever since they had been taken away without her knowledge .
CINDERELLA , OR THE LITTLE GLASS SLIPPER
our young misses were also invited , for they cut a very grand figure among the quality .
as she was doing this , they said to her :
Cinderella brought the trap to her , and in it there were three huge rats .
this done , she gave her a pair of glass slippers , the prettiest in the whole world .
the Prince followed , but could not overtake her .
she left behind one of her glass slippers , which the Prince took up most carefully .
if they had not seen a princess go out .
Cinderella , who saw all this , and knew her slipper , said to them , laughing :
her sisters burst out a-laughing , and began to banter her .
they threw themselves at her feet to beg pardon for all the ill-treatment they had made her undergo .
that she forgave them with all her heart , and desired them always to love her .
ALADDIN AND THE WONDERFUL LAMP
Aladdin ran home and told his mother of his newly found uncle .
however , she prepared supper , and bade Aladdin seek his uncle , who came laden with wine and fruit .
the next day the magician led Aladdin into some beautiful gardens a long way outside the city gates .
they then journeyed onward till they almost reached the mountains .
at last they came to two mountains divided by a narrow valley .
the stone came up quite easily , and some steps appeared .
tuck up your gown and go through them without touching anything , or you will die instantly .
these halls lead into a garden of fine fruit trees .
this Aladdin refused to do until he was out of the cave .
though he alone knew where to find it , he could only receive it from the hand of another .
he had picked out the foolish Aladdin for this purpose , intending to get the lamp and kill him afterward .
for two days Aladdin remained in the dark , crying and lamenting .
as soon as his eyes could bear the light he went home , but fainted on the threshold .
he then asked for some food .
Aladdin bade her keep her cotton , for he would sell the lamp instead .
instantly a hideous genie appeared , and asked what she would have .
so they sat at breakfast till it was dinner-time , and Aladdin told his mother about the lamp .
she begged him to sell it , and have nothing to do with devils .
he hid himself behind the door of the bath , and peeped through a chink .
he went home so changed that his mother was frightened .
she took these with her to please the Sultan , and set out , trusting in the lamp .
he , however , took no notice of her .
she went every day for a week , and stood in the same place .
she then told him of her son 's violent love for the Princess .
presently the Sultan came to wish his daughter good-morning .
she then confessed all , bidding him to ask the Vizier 's son if it were not so .
his wish was granted , and there was an end to feasting and rejoicing .
when the three months were over , Aladdin sent his mother to remind the Sultan of his promise .
the mother of Aladdin bowed low and went home , thinking all was lost .
Aladdin made them set out to the palace , two and two , followed by his mother .
but Aladdin first called the genie .
those who had played with him in his childhood knew him not , he had grown so handsome .
she was taken to the Princess , who saluted her and treated her with great honor .
she was charmed at the sight of Aladdin , who ran to receive her .
she told him that , having seen him , she willingly obeyed her father in this matter .
next day Aladdin invited the Sultan to see the palace .
there is only one thing that surprises me .
the Sultan was pleased , and sent for the best jewelers in the city .
he showed them the unfinished window , and bade them fit it up like the others .
Aladdin had won the hearts of the people by his gentle bearing .
as he passed through the town he heard people talking everywhere about a marvellous palace .
he determined to get hold of the lamp , and again plunge Aladdin into the deepest poverty .
unluckily , Aladdin had gone a-hunting for eight days , which gave the magician plenty of time .
the Princess , not knowing its value , laughingly bade the slave take it and make the exchange .
he snatched it and bade the slave take her choice , amid the jeers of the crowd .
the Vizier looked out too , and was lost in astonishment .
he was carried before the Sultan , who ordered the executioner to cut off his head .
the executioner made Aladdin kneel down , bandaged his eyes , and raised his scimitar to strike .
Aladdin now begged to know what he had done .
Aladdin was so amazed that he could not say a word .
his prayer was granted , and he went forth sadly from the Sultan 's presence .
he came to the banks of a river , and knelt down to say his prayers before throwing himself in .
the genie he had seen in the cave appeared , and asked his will .
he was awakened by the singing of the birds , and his heart was lighter .
she , however , treated him so harshly that he dared not live there altogether .
as she was dressing , one of her women looked out and saw Aladdin .
the Princess ran and opened the window , and at the noise she made Aladdin looked up .
he is for ever speaking ill of you but I only reply by my tears .
Aladdin comforted her , and left her for a while .
invite him to sup with you , and say you wish to taste the wine of his country .
on coming to the Princess the magician offered up a prayer for her health and prosperity .
the false Fatima , who wished for nothing better , consented , but kept his veil down for fear of discovery .
the genie gave such a loud and terrible shriek that the hall shook .
he is now in your palace disguised as the holy woman whom he murdered .
So saying , the genie disappeared .
but when the magician came near , Aladdin , seizing his dagger , pierced him to the heart .
after this Aladdin and his wife lived in peace .
THE TALE OF A YOUTH WHO SET OUT TO LEARN WHAT FEAR WAS
nothing makes me shudder .
after a few days he woke him at midnight , and bade him rise and climb into the tower and toll .
but the sexton remained motionless , so that the youth might think that it was a ghost .
the sexton 's wife waited a long time for her husband , but he never appeared .
the wife ran and found her husband who was lying groaning in a corner , with his leg broken .
she carried him down , and then hurried with loud protestations to the youth 's father .
he stood there in the night , like one who meant harm .
but at midnight it got so chill that in spite of the fire he couldn't keep warm .
but they sat there and did not move , and the fire caught their clothes .
but the dead men did not hear and let their rags go on burning .
then he sat down at his fire and fell asleep .
Many had already gone in , but so far none had ever come out again .
then they stretched out their claws .
some of them fled away , and the others he struck dead and threw them out into the pond below .
when he returned he blew up the sparks of the fire once more , and warmed himself .
then he looked around him and beheld in the corner a large bed .
then the King was astonished , but very glad , and asked how it had fared with him .
then he took the skulls , placed them on his lathe , and turned them till they were round .
he lay down and slept peacefully .
when it got late , six big men came in carrying a coffin .
they placed the coffin on the ground , and he approached it and took off the cover .
in it lay a dead man .
he felt his face , and it was cold as ice .
then the six men came and carried him out again .
the old man drew near him in order to watch closely , and his white beard hung right down .
the youth drew out the axe and let him go .
the old man led him back to the castle and showed him in a cellar three chests of gold .
at that moment twelve struck , and the spirit vanished , leaving the youth alone in the dark .
at last he reduced her to despair .
then he closed the door behind him and left her alone inside .
BEAUTY AND THE BEAST
but one day a most unexpected misfortune befell them .
not even a servant was to be seen ; there was no sign of life in the palace !
the merchant , in ecstacies with all he saw and heard , said to himself :
was it not enough that I allowed you to be in my palace and was kind to you ?
this is the way you show your gratitude , by stealing my flowers !
but the Beast 's anger was not lessened by this speech .
on no other condition will I have her .
see if any one of them is courageous enough , and loves you well enough to come and save your life .
you seem to be an honest man , so I will trust you to go home .
but the Beast answered that he could not go until next day .
he will also bring you back again when you come with your daughter a month hence .
but he reminded them that he had promised to go back .
Poor Beauty , much distressed , said to them :
who could have guessed that to ask for a rose in the middle of summer would cause so much misery ?
but as I did the mischief it is only just that I should suffer for it .
this evidently pleased the Beast .
beauty answered bravely that she was quite prepared to stay .
then turning to Beauty , he said :
they were greatly surprised at the riches it contained .
then Beauty began to cry , and wandered sadly back to her own room .
here you will be rewarded for all you have suffered elsewhere .
how can I set him free ?
I don't understand it .
but , after all , it was only a dream , so why should I trouble myself about it ?
so she got up and began to explore some of the many rooms of the palace .
but presently she heard the Beast coming , and wondered tremblingly if he meant to eat her up now .
then he got up to leave her , and said in his gruff voice :
beauty had quite ceased to be afraid of him .
now she knew that he was really gentle in spite of his ferocious looks and his dreadful voice .
so she answered that she was longing to see her home once more .
upon hearing this the Beast seemed sadly distressed , and cried miserably .
you will not need any chariot to bring you back .
good-night , Beauty .
then she went to bed , but could hardly sleep for joy .
where could she be ?
at any rate , for two months she need not decide , but could enjoy herself with her sisters .
beauty , you are only just in time to save his life .
see what happens when people do not keep their promises !
everything was just as before , and her birds were so glad to see her !
beauty , you only came just in time .
I was dying because I thought you had forgotten your promise .
but the one she already knew said to her companion :
par Madame de Villeneuve .
once upon a time there was a king who had many sons .
so he went into the first room .
he was determined to see , and went through the door into the fourth room .
so he went to her .
then she asked him what he had to do that day .
then the Prince went back into his room again , and began to hum and to sing .
toward evening the giant came home .
on the morning of the third day the giant again had to go into the wood with the goats .
so he set out on his way , and did exactly what the Master-maid had told him .
he went to the rocky wall , and took the club , and knocked on it .
next day the giant took him to the Master-maid .
so the giant lay down to sleep again , and slept for a long , long time .
then he began to move about a little again .
when he had slept again for many hours , he began to move and stretch himself .
but there was no one to give him an answer .
so at last the Master-maid had to yield , for he was so absolutely determined to do it .
and he took up the apple and bit a piece out of it .
she entered it and asked if she might be allowed to stay there .
the old crone did not like this either .
next morning the sheriff came traveling by there .
but scarcely had they sat down together before the Master-maid wanted to jump up again .
so he jumped up , and went to the chimney in one bound .
the next day the attorney came riding by the place where the Master-maid dwelt .
so he was on his feet in a moment , and out in the porch .
what a dance the attorney had that night !
he had never had such a waltz before , and he never wished to have such a dance again .
they were just setting out again , but now the horses were not able to draw the coach .
WHY THE SEA IS SALT
the poor one immediately thanked him , and promised this .
an old man with a long white beard was standing in the outhouse , chopping Yule logs .
so the man with the ham thanked the other for his good advice , and rapped at the door .
now the poor brother had both the money and the mill again .
he asked if it could make salt .
when he had gone a little way out to sea he took the mill on deck .
THE MASTER CAT ; OR , PUSS IN BOOTS
the partition was soon made .
they would soon have eaten up all the poor patrimony .
the poor young fellow was quite comfortless at having so poor a lot .
the Cat 's master did not build very much upon what he said .
the Marquis of Carabas did what the Cat advised him to , without knowing why or wherefore .
while he was washing the King passed by , and the Cat began to cry out :
this cunning Cat had hidden them under a great stone .
the King did not fail asking of the mowers to whom the meadow they were mowing belonged .
the ogre received him as civilly as an ogre could do , and made him sit down .
and at the same time he changed himself into a mouse , and began to run about the floor .
the Marquis gave his hand to the Princess , and followed the King , who went first .
FELICIA AND THE POT OF PINKS
as she leaned over them she noticed that they were very dry .
six maids of honor carried her train , and she leaned upon the arm of another .
so Felicia came forward and saluted the Queen timidly , but with so much grace that all were surprised .
she was afraid to take it until the Queen said :
the shepherdess threw herself at the Queen 's feet , and thanked her humbly for her gracious words .
the first thing she did when she reached her room was to throw the cabbage out of the window .
Felicia was in despair when she heard this , not knowing how she was to get them back .
it was one of them whom you threw out of your window yesterday .
she was interrupted at this moment by the arrival of a very handsome young man .
he wore a coat of green velvet fastened with emerald clasps , and had a crown of pinks on his head .
he knelt upon one knee and kissed the Queen 's hand .
and she embraced him joyfully .
then , turning to Felicia , she said :
and you see everything has come right , as I hoped it would .
how can I explain to you the cause of my hesitation ?
lastly , the Queen restored the hen and the cabbages to their natural forms , and left them all very contented .
par Madame la Comtesse d'Aulnoy .
and he began to be very vexed .
but the White Cat shook her head and sighed deeply in answer .
the next morning they started in the same chariot .
the Prince laid it upon the ground , and it got up at once and began to dance .
the youngest again mounted the wooden horse , and rode back at full speed to his beloved White Cat .
but when the Prince asked her how it was that she was so wise , she only said :
so the Prince kissed her little paw and set out .
seated in a gallery from which she could see his arrival , the White Cat waited for him .
so this year slipped away even more pleasantly than the preceding ones .
but she only gave him answers that told him nothing .
my father reigned over six kingdoms .
on the way they had to pass near an old castle belonging to the fairies .
the old fairy whistled twice , then she cried :
you see they grew upon fairy trees .
when he saw that I observed him he saluted me with great deference .
before he had time to defend himself my unhappy lover was swallowed up by the dragon .
he said that he had found something much rarer a white cat !
and then they set out together for the town .
when the courtiers saw them coming they hastened to tell the King .
however , he received them graciously , but found it impossible to choose between them .
then turning to his youngest son he said :
she saluted the King gracefully , while a murmur of admiration rose from all around .
par Madame la Comtesse d'Aulnoy .
after three days ' search , they found the hut .
the old woman returned in the night and knew by the tarnished thread what had happened in her absence .
the maiden could not rest for thinking of this .
at last she could bear it no longer , and resolved to seek help from the Prince .
the maiden thanked the bird heartily and went home , telling no one what she had heard .
the moon shone so brightly that they had no difficulty in seeing the marked trees .
carry with thee this magic ball .
but none could cure him .
after hearing this , the Prince wondered how he could get a message conveyed to Finland .
the swallows flew away , and the Prince rode on to the bridge .
there he waited , hoping to hear the song .
this done , fasten thy claws into the roots and rise with them to the surface .
so he mounted his horse and went to the bridge .
for one moment the water hissed in his ears , and then all was silent .
he then grasped them and rose to the surface , letting the water flow over the flower .
at last he saw it , and close by the large stone .
she was ten times more beautiful than before , and wore a magnificent pale yellow robe , sparkling with jewels .
she thanked him for having freed her from the cruel witch 's power , and willingly consented to marry him .
in this they drove to the palace .
Great was their delight and astonishment when the Prince entered , leading the beautiful maiden by the hand .
the wedding was at once celebrated and there was feasting and merry-making throughout the kingdom for six weeks .
have you forgotten the two poor maidens who helped you in your distress ?
must they spin gold flax for ever ?
have no pity on the old witch .
now these women were so awful to look on that whoever saw them was turned at once into stone .
you may imagine it was no easy adventure .
then the boy answered that he was not afraid , if only he knew the way .
but there are ways which they do not know , roads beyond the borders of the world .
and these roads have you to travel .
there in a blue cave of the ice he found the Three Gray Sisters , the oldest of living things .
then the boy slipped from behind them out of the cold cave into the air , and he laughed aloud .
there he alighted , and there he found the Three Fairies of the Garden .
THE SONG OF THE WESTERN FAIRIES
but he thrust the Terrible Head into his wallet , and flew away without looking behind .
the boy was very sorry for her and flew down and stood beside her .
and he thought her the most beautiful girl in the world .
and the stone beast is there on the sea-coast to this day .
now all the people rejoiced , because the wicked King should rule them no longer .
thus he was destroyed by his own cowardice and by chance , and thus the prophecy was fulfilled .
THE STORY OF PRETTY GOLDILOCKS
once upon a time there was a princess who was the prettiest creature in the world .
now one of her neighbors was a young king who was not married .
so he resolved to send an ambassador to ask her in marriage .
the King was very angry when he heard this .
one day when he was in despair he said to himself :
the King chanced to be passing the tower and recognized the voice of his former favorite .
Charming replied that he was perfectly willing to go , and would set out the very next day .
So saying , she sank down into the water again , leaving Charming greatly astonished at her politeness .
the raven perched upon a tree very joyfully .
when he arrived he thought everything he saw delightful and magnificent .
be quick and give me my blue satin embroidered dress , and comb out my golden hair .
all night Charming sighed and lamented .
and then he sighed again .
but Charming only gave him two little pats and said nothing , and very soon he fell asleep .
but what could I do ?
nevertheless , he does not cease to persecute me and to kill my subjects .
before long he saw Galifron coming .
and then he mounted his horse and rode off with Galifron 's head .
when he reached the city the people ran after him in crowds , crying :
the beautiful things will always remain beautiful , and the ugly things become lovely .
if one is young one never grows old , and if one is old one becomes young .
everyone he met on the way said :
Charming said nothing , but he was very sad .
Charming thanked her with all his heart , and joyfully hastened back to the town .
but Charming only answered :
however , little Frisk came to console him , and told him all the news .
so , without saying a word , she fetched it and stood it upon the Queen 's shelf .
now the water in this flask was what was used in the kingdom for getting rid of troublesome people .
then , putting a golden crown upon his head , and the royal mantle upon his shoulders , she said :
Charming , once more free and happy , fell at her feet and thanked her for her gracious words .
THE HISTORY OF WHITTINGTON
besides the crossness of the cook , Whittington had another difficulty to get over before he could be happy .
we must now follow Miss Puss to the coast of Africa .
the factor , who knew his business , took this opportunity to set forth the merits of Miss Puss .
he immediately put down Miss Puss , who killed a great number of them .
upon which he cried out with great earnestness , but not in the most poetical manner :
it is not our business to animadvert upon these lines ; we are not critics , but historians .
the merchant , however , made him come in , and ordered a chair to be set for him .
he also built Newgate for criminals , and gave liberally to St Bartholomew 's Hospital and other public charities .
what made you dress yourself all in white ?
she does not think me worthy of her consideration !
the monkey was called Grabugeon , and the little dog Tintin .
the poor Princess was terrified , she grew very pale and began to cry softly .
looking up at the Captain of the Guard with her beautiful eyes , she said gently :
alas ! it is not always kings and princes who are the happiest people in the world .
many of them wore golden collars with jewels , flowers , and ribbons .
I was once a king , and my kingdom was the most splendid in the world .
my subjects loved me , my neighbors envied and feared me .
I was respected by everyone , and it was said that no king ever deserved it more .
I cried .
so the Princess 's days passed very gaily while she waited for the happy time to come .
she went out hastily , leaving behind her a little coral casket set with emeralds .
Short as Miranda 's absence had been , it had seemed like a hundred years to the King of the Sheep .
after some time came the news that the King 's second daughter was going to be married .
so , with the same escort , she set out , and reached the palace as the marriage ceremony began .
so saying he put his crown on the Princess 's head and cried :
there lay her dear , kind sheep , silent and motionless , upon the pavement !
they all went abroad , but Little Thumb never told his brothers one syllable of what he knew .
they did so , and he brought them home by the very same way they came into the forest .
this gave them new life , for the poor people were almost famished .
the fagot-maker sent his wife immediately to the butcher 's .
when they had eaten , the woman said :
what are they now doing in the forest ?
he threatened to beat her if she did not hold her tongue .
she was half-drowned in tears , crying out :
she ran immediately to open the door , and said , hugging them :
upon this she hid them under the bed and went to open the door .
he sniffed about to the right and left , saying :
as he spoke these words he got up from the table and went directly to the bed .
with that he dragged them out from under the bed one by one .
he had already taken hold of one of them when his wife said to him :
and saying these words , without more ado , he cut the throats of all his seven daughters .
well pleased with what he had done , he went to bed again to his wife .
they stole down softly into the garden , and got over the wall .
she fainted away , for this is the first expedient almost all women find in such cases .
he was no less amazed than his wife at this frightful spectacle .
they took his advice , and got home presently .
Little Thumb came up to the Ogre , pulled off his boots gently and put them on his own legs .
the King promised him a great sum of money upon that condition .
in a town in Persia there dwelt two brothers , one named Cassim , the other Ali Baba .
he was afraid they were robbers , and climbed into a tree for safety .
when they came up to him and dismounted , he counted forty of them .
they unbridled their horses and tied them to trees .
at last the door opened again , and the Forty Thieves came out .
( @number@ ) sesame is a kind of grain .
he went in and the door shut behind him .
he bade her keep the secret , and he would go and bury the gold .
so she ran to the wife of Cassim and borrowed a measure .
Cassim left Ali Baba , meaning to be beforehand with him and get the treasure for himself .
he rose early next morning , and set out with ten mules loaded with great chests .
he soon found the place , and the door in the rock .
Ali Baba did his best to comfort her , and set out to the forest in search of Cassim .
the first thing he saw on entering the cave was his dead brother .
he drove the two asses laden with gold into his own yard , and led the other to Cassim 's house .
the door was opened by the slave Morgiana , whom he knew to be both brave and cunning .
Morgiana , meanwhile , sought an apothecary and asked him for some lozenges .
next day she went to live with Ali Baba , who gave Cassim 's shop to his eldest son .
two men must have known it ; we have killed one , we must now find the other .
then , well pleased , he bade farewell to Baba Mustapha and returned to the forest .
the thief , meantime , told his comrades of his discovery .
the Captain thanked him , and bade him show him the house he had marked .
he returned to the house , and Morgiana led him to his chamber .
meanwhile her lamp went out , and she had no more oil in the house .
Morgiana thanked him for his advice , took the oil pot , and went into the yard .
when it boiled she went and poured enough oil into every jar to stifle and kill the robber inside .
in a quarter of an hour the Captain of the robbers awoke , got up , and opened the window .
as all seemed quiet , he threw down some little pebbles which hit the jars .
Morgiana bade him look in the first jar and see if there was any oil .
seeing a man , he started back in terror .
he dressed himself carefully , and went into the town , where he took lodgings in an inn .
he went to give this order to Morgiana , who was much surprised .
he went in , and saw that nobody had been there since the Captain left it .
he brought away as much gold as he could carry , and returned to town .
then they all set out together on the way to the forest .
Hansel and Grettel heaped up brushwood till they had made a pile nearly the size of a small hill .
they heard the strokes of the axe , so they thought their father was quite near .
but Hansel comforted her .
they walked on through the night , and at daybreak reached their father 's house again .
but the father rejoiced , for his conscience had reproached him for leaving his children behind by themselves .
but his wife wouldn't listen to his arguments , and did nothing but scold and reproach him .
but the children were awake , and had heard the conversation .
at early dawn the woman came and made the children get up .
they received their bit of bread , but it was even smaller than the time before .
but Hansel gradually threw all his crumbs on the path .
and when its song was finished it flapped its wings and flew on in front of them .
Hansel and Grettel were so terrified that they let what they had in their hands fall .
( @number@ ) he was a vulgar boy !
so the best food was cooked for poor Hansel , but Grettel got nothing but crab-shells .
when four weeks had passed and Hansel still remained thin , she lost patience and determined to wait no longer .
she pushed Grettel out to the oven , from which fiery flames were already issuing .
then Hansel sprang like a bird out of a cage when the door is opened .
when they had wandered about for some hours they came to a big lake .
the duck swam toward them , and Hansel got on her back and bade his little sister sit beside him .
then they set off to run , and bounding into the room fell on their father 's neck .
thus all their troubles were ended , and they lived happily ever afterward .
my story is done .
the figure got up , looked at them kindly , but said nothing , and vanished into the wood .
one evening as they sat thus cosily together someone knocked at the door as though he desired admittance .
then the beast stretched himself in front of the fire , and growled quite happily and comfortably .
when they approached nearer they perceived a dwarf with a wizened face and a beard a yard long .
shortly after this Snow-white and Rose-red went out to get a dish of fish .
I can't appear like this before my own people .
their road led over a heath where huge boulders of rock lay scattered here and there .
immediately afterward they heard a sharp , piercing cry .
then he took a bag of precious stones and vanished under the rocks into his cave .
the girls were accustomed to his ingratitude , and went on their way and did their business in town .
I 'll give you all my treasure .
look at those beautiful precious stones lying there .
spare my life ! what pleasure would you get from a poor feeble little fellow like me ?
you won't feel me between your teeth .
now the Princess 's horse was called Falada , and could speak .
but Falada observed everything , and laid it all to heart .
in the meantime the real Princess was left standing below in the courtyard .
the youth 's name was Curdken , and the real bride was made to assist him in herding geese .
she carried her point , and the faithful Falada was doomed to die .
then she left the tower and drove the geese into a field .
Curdken loved to see it glitter in the sun , and wanted much to pull some hair out .
Curdken was very angry , and wouldn't speak to her .
so they herded the geese till evening and then went home .
the next morning , as they passed under the gate , the girl said :
then he followed her through the field , and hid himself behind a bush on the common .
but the old King stood outside at the stove chimney , and listened to her words .
they were both so disagreeable and so proud that there was no living with them .
the good woman , having drunk , said to her :
when this pretty girl came home her mother scolded her for staying so long at the fountain .
and in speaking these words there came out of her mouth two roses , two pearls , and two diamonds .
this was the first time she had ever called her child .
I suppose the silver tankard was brought purely for your ladyship , was it ?
so soon as her mother saw her coming she cried out :
if you had refused to help me I should have been certain that you were wicked .
I thank you for the kindness you have shown me , which has made me your friend for ever .
I have but one son whom I love very dearly , that is why he is called Prince Darling .
you know well he would still be unhappy .
the good King was quite satisfied with this promise ; and very soon afterward he died .
at the same time she put a little gold ring upon his finger .
So saying , the Fairy disappeared , leaving Prince Darling very much astonished .
instantly his ring pricked him sharply , as if it had been a pin .
he was very much surprised , and sat down in a corner of his room feeling quite ashamed of himself .
her name was Celia , and she was as good as she was beautiful .
his anger was terrible , and he vowed vengeance against whoever had helped her to escape .
it is time that I should fulfil my promise , and begin your punishment .
I condemn you to resemble the animals whose ways you have imitated .
you have made yourself like the lion by your anger , and like the wolf by your greediness .
the Fairy had scarcely finished speaking when Prince Darling saw to his horror that her words were fulfilled .
we may hate his faults , but let us pity him and hope for his restoration .
so poor Prince Darling was terribly hungry all day long , but he was very patient about it .
Touched with compassion , he said to himself :
so he laid his piece of bread in the girl 's hand , and saw her eat it up eagerly .
at the same moment a voice said :
one of his neighbors , a lady of quality , had two daughters who were perfect beauties .
nobody went to bed , but all passed the night in rallying and joking with each other .
as soon as they returned home , the marriage was concluded .
after several goings backward and forward she was forced to bring him the key .
blue Beard , having very attentively considered it , said to his wife ,
you were resolved to go into the closet , were you not ?
and sister Anne said :
and sister Anne answered :
then Blue Beard bawled out so loud that he made the whole house tremble .
then he poured wine down his throat till he came to himself again .
Trusty John made the King remain behind on the ship and await his return .
she took him by the hand and let him into the palace , for she was the lady 's maid .
she stepped on to the ship , and the King led her inside .
but Trusty John remained behind with the steersman , and ordered the ship to push off .
he ceased playing , and listened to what they were saying , for he understood their language .
but who 's to do that ?
but what 's the good ?
THE BRAVE LITTLE TAILOR
then he went on his way merrily , and being light and agile he never felt tired .
I 'm just on my way there .
the giant didn't know what to say , for he couldn't have believed it of the little fellow .
the bird , enchanted to be free , soared up into the sky , and flew away never to return .
I jumped over the tree because the huntsmen are shooting among the branches near us .
but the other officers resented the success of the little tailor , and wished him a thousand miles away .
so they resolved to go in a body to the King , and all to send in their papers .
then the little tailor jumped down .
still the King didn't want to give him the promised reward and made a third demand .
the little tailor summoned the huntsmen together , that they might see the prisoner with their own eyes .
a VOYAGE TO LILLIPUT
my father had a small estate in Nottinghamshire , and I was the third of four sons .
by this time the storm was much abated .
I was extremely tired , and with the heat of the weather I found myself much inclined to sleep .
when I woke , it was just daylight .
I could only look upward .
the sun began to grow hot , and the light hurt my eyes .
I heard a confused noise about me , but could see nothing except the sky .
there were legs and shoulders like mutton but smaller than the wings of a lark .
I ate them two or three at a mouthful , and took three loaves at a time .
they supplied me as fast as they could , with a thousand marks of wonder at my appetite .
I then made a sign that I wanted something to drink .
the relief from pain and hunger made me drowsy , and presently I fell asleep .
five hundred carpenters and engineers were immediately set to work to prepare the engine .
but the difficulty was to place me on it .
but the noise and astonishment of the people on seeing me rise and walk were inexpressible .
however , I have had him since many times in my hand , and therefore cannot be deceived .
his voice was shrill , but very clear .
his Imperial Majesty spoke often to me , and I answered ; but neither of us could understand a word .
but the colonel ordered six of them to be seized and delivered bound into my hands .
six hundred servants were appointed me , and three hundred tailors made me a suit of clothes .
I took up the two officers , and put them into my coat pockets .
I amused the Emperor one day in a very extraordinary manner .
I took nine sticks , and fixed them firmly in the ground in a square .
however , I would not trust to the strength of it any more in such dangerous enterprises .
the Man-Mountain shall not depart from our dominions without our license under the great seal .
the Empire of Blefuscu is an island parted from Lilliput only by a channel eight hundred yards wide .
the cable was about as thick as packthread , and the bars of the length and size of a knitting-needle .
meanwhile the enemy discharged several thousand arrows , many of which stuck in my hands and face .
thus the boldest part of my enterprise remained .
the Emperor and his whole Court stood on the shore awaiting me .
there were six ambassadors , with a train of about five hundred persons , all very magnificent .
his lordship did so ; and I remained alone , in great perplexity .
but in this , it soon appeared , I was deceived .
the Emperor of Blefuscu answered with many civil excuses .
he said that as for sending me bound , his brother knew it was impossible .
many other ceremonies took place at my departure .
@number@ @number@ but my heart leaped within me to see her English colors .
I put my cows and sheep into my coat pockets , and got on board with all my little cargo .
we arrived in England on the 13th of @date@ .
THE PRINCESS ON THE GLASS HILL
so the next oldest son was willing to show what he could do .
when he went home again his brothers laughed and asked how he had got on .
the King had this proclaimed in every church in the whole kingdom , and in many other kingdoms too .
but no one had anything to show .
one knight presented himself after the other , and none could show the apple .
but nothing was to be seen of him .
he took his horse two-thirds of the way up the hill , but then he turned back .
on the third day everything went just as on the former days .
so Cinderlad was forced to go to the King 's palace .
THE STORY OF PRINCE AHMED AND THE FAIRY PARIBANOU
there was a sultan , who had three sons and a niece .
Prince Houssain could not view this division without admiration .
here he passed for a jeweler .
Prince Ali accepted the merchant 's obliging offer , and presently afterward the crier passed by .
upon which Prince Ahmed told the crier he would give him forty purses if he cured the sick person .
they then sat down on the carpet , wished themselves with her , and were there in a moment .
the three Princes had nothing to say against the decision of the Sultan .
Prince Houssain would not honor the feast with his presence .
after these words the lady led Prince Ahmed into the hall .
I am the daughter of one of the most powerful and distinguished genies , and my name is Paribanou .
I could also charm you with my gardens , but we will let that alone till another time .
she appointed twenty gentlemen , well mounted and equipped , to attend him .
as it was not a great way to his father 's capital , Prince Ahmed soon arrived there .
don't you remember the promise you made to go and see him often ?
for several months he constantly paid his visits , always in a richer and finer equipage .
so he sent for a female magician , who was introduced by a back door into his apartment .
then he went back to his father 's palace .
in the meantime the two women carried the magician into a very fine apartment , richly furnished .
when she was laid down again the two women covered her up .
next day the Sultan did as the magician had advised him , and asked for the pavilion .
the Prince went back , and was very sad for fear of offending the Fairy .
you 'll see presently that I am in earnest .
but the Sultan was not yet satisfied .
but you must do one thing more for me , which will be every whit as agreeable to me .
Prince Ahmed set out the next morning at the time appointed by the Fairy , and followed her directions exactly .
what arms can I make use of to reduce him to my will ?
his name is Ahmed ; he is son to the Sultan of the Indies .
here likewise the ushers , at the approach of Schaibar , abandoned their posts , and gave them free admittance .
THE HISTORY OF JACK THE GIANT-KILLER
the giant had done this for many years when Jack resolved to destroy him .
there he dug a pit twenty-two feet deep and twenty broad .
he covered the top over so as to make it look like solid ground .
Jack then returned home to cheer his friends with the news .
when they were black in the face he slid down the rope and stabbed them to the heart .
he then very politely gave them the keys of the castle , and went further on his journey to Wales .
as Jack had but little money , he went on as fast as possible .
at length he came to a handsome house .
Jack took off his clothes quickly , but though he was weary he could not go to sleep .
on this the giant seized his club and laid about him most unmercifully .
the castle vanished away like smoke , and the head of the giant Galligantus was then sent to King Arthur .
Jack then went up to the King , and gave his Majesty an account of all his fierce battles .
THE BLACK BULL OF NORROWAY
Sudden the tapers cease to burn , The minstrels cease to play .
In Norroway , langsyne , there lived a certain lady , and she had three dochters .
the second day she did the same , and saw nocht .
on the third day she looked again , and saw a coach-and-six coming along the road .
she ran in and telled the auld wife what she saw .
Sae they took her into the coach , and galloped aff .
she did sae ; and when she came back said she saw nocht .
the second day she did the same , and saw nocht .
Sae she did as he said , and was wonderfully refreshed .
they lifted her down and took her in , and sent the bull to the field for the night .
they lifted her down , took her in , and sent the bull to the field for the night .
the lee-lang night ther damosel sabbed and sang :
he heard , and turned to her .
and he caused the auld washerwife and her dochter to be burned .
so the young man set out to seek his fortune .
and he gaed into the castle for shelter , and there he saw an auld wife sitting beside the kitchen fire .
the monster soon found the poor young man , and pulled him from his hole .
he soon came to the Etin 's castle , where he knocked , and was admitted .
the monster soon came in , saying :
he quickly espied the young man , and bade him come forth on the floor .
when the Etin found this he knew that his power was gone .
the young man then took up the axe and hewed off the monster 's three heads .
DR . WILLIAM T HORNADAY
I HAPPY JACK DROPS A NUT
STRIPED CHIPMUNK Is KEPT VERY BUSY
HAPPY JACK AND CHATTERER FEEL FOOLISH
V HAPPY JACK SUSPECTS STRIPED CHIPMUNK
HAPPY JACK SPIES ON STRIPED CHIPMUNK
STRIPED CHIPMUNK HAS FUN WITH HAPPY JACK
HAPPY JACK TURNS BURGLAR
HAPPY JACK SQUIRREL'S SAD MISTAKE
x . STRIPED CHIPMUNK'S HAPPY THOUGHT
STRIPED CHIPMUNK'S THANKSGIVING DINNER
HAPPY JACK DOES SOME THINKING
HAPPY JACK GETS A WARNING
HAPPY JACK'S RUN FOR LIFE
WHO SAVED HAPPY JACK SQUIRREL ?
HAPPY JACK MISSES FARMER BROWN'S BOY
TOMMY TIT BRINGS NEWS
HAPPY JACK DECIDES TO MAKE A CALL
TOMMY TIT AND HAPPY JACK PAY A VISIT
WHAT WAS THE MATTER WITH FARMER BROWN'S BOY ?
HAPPY JACK SQUIRREL GROWS VERY BOLD
HAPPY JACK DARES TOMMY TIT
SAMMY JAY IS QUITE UPSET
a DREAM COMES TRUE
HAPPY JACK HAS A HAPPY THOUGHT
FARMER BROWN'S BOY WAKES WITH A START
HAPPY JACK IS AFRAID TO GO HOME
HAPPY JACK FINDS A NEW HOME
FARMER BROWN'S BOY TAKES A PRISONER
a PRISONER WITHOUT FEAR
WHAT FARMER BROWN'S BOY DID WITH SHADOW
HAPPY JACK IS PERFECTLY HAPPY
SAMMY JAY UPSETS HAPPY JACK
happy Jack tried every trick he knew to get away from Shadow the Weasel
it wasn't long before Shadow began to receive many visitors
HAPPY JACK DROPS A NUT
save a little every day , And for the future put away .
happy Jack Squirrel sat on the tip of one of the highest branches of a big hickory tree .
happy Jack was up very early that morning .
you see , Happy Jack had found that big hickory tree just loaded with nuts all ripe and ready to gather .
happy Jack stopped humming and listened .
he knew that voice .
happy Jack frowned .
he does not love his cousin Chatterer anyway , and then there was the big tree full of hickory nuts !
he didn't want Chatterer to find that .
I am afraid that Happy Jack was selfish .
happy Jack sat perfectly still and watched .
he didn't move so much as the tip of his big gray tail .
happy Jack smiled as Chatterer came running under the tree without once looking up .
of course he dropped it .
where do you think it went ?
then he looked up to see where it had come from .
of course , he looked straight up at Happy Jack .
it was such a sad , sad sight , for you know they were cousins .
to do our bit like soldiers true It 's up to me and up to you .
two angry little people were making a dreadful noise in the Green Forest .
you see they were quarreling .
yes , Sir , they were quarreling , and it wasn't at all nice to see or nice to hear .
you know who they were .
you see Happy Jack was greedy and wanted all of them himself .
now Chatterer the Red Squirrel has a sharp temper , and also he has sharp eyes .
without wasting any more time he started up the tree to get some .
now Happy Jack is ever so much bigger than his cousin Chatterer but he isn't as spry .
STRIPED CHIPMUNK IS KEPT VERY BUSY
I prefer big acorns but I never refuse little ones .
Striped Chipmunk is very thrifty .
he lives right on the edge of both and knows everybody , and everybody knows him .
but though he dearly loves to play , he never lets play interfere with work .
pretty soon he pricked up his funny little ears .
what was all that noise over in the Green Forest ?
Striped Chipmunk peeped out of the hollow log .
over in the top of a tall hickory tree a terrible fuss was going on .
Striped Chipmunk listened .
he heard angry voices , such angry voices !
he knew all about that tree .
no , Sir , there wasn't even one of the Merry Little Breezes up in the tree-tops .
it was all because Happy Jack was greedy .
Striped Chipmunk didn't stop to listen to the quarrel .
no , Sir-ee !
HAPPY JACK AND CHATTERER FEEL FOOLISH
happy Jack and Chatterer were out of breath .
so Happy Jack was the first to stop .
why , he gave such a jump of surprise that he nearly lost his balance .
not a nut was to be seen !
happy Jack blinked .
then , he rubbed his eyes and looked again .
he couldn't see a nut anywhere !
Chatterer saw the queer look on Happy Jack 's face , and he looked too .
now Chatterer the Red Squirrel had very quick wits , and he guessed right away what had happened .
like a little red flash , Chatterer started down the tree .
they hunted and hunted , but no nuts were to be found .
then they stopped and stared up at the top of the tall hickory tree .
Just then they heard some one laughing fit to kill himself .
it was Peter Rabbit .
HAPPY JACK SUSPECTS STRIPED CHIPMUNK
thrift is one test of true loyalty to your country .
happy Jack didn't look happy a bit .
indeed , Happy Jack looked very unhappy .
you see , he looked just as he felt .
worse still , he knew right down in his heart that it was his own fault .
he had been too greedy .
suddenly they saw something moving among the brown-and-yellow leaves on the ground .
happy Jack looked sharply , and then a sudden thought popped into his head .
but Striped Chipmunk looked back at him so innocently that Happy Jack didn't know just what to think .
HAPPY JACK SPIES ON STRIPED CHIPMUNK
Striped Chipmunk was whisking about among the brown-and-yellow leaves that covered the ground on the edge of the Green Forest .
anyway , Happy Jack Squirrel found it so .
you see , Happy Jack was spying on Striped Chipmunk .
yes , Sir , Happy Jack was spying .
it isn't a nice thing to do , not a bit nice .
but spying on Striped Chipmunk isn't the easiest thing in the world .
happy Jack was finding it the hardest work he had ever undertaken .
now I am not anywhere !
with the last words , Striped Chipmunk was nowhere to be seen .
it seemed as if the earth must have opened and swallowed him .
Happy Jack began to suspect that Striped Chipmunk was just having fun with him .
what else could he mean by saying such things ?
no , it couldn't be , it just couldn't be that Striped Chipmunk knew that he was anywhere about .
so Happy Jack waited and watched .
STRIPED CHIPMUNK HAS FUN WITH HAPPY JACK
thrift is the meat in the nut of success .
Striped Chipmunk would shout in his shrillest voice :
you couldn't tell where he went to .
at least Happy Jack couldn't , and his eyes are sharper than yours or mine .
happy Jack was spying , you remember .
he was watching Striped Chipmunk without letting Striped Chipmunk know it .
at least he thought he was .
but really he wasn't .
those sharp twinkling eyes of Striped Chipmunk see everything .
and he is wide-awake .
really he was just having the best time ever fooling Happy Jack .
of course Happy Jack heard it and he grinned .
Striped Chipmunk scurried along , and now he took pains to always keep in sight .
happy Jack followed , hiding behind the trees .
pretty soon Striped Chipmunk picked up a plump acorn and put it in the pocket of his right cheek .
then he picked up another and put that in the pocket in his left cheek .
my , my , he was a funny sight !
pretty soon he saw an old stump which looked as if it must be hollow .
happy Jack didn't try to follow him .
HAPPY JACK TURNS BURGLAR
yet this is just what Happy Jack Squirrel was planning to do .
he tried very hard to make himself believe that it wouldn't be stealing .
of course they didn't , but he had made himself think they did .
happy Jack walked all around the old stump , and then he climbed up on top of it .
happy Jack sniffed and sniffed .
he could smell nuts and corn and other good things .
his eyes shone greedily .
soon the hole was big enough for him to get his head inside .
it was a storehouse , sure enough .
what a sight !
and then something happened .
HAPPY JACK SQUIRREL'S SAD MISTAKE
a Squirrel always is thrifty .
be as wise as a Squirrel .
can you guess why ?
I 'll tell you .
it was because he was being pulled out .
yes , Sir , Happy Jack Squirrel was being pulled out by his big , bushy tail .
happy Jack was more frightened than hurt .
and then , right inside Happy Jack didn't feel a bit good .
he had broken into somebody 's storehouse to steal .
but Happy Jack had been careless .
it was so sudden and unexpected that Happy Jack yelled with fright .
so as fast as he could , Happy Jack backed out of the hole and whirled around .
of course he expected to face a very angry little Chipmunk .
but he didn't .
no , Sir , he didn't .
and Chatterer was angry !
for a minute he couldn't find his voice , because his anger fairly choked him .
and what do you think Happy Jack did ?
STRIPED CHIPMUNK'S HAPPY THOUGHT
thrift will win ; it cannot lose .
Striped Chipmunk sat on a mossy old log , laughing until his sides ached .
Ho , ho , ho !
oh , dear !
oh , dear !
he had known that Happy Jack was following him so as to find out where his storehouse was .
and that is just what happened .
then Striped Chipmunk had hidden himself where he could see all that happened .
he had seen Chatterer come up , fly into a rage , and pull Happy Jack out by the tail .
indeed , he had had to clap both hands over his mouth to keep from laughing out loud .
so he sat on the mossy old log and laughed and laughed and laughed .
finally Striped Chipmunk wiped the tears from his eyes and jumped up .
of course he couldn't have it at his own house .
that wouldn't do at all .
in the first place , the doorway would be altogether too small for Happy Jack .
STRIPED CHIPMUNK'S THANKSGIVING DINNER
Striped Chipmunk jumped out of bed very early Thanksgiving morning .
it was going to be a very busy day .
he washed his face and hands , brushed his hair , and ate his breakfast .
and as he scurried along , he sang a little song .
for in my storehouse on this day Are piles of good things hid away .
they didn't see each other until just as they reached Striped Chipmunk 's smooth , mossy log .
then they stopped and scowled .
on the smooth , mossy log was a great pile of shining yellow corn .
there was another pile of plump ripe acorns , and three little piles of dainty looking brown seeds .
but the thing that Happy Jack couldn't keep his eyes off was right in the middle .
it was a huge pile of big , fat hickory nuts .
later Sammy Jay came along , and nothing would excuse him from sharing in the feast , too .
HAPPY JACK DOES SOME THINKING
to call another a thief doesn't make him one .
happy Jack sat up in a chestnut tree , and his face was very sober .
the fact is , Happy Jack was doing some very hard thinking .
this is so very unusual for him that Sammy Jay stopped to ask if he was sick .
what was he thinking about ?
hereafter I 'll mind my own business .
Happy Jack grinned as he answered :
it makes one cross and ugly , and it drives one 's friends away .
HAPPY JACK GETS A WARNING
it isn't what you know that counts So much as what it is to you .
but they never did .
happy Jack knew all about these big hungry neighbors , and he was always on the watch for them .
he knew their ways and just where they would be likely to hide .
so Happy Jack didn't do much worrying about them .
having nuts stored away , he would have been perfectly happy but for one thing .
and this worried him .
yes , Sir , it worried Happy Jack .
he sometimes actually wished that he wasn't as fat as he was .
then he would be less tempting to his hungry neighbors .
Reddy looked up and showed his teeth angrily .
happy Jack turned quite pale .
Tommy Tit nodded as if he would nod his head off .
that was good advice , but it was too late .
HAPPY JACK'S RUN FOR LIFE
it isn't cowardly to run away when it is quite useless to stay and fight .
but Tommy didn't mind that threat .
oh , my , no !
Tommy didn't mind it at all .
but he was terribly afraid for Happy Jack .
it didn't worry him at all that Happy Jack was so far ahead that he was out of sight .
he knew that he could trust his nose to follow the scent of Happy Jack .
and this is just what Happy Jack did do .
but he couldn't rest much .
he was too terribly frightened .
once more Happy Jack ran , and somehow he felt terribly helpless and hopeless .
Poor Happy Jack !
now he was too tired to run much farther .
the last little bit of hope left Happy Jack 's heart .
WHO SAVED HAPPY JACK SQUIRREL ?
some say that Tommy Tit the Chickadee deserves all the credit , and some say that but wait .
let me tell you just what happened , and then perhaps you can decide for yourself who saved Happy Jack .
come here quick , Happy Jack !
a wee bit of hope sprang up in Happy Jack 's heart .
he couldn't imagine what possible help Tommy Tit could be , but he would go see .
presently he saw Tommy just ahead of him flying about in great excitement .
go to him !
go to him , Happy Jack !
for just a second Happy Jack didn't know what he meant .
happy Jack hesitated .
he couldn't quite trust him .
so now he hesitated .
then he looked back .
Shadow the Weasel was only a few jumps behind him , and his little eyes glowed red and savage .
Farmer Brown 's boy might not hurt him , but Shadow certainly would .
Shadow would kill him .
now he saw him for the first time and stopped short , snarling and spitting .
HAPPY JACK MISSES FARMER BROWN'S BOY
one and one are always two , And two and two are four .
go ask Happy Jack Squirrel .
he knows .
he knows because he has proved it .
it began when Farmer Brown 's boy saved him from Shadow the Weasel .
after that , of course , Happy Jack and Farmer Brown 's boy became great friends .
he couldn't quite get over that old fear he had had so long .
pretty soon Happy Jack began to love Farmer Brown 's boy a little .
he couldn't help it .
he just had to love any one who was so kind and gentle to him .
he waited and waited .
happy Jack forgot to frisk about the way he usually does .
he lost his appetite .
he just sat around and moped .
everybody who really knows him is fond of him .
I 'm glad you 've found it out for yourself .
TOMMY TIT BRINGS NEWS
no one knows too much , but many know too little .
happy Jack very plainly was not happy .
his name was the only happy thing about him .
he fussed about on the edge of the Green Forest .
he just couldn't keep still .
Tommy nodded .
happy Jack fairly shouted the question .
happy Jack grew very sober .
Tommy Tit smoothed out some rumpled feathers and was most provokingly slow about it .
Tommy looked very indignant .
that pig of a Sammy Jay had managed to get it untied and had carried it all away .
of course that made me angry , and twice as hungry as before .
HAPPY JACK DECIDES TO MAKE A CALL
you 'll find when all is said and done Two heads are better far than one .
happy Jack Squirrel hadn't slept very well .
he had had bad dreams .
the fact is , he had something on his mind .
he often had had Farmer Brown 's boy on his mind before , but in a very different way .
then everybody had Farmer Brown 's boy on their minds most of the time .
happy Jack had hated him then , hated him because he had feared him .
you know fear almost always leads to hate .
but now it was different .
Farmer Brown 's boy had put away his terrible gun .
happy Jack no longer feared him .
it was this that was on Happy Jack 's mind and had given him such a bad night .
as soon as it was daylight , Happy Jack scrambled out of bed to look for Tommy Tit .
he didn't have long to wait , for Tommy is quite as early a riser as Happy Jack .
the very sound of Tommy 's voice made Happy Jack feel better .
one must feel very badly indeed not to be a little more cheerful when Tommy Tit is about .
happy Jack looked a little startled .
then you can look right in and see Farmer Brown 's boy , and he can look out and see you .
happy Jack thought very hard for a few minutes .
then he made up his mind .
TOMMY TIT AND HAPPY JACK PAY A VISIT
great things were happening to Happy Jack Squirrel .
this may be true , and then again it may not .
wouldn't you think that great things were happening to you ?
he was back in a few minutes .
with that Tommy flew across to the tree close by the house .
happy Jack scrambled up on the old stone wall and looked this way and looked that way .
he couldn't see a thing to be afraid of .
he jumped down and ran a few steps .
then his heart failed , and he scampered back to the old stone wall in a panic .
I will !
the sight of them made Happy Jack 's mouth water .
a long branch hung down over the window and almost touched the sill .
somehow it seemed very dangerous to go so close to that window .
he was lying down all covered over except his head .
Happy Jack didn't need to be told that , and a great pity filled his heart .
he wanted to do something for Farmer Brown 's boy .
WHAT WAS THE MATTER WITH FARMER BROWN'S BOY ?
he who climbs the highest has the farthest to fall , but often it is worth the risk .
happy Jack couldn't see very well , but somehow that head didn't look just right .
I will be around for you at the same time .
the truth is , he was still a little afraid .
it was .
they found things just as they had been the day before .
they saw Farmer Brown 's boy , but he didn't see them .
they didn't stop to think that there was nothing to fear because there was the window between .
somehow they couldn't understand that queer stuff that they could see through but which shut them out .
he wasn't wholly over his scare of the day before .
it took him some time to make up his mind to go , but finally he did .
this time when they reached the tree close by the house , they found a great surprise awaiting them .
Farmer Brown 's boy was sitting just inside the window , looking out .
it looked like Farmer Brown 's boy , and yet it didn't .
happy Jack stared at him very hard .
he didn't smile at all but made up an awful face instead and clapped both hands to his cheeks .
then they were glad too .
but what was the matter with Farmer Brown 's boy ?
happy Jack puzzled over it all the rest of the day , and then gave it up .
HAPPY JACK SQUIRREL GROWS VERY BOLD
often it is very helpful Just to feel a friend is near .
each day Farmer Brown 's boy looked more and more like himself .
his cheeks stuck out less and less , and finally did not stick out at all .
and now he smiled at Happy Jack with his mouth as well as with his eyes .
one morning he got a surprise .
there were no nuts on the sill !
it didn't look just right .
Farmer Brown 's boy came to the window and called to him .
his mouth watered right away .
there might be something wrong with the window , but certainly the sill was all right .
it would do no harm to go that far .
so Happy Jack nimbly jumped across to the window-sill .
then he sat up on the sill to eat it .
my , but it was good !
it was just as good as it had looked .
when he had finished that nut , he wanted another .
but now Farmer Brown 's boy had drawn his hand inside the window .
then he would be a prisoner .
so he sat up and begged .
he knew that Farmer Brown 's boy knew what he wanted .
but Farmer Brown 's boy kept his hand just where it was .
hurry up , because I can't stand here all day .
of course Happy Jack couldn't understand what he said .
so at last he screwed up his courage and put his head inside .
Farmer Brown 's boy laughed , and putting the rest of the nuts outside , he closed the window .
he felt all puffed up with pride .
HAPPY JACK DARES TOMMY TIT
somehow Happy Jack 's day had been spoiled .
he couldn't help feeling quite puffed up about it .
that was what had spoiled the day for Happy Jack .
it made him feel quite put out .
but he was doing his best to call Farmer Brown 's boy .
you see , there wasn't a single nut on the window-sill , and the window was closed .
pretty soon Farmer Brown 's boy came to the window and opened it .
but he didn't put out any nuts .
this was the chance Happy Jack wanted to try the plan he had thought of the night before .
he hoped that Tommy would be afraid .
but Tommy wasn't anything of the kind .
twice he started and turned back .
then he heard Tommy Tit chuckle .
that was too much .
he wouldn't be laughed at .
he just wouldn't .
this was a little more than Tommy Tit could make up his mind to do .
of course , this made Happy Jack feel good all over .
you see , he felt that now he really did have something to boast about .
happy Jack swelled himself out at the thought .
SAMMY JAY IS QUITE UPSET
very few people can be all puffed up with pride without showing it .
happy Jack Squirrel couldn't .
when he thought no one was looking , he would actually strut .
and it was all because he considered himself a very bold fellow .
that was a new feeling for Happy Jack .
but now he felt that he dared do a thing that not one of them dared do .
he felt that he was a tremendously brave fellow .
you see , he quite forgot one thing .
it is never brave to do a thing that you are not afraid to do .
of course , it wasn't long before others began to notice Happy Jack 's pride .
one of the first was Sammy Jay .
there is very little that escapes Sammy Jay 's sharp eyes .
silently stealing through the Green Forest early one morning , he surprised Happy Jack strutting .
what are you talking about ?
if I was as timid as you are , I wouldn't ever talk about bravery to other people .
happy Jack started right away for Farmer Brown 's house , and Sammy followed .
he had been there many times .
Sammy was a little surprised when he saw Happy Jack jump over on to the window-sill .
Sammy Jay chuckled .
when Sammy saw Happy Jack disappear inside he gave a little gasp .
a DREAM COMES TRUE
what are all our dreams made up of That they often are so queer ?
Wishes , hopes , and fond desires All mixed up with foolish fears .
one of Happy Jack 's did .
it came true , and it made a great difference in Happy Jack 's life .
happy Jack had had so many things to think of that he had almost forgotten about Shadow the Weasel .
but one night Happy Jack had a bad dream .
yes , Sir , it was a very bad dream .
happy Jack opened his mouth to scream , and awoke .
he was all ashake with fright .
but all the time he kept thinking of that dreadful dream .
a little spot of black moving against the white snow caught his sharp eyes .
what was it ?
ah , now he could see !
if it hadn't been for that , Happy Jack very likely wouldn't have seen him at all .
he was hunting .
there was no doubt about that .
he was hunting for his breakfast .
happy Jack 's eyes grew wide with fear .
would Shadow find his tracks ?
otherwise he might have been caught right in his own bed .
happy Jack waited to see no more .
HAPPY JACK HAS A HAPPY THOUGHT
who runs when danger comes his way Will live to run some other day .
but now it was too early in the morning for him to expect to meet Farmer Brown 's boy .
now most of us are creatures of habit .
that is why good habits are such a blessing .
Happy Jack Squirrel is just like the rest of us .
he has habits , both good and bad .
right then a thought came to him .
it gave him a wee bit of hope , and seemed to help him run just a little faster .
he knew that it was his only chance .
no doubt he was .
he didn't stop to look to see if the way was clear .
there wasn't time for that .
Shadow the Weasel was surprised .
he had not dreamed that Happy Jack would come over here .
he fully expected to find Happy Jack huddled in a miserable little heap somewhere near the top .
he rubbed his angry little red eyes , and they grew angrier and redder than before .
there was no sign of Happy Jack .
he couldn't have reached the roof .
Shadow stared across at a window open about two inches .
but Happy Jack had .
he had gone inside that window .
FARMER BROWN'S BOY WAKES WITH A START
it was just so with Farmer Brown 's boy .
I suppose he wouldn't have been a real boy if it hadn't been so .
in two minutes he was dreaming just as if there were no such things as duties to be done .
for a while they were very pleasant dreams , very pleasant indeed .
but suddenly they changed .
a terrible monster was chasing him .
it had great red eyes as big as saucers , and sparks of fire flew from its mouth .
it had great claws as big as ice tongs , and it roared like a lion .
in his dream Farmer Brown 's boy was running with all his might .
then he tripped and fell , and somehow he couldn't get up again .
the terrible monster came nearer and nearer .
he was so frightened that he had lost his voice .
the terrible monster was right over him now and reached out one of his huge paws with the great claws .
one of them touched him on the cheek , and it burned like fire .
for a minute he couldn't think where he was .
a great light broke over Farmer Brown 's boy .
but what ails you ?
he went over to the window and looked out .
a movement in the big maple tree just outside caught his attention .
he saw a long , slim white form dart down the tree and disappear .
he knew who it was .
poor little chap , you 're all of a tremble .
I guess I know how you feel when a Weasel is after you .
I guess you feel just as I felt when I dreamed that that monster was after me .
HAPPY JACK IS AFRAID TO GO HOME
safety first is the best rule to insure a long life .
happy Jack didn't dare go home .
can you think of anything more dreadful than to be afraid to go to your own home ?
why , home is the dearest place in the world , and it should be the safest .
it often happens that way with the little people of the Green Meadows and the Green Forest .
it was that way with Happy Jack Squirrel now .
you see , Happy Jack knew that Shadow the Weasel is not one to give up easily .
Shadow has one very good trait , and that is persistence .
he is not easily discouraged .
when he sets out to do a thing , usually he does it .
if he starts to get a thing , usually he gets it .
no , he isn't easily discouraged .
happy Jack knows this .
no one knows it better .
so Happy Jack didn't dare to go home .
he had stayed in the room of Farmer Brown 's boy until Mrs Brown had come to make the bed .
then he had jumped out the window into the big maple tree .
he wasn't quite sure of Mrs Brown yet .
she had kindly eyes .
they were just like the eyes of Farmer Brown 's boy .
what shall I do ?
and that shows how easy it is to misunderstand people when we don't know all about their affairs .
the window had been closed , so he couldn't go inside .
but he didn't .
of course Happy Jack didn't know that .
Late that afternoon Farmer Brown 's boy , who had been at school all day , came whistling into the yard .
he noticed Happy Jack right away .
you back again !
then Farmer Brown 's boy noticed how forlorn Happy Jack looked .
he remembered Happy Jack 's fright that morning .
the poor little chap is afraid to go home .
we must see what we can do for him .
I wonder if he will stay if I make a new house for him .
HAPPY JACK FINDS A NEW HOME
he was afraid of the night which would soon come .
he was cold , and he was hungry .
even if he was afraid , there was comfort in having Farmer Brown 's boy near .
when he had fixed things to suit him , he went down the ladder and carried it away with him .
in the crotch of the tree he had left the queer thing that he had brought under his arm .
in spite of his fears , Happy Jack was curious .
on the shelf were some of the nuts that he liked best .
for a long time Happy Jack looked and looked .
was it a trap ?
somehow he couldn't believe that it was .
at last the sight of the nuts was too much for him .
it certainly was safe enough to help himself to those .
then he got up courage enough to peep inside .
the box was filled with soft hay .
it certainly did look inviting in there to a fellow who had no home and no place to go .
he put his head inside .
it was just as nice as it looked .
FARMER BROWN'S BOY TAKES A PRISONER
happy Jack Squirrel was happy once more .
happy Jack and Farmer Brown 's boy were getting to be greater friends than ever .
there he was sure to find a good breakfast of fat hickory nuts .
he thought this great fun .
several times she climbed up in the tree and tried to catch him .
it was almost like a game .
after a while she was content to sit at the foot of the tree and just glare at him .
happy Jack had only one worry now , and this didn't trouble him a great deal .
still , being so close to Farmer Brown 's boy gave Happy Jack a very comfortable feeling .
that decided him .
he felt sure that Shadow would come again , and he meant to give Shadow a surprise .
the very next morning Happy Jack saw Farmer Brown 's boy coming from the henhouse with something under his arm .
at first , all Happy Jack could make out was a kind of wire box .
then he saw something white inside , and it moved .
very suspiciously Happy Jack came nearer .
then his heart gave a great leap .
he was a prisoner !
right away Happy Jack was so excited that he acted as if he were crazy .
he no longer had a single thing to be afraid of .
do you wonder that he was excited ?
a PRISONER WITHOUT FEAR
a bad name is easy to get but hard to live down .
Shadow the Weasel was a prisoner .
for once he had been careless , and this was the result .
Farmer Brown 's boy had caught him in a trap .
he should have known that Farmer Brown 's boy would be sure to do something about it .
so he had no one to blame for his present difficulty but himself , and he knew it .
of course it hurt his pride terribly to be made fun of by those who always had feared him .
happy Jack Squirrel was the first one of these to see him .
perhaps he was crazy with joy .
he wanted everybody to know that Shadow was a prisoner at last .
at first he did not dare go very close to the cage .
but little by little Happy Jack grew bolder and came very close .
of course that isn't bravery at all , though many seem to think it is .
but they didn't .
that is where they were disappointed .
whatever his faults , Shadow is no coward .
WHAT FARMER BROWN'S BOY DID WITH SHADOW
some people have the gift of gab !
some people have no tongues at all To trip them up and make them fall .
it is because of his unruly tongue that Sammy Jay is forever getting into trouble .
it is the same way with Chatterer the Red Squirrel .
he was too wise to do that .
he just turned his back on them .
but these little people with the foolish tongues didn't stop to think of what might happen .
at first he had thought he would keep him in a cage the rest of his life .
then he thought that he would kill Shadow and put him out of his misery at once .
he was scowling down at Shadow one morning and puzzling over this when a happy idea came to him .
happy Jack watched him out of sight .
he was gone a long time , and when he did return , the cage was empty .
happy Jack blinked at the empty cage .
Farmer Brown 's boy just smiled and tossed a nut to Happy Jack .
it was well for Happy Jack 's peace of mind that he didn't know that .
HAPPY JACK IS PERFECTLY HAPPY
never say a thing is so Unless you absolutely know .
just remember every day To be quite sure of what you say .
taking things for granted doesn't do at all in this world .
now Happy Jack knew just what he would like to believe .
and because he wanted to believe that , it wasn't very hard to believe it .
there was the empty cage .
you see , he felt that he no longer had anything to worry about .
yes , Sir , Happy Jack was happy .
he would lazily open his eyes and wink one of them at Happy Jack and thump with his tail .
he seemed to feel that now Happy Jack was one of the family , just as he was .
so Happy Jack was just as happy as a fat Gray Squirrel with nothing to worry him could be .
he was so happy that Sammy Jay actually became jealous .
you know Sammy is a born trouble maker .
that is just the way with some folks ; they always are suspicious .
SAMMY JAY UPSETS HAPPY JACK
a good deed well done often is overlooked , but you never are allowed to forget a mistake .
he chuckled and he chuckled .
nothing like using my own eyes and my own ears .
the next morning Sammy Jay was astir at the very first sign of light .
then he headed straight for Farmer Brown 's house .
I haven't a thing to worry about .
of course I 'm happy , and I hope you 're just as happy as I am .
happy Jack looked flattered .
happy Jack scratched his head thoughtfully .
there were not many friends in winter .
Sammy shook his head .
again Sammy shook his head .
who was it ?
Shadow is no more dead than you are .
well , I must be going along .
THE ADVENTURES OF CHATTERER THE RED SQUIRREL
THE ADVENTURES OF REDDY FOX | | | | @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF JOHNNY CHUCK | | | | @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF PETER COTTONTAIL | | | | @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF UNC ' BILLY POSSUM | | | | @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF MR . MOCKER | | | | @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF JERRY MUSKRAT | | | | @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF DANNY MEADOW MOUSE | | | | @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF GRANDFATHER FROG | | | | @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF CHATTERER , THE RED SQUIRREL | | | | @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF SAMMY JAY | | | | @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF BUSTER BEAR | | | | @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF OLD MR . TOAD | | | | @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF PRICKLY PORKY | | | | @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF OLD MAN COYOTE | | | | @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF PADDY THE BEAVER | | | | @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF BOBBY COON | | | | @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF JIMMY SKUNK | | | | @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF BOB WHITE | | | | @number@
HAPPY JACK | | | | @number@
MRS PETER RABBIT | | | | @number@
frontispiece . see Page @number@ .
THE ADVENTURES OF CHATTERER THE RED SQUIRREL
BY THORNTON W BURGESS
BOSTON LITTLE , BROWN , AND COMPANY @number@
BY LITTLE , BROWN , AND COMPANY .
I CHATTERER THE RED SQUIRREL RUNS FOR HIS LIFE @number@
CHATTERER'S LAST CHANCE @number@
CHATTERER TELLS SAMMY JAY ABOUT SHADOW THE WEASEL @number@
CHATTERER LEAVES THE GREEN FOREST @number@
V CHATTERER FINDS A HOME @number@
PETER RABBIT LISTENS TO THE WRONG VOICE @number@
HOW CHATTERER HAD FOOLED PETER RABBIT @number@
CHATTERER GROWS CARELESS @number@
CHATTERER GROWS TOO CURIOUS @number@
x . OLD MR . TROUBLE GETS CHATTERER AT LAST @number@
WHAT HAPPENED NEXT TO CHATTERER @number@
CHATTERER IS SURE THAT THIS IS HIS LAST DAY @number@
CHATTERER IS PUT IN PRISON @number@
CHATTERER DECIDES TO LIVE @number@
FARMER BROWN'S BOY TRIES TO MAKE FRIENDS @number@
CHATTERER HAS A PLEASANT SURPRISE @number@
SAMMY JAY'S SHARP EYES @number@
CHATTERER IS MADE FUN OF @number@
PETER RABBIT TRIES TO HELP @number@
CHATTERER HAS ANOTHER GREAT SURPRISE @number@
CHATTERER HEARS THE SMALL VOICE @number@
TOMMY TIT MAKES GOOD HIS BOAST @number@
CHATTERER GROWS VERY , VERY BOLD @number@
SAMMY JAY ASKED SHARPLY @number@
ASKED PETER @number@
VERY CAUTIOUSLY CHATTERER PEEPED INSIDE THE HOLE @number@
SNARLED SHADOW @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF CHATTERER THE RED SQUIRREL
Chatterer the Red Squirrel had been scolding because there was no excitement .
it had been great fun to dance around and call Bobby names and make fun of him .
oh , yes , it had been great fun .
you see , he knew all the time that Bobby couldn't catch him if he should try .
but now things were different .
Chatterer had all the excitement that he wanted .
indeed , he had more than he wanted .
the truth is , Chatterer was running for his life , and he knew it .
Peter Rabbit knows all about it .
he has run for his life often .
but Chatterer the Red Squirrel was running without hope .
he didn't know where he was going .
I wish I had kept my tongue still .
Shadow the Weasel wouldn't have known where I was if he hadn't heard my voice .
oh , dear ! oh , dear me !
what can I do ?
now in his great fright Chatterer had run and jumped so hard that he was beginning to grow very tired .
presently he found that he must make a very long jump to reach the next tree .
so he took a long breath , ran swiftly along the branch , and leaped .
his hands just touched the tip of the nearest branch of the other tree .
he tried his very best to hold on , but he couldn't .
then down , down , down he fell .
that is , he saw something that might offer him a chance .
what was that big brown bunch ?
now old Redtail is one of Chatterer 's deadliest enemies .
you see , a very daring idea had come into his head .
shadow the Weasel stopped short .
then , like a flash , he dodged around to the other side of the tree .
he had no thought of Chatterer now .
things were changed all in an instant , quite changed .
Shadow dodged around the trunk of the tree .
Chatterer , watching from the spruce-tree , gave a great sigh of relief .
then he hurried .
Chatterer hurried through the Green Forest .
he didn't know just where he was going .
it made him have cold shivers all over every time he thought of Shadow .
Chatterer knew that voice without looking to see who was speaking .
everybody in the Green Forest knows that voice .
it was the voice of Sammy Jay .
Sammy looked as if he thought he hadn't heard right .
it must be something very serious to frighten Chatterer like that .
Sammy asked sharply .
Sammy asked sharply .
if he has come back to the Green Forest , folks ought to know it .
Sammy 's eyes sparkled when Chatterer told how he had pulled the tail of old Redtail .
then he suddenly grew grave .
Sammy Jay leaned over and looked at Chatterer sharply .
Chatterer looked a little confused , but he is very quick with his tongue , is Chatterer .
he thought now that if he could do something for Happy Jack , he would feel better about it .
IV CHATTERER LEAVES THE GREEN FOREST
Chatterer was in a peck of trouble .
yes , Sir , he was in a peck of trouble .
there was no doubt about it .
oh , dear !
if only I had kept my tongue still !
presently he came to the edge of the Green Forest .
he sat down to rest in the top of a tree where he could look off over the Green Meadows .
he could see the old stone wall that separates Farmer Brown 's cornfield from the Green Meadows .
but all that was in the past , and thinking about it wasn't going to help him now .
he had got to do something right away .
anyway , he would have a look .
so he hurried down from the tree and out along the old stone wall .
it really seemed as though he might find a snug home somewhere here .
then he remembered something that made his heart sink again .
no , the old stone wall wouldn't do .
Chatterer told him .
he felt that he had just got to tell some one .
Peter looked thoughtful .
he scratched his long left ear with his long right hind foot .
it seemed to him that he never would get there .
but of course he did .
they are asleep , and they 'll stay asleep until Mistress Spring arrives .
I can't understand it at all .
Peter shook his head in a puzzled way and continued to stare down the long empty hall .
of course he was talking about Johnny and Polly Chuck , who had gone to sleep for the winter .
that sleeping business always puzzles Peter .
it seems to him like a terrible waste of time .
you know he likes best to make his home in a tree .
he isn't like Striped Chipmunk , who lives in the ground .
he just couldn't see how he was going to live in the old stone wall .
he sat on top of a big stone to rest and think it over .
he was discouraged .
life didn't seem worth the living just then .
he felt as if his heart had gone way down to his toes .
Chatterer opened his mouth to tell Peter and then closed it with a snap .
he remembered just in time how hard it is for Peter to keep a secret .
Peter brightened up right away .
he didn't mean to be unfair .
oh , my , no !
Peter didn't mean to be unfair .
he was a little disappointed , was Peter , that Chatterer hadn't told him just where his new house was .
not that it really mattered ; he just wanted to know , that was all .
Peter stopped and looked back .
he couldn't see Chatterer now , because the bushes hid him .
and if he couldn't see Chatterer , why of course Chatterer couldn't see him .
it seemed as if two little voices were quarreling inside him .
it was louder than the first voice , and Peter liked the sound of it .
right near it was a thick little bush .
it seemed to Peter that it must have grown there just to give him a hiding place .
he crawled under it and lay very flat .
he could see along the old stone wall in both directions .
Chatterer was sitting just where he had left him .
he was looking in the direction that Peter had gone when he had said good-by .
Peter chuckled to himself .
a minute later he popped his head out for another look around and then disappeared again .
Peter chuckled to himself .
he was talking out loud , and Peter listened .
Chatterer whisked out of sight , and Peter hurried to get away .
you see he hadn't discovered Chatterer 's new house at all .
nobody in the Green Forest or on the Green Meadows trusts him .
Chatterer never does .
he is always suspicious .
you see , he knew all about Peter 's dreadful curiosity .
so he waited a little while and then went back to the place where Peter had left him .
when he grew tired , a new idea popped into his shrewd little head .
he popped out of the hole and sat up on the wall .
then he said aloud that verse which had made Peter 's ears burn so .
he had meant to make Peter 's ears burn .
when he had finished , he whisked out of sight again to give Peter a chance to get away .
but this time Chatterer did some peeking himself .
and he knew that this time Peter had gone for good .
and when he had made up his mind to do this , he felt better .
and all the time he hadn't found Chatterer 's new house at all .
some people never seem to learn that .
for a while it seemed as if he had .
but after a while , when nothing happened , Chatterer grew careless .
once inside , he would just give himself up to having a good time .
he raced about over the great pile of beautiful yellow corn and found the loveliest hiding places in it .
he got to feeling that it was his own and not Farmer Brown 's at all .
the more that feeling grew , the more careless Chatterer became .
then one morning Chatterer dropped a cob from which he had eaten all the corn .
and later well , then he forgot all about it .
now a corn-cob is a very simple thing .
Farmer Brown 's boy knew where there was a whole pile of them .
he added to that pile every day , after shelling enough corn for the biddies .
but some one with sharp teeth certainly has been in here .
it must be that I have left the door open some time , and a rat has slipped in .
I 'll just have to get after you , Mr Rat or Mr Mouse .
with that he went into the house .
everybody knows how curious Peter Rabbit is .
yes , Sir , they would have been surprised .
Chatterer had come over to the corn-crib as usual to get his daily supply of corn .
as usual , he had raced about over the great pile of yellow corn .
quite suddenly his sharp eyes spied something that they hadn't seen before .
it was down on the floor of the corn-crib quite near the door .
Chatterer was sure that it hadn't been there the day before .
it was a very queer looking thing , very queer indeed .
and then he spied another queer looking thing near it , only this was very much smaller .
what could they be ?
he looked at them suspiciously .
they looked harmless enough .
they didn't move .
still they didn't move .
he ran around on a little ledge where he could look right down on the queer things .
he was sure now that they were not alive .
Inside was something to eat .
the littlest thing was round and flat with funny bits of wire on top .
nevertheless he ran back to the pile of corn and tried to eat .
somehow he had lost his appetite .
he couldn't take his eyes off those two queer things down on the floor .
the nearer he got , the more harmless they looked .
finally he reached out and smelled of the smallest .
then he turned up his nose .
then he reached out a paw and touched it .
Just then he touched one of the little wires , and there was a sudden snap .
it frightened Chatterer so that he scurried away .
but he couldn't stay away .
that snap was such a funny thing , and it hadn't done any harm .
pretty soon he was back again , meddling with those little wires on top .
it was very scary and great fun .
x OLD MR TROUBLE GETS CHATTERER AT LAST
of course you have guessed what it was that Chatterer had been meddling with .
it was a mouse-trap , and he had sprung it without getting hurt .
Chatterer didn't know that it was a trap .
he ought to have known , but he didn't .
now that there was nothing more exciting about the mouse-trap , Chatterer turned his attention to the other queer thing .
he walked all around it and looked at it from every side .
it certainly was queer .
yes , Sir , it certainly was queer !
he put one paw out and touched it .
nothing happened .
he tried it again .
then he jumped right on top of it .
still nothing happened .
he tried his sharp teeth on it , but he couldn't bite it .
you see , it was made of stout wire .
Inside was something that looked good to eat .
it smelled good , too .
Chatterer began to wonder what it would taste like .
the more he wondered , the more he wanted to know .
he jumped down to the floor and ran all around the queer little wire house .
at each end was a sort of little wire hallway .
Chatterer stuck his head in one .
it seemed perfectly safe .
nothing happened .
he tried it again .
still nothing happened .
then he crept a little farther in .
right in front of him was a little round doorway with a little wire door .
Chatterer pushed the little door with his nose , and it opened a teeny , weeny bit .
he drew back suspiciously .
then he tried it again , and this time pushed the little door a little farther open .
with that he jumped down .
Chatterer looked up .
the little wire door had closed .
old Mr Trouble had got Chatterer at last .
yes , Sir , he certainly had got Chatterer this time .
you see , he couldn't open that little wire door from the inside .
he was in a trap the wire rat-trap set by Farmer Brown 's boy .
were you ever terribly , terribly frightened ?
that was the way Chatterer felt .
he was caught ; there was no doubt about it !
his sharp teeth were of no use at all on those hard wires .
he could look out between them , but he couldn't get out .
he was too frightened to think .
his heart pounded against his sides until it hurt .
what was going to happen to him now ?
what would Farmer Brown 's boy do to him when he found him there ?
what was that ?
it was a step just outside the door of the corn-crib .
Farmer Brown 's boy was coming !
Chatterer raced around his little wire prison and bit savagely at the hard wires .
but it was of no use , no use at all .
it only hurt his mouth cruelly .
well , well , you little red rascal , didn't you know that thieves come to no good end ?
Farmer Brown 's boy put the trap down on the ground and then began to call .
Chatterer 's heart , which had been thumping so , almost stopped beating with fright .
there was Black Pussy , whom he had so often teased and made fun of .
her yellow eyes had a hungry gleam as she walked around the trap and sniffed and sniffed .
never had Chatterer heard such a terrible sound as those hungry sniffs so close to him !
Black Pussy tried to put a paw between the wires , and Chatterer saw the great , cruel claws .
but Black Pussy couldn't get her paw between the wires .
then the door of the farmhouse closed and shut it all out .
but there wasn't any hope .
Chatterer was sure that he was to be given to Black Pussy for her breakfast .
Farmer Brown 's boy put the trap on a table .
it was the voice of Farmer Brown himself , who was eating his breakfast .
a gentle face with pitying eyes was bent above the trap .
Farmer Brown laughed a big , hearty laugh .
now all this time poor Chatterer was thinking that this surely was his last day .
that was the way with Chatterer .
of course he had had no business to steal corn from Farmer Brown 's corn-crib .
but it is just there that Chatterer went wrong .
right down deep in his heart Chatterer knew this .
if he hadn't known it , he wouldn't have been so sly in taking what he wanted .
Farmer Brown 's boy had left him in the trap in the house and had gone out .
he had with him a queer looking box .
poor little Chatterer !
nothing terrible had happened , after all .
at first , Chatterer just sulked in one corner .
he still felt sure that something terrible was going to happen .
Farmer Brown 's boy took the box out into the shed and put it where the sun shone into it .
very cautiously Chatterer peeped inside the hole .
Inside was a splendid hollow .
and there was a little pile of yellow corn .
you see , it was corn that had got him into all this trouble .
when he had examined everything , he knew that there was no way out .
Chatterer was in a prison , though that is not what Farmer Brown 's boy called it .
he said it was a cage .
illustration : very cautiously Chatterer peeped inside the hole .
he wouldn't touch that nice , yellow corn Farmer Brown 's boy had put in his prison for him .
he would starve himself to death .
yes , Sir , he would starve himself to death .
ever so many times Farmer Brown 's boy came to see him , and whistled and called softly to him .
but Chatterer didn't make a sound .
now it was about this time that Chatterer 's stomach began to make itself felt .
Chatterer tried not to notice it , but his stomach would be noticed , and Chatterer couldn't help himself .
his stomach was empty , and it kept telling him so .
it made him restless and uneasy .
he twisted and squirmed and turned .
he poked his head out of the little round doorway .
all was still and dark .
it was of no use !
there wasn't a single place where he could use his sharp teeth .
Just then he hit something with his foot , and it rolled .
he picked it up and then put it down again .
it was a nut , a plump hickory nut .
then he just had to taste a grain of corn .
somehow he felt ever so much better .
he didn't feel like starving to death now .
Chatterer had decided to live .
your enemies will be your friends .
if only you will do your part .
they feared him , and because they feared him , they hated him .
so whenever he came near , they ran away .
indeed , he hated him more than ever , if that were possible .
but Farmer Brown 's boy was very patient .
and he brought good things to eat .
it seemed as if he were all the time trying to think of some new treat for Chatterer .
he never came without bringing something .
then one day Farmer Brown 's boy didn't come at all .
Chatterer tried to make himself believe that he was glad .
but all the time he knew that it wasn't true .
it was the longest day since Chatterer had been a prisoner .
it was , and he had three great fat nuts which he dropped into Chatterer 's cage .
it seemed to Chatterer that he just couldn't wait for Farmer Brown 's boy to go away .
finally he darted forward and seized one .
then he scampered to the shelter of his hollow stump to eat it .
when it was finished , he just had to have another .
Farmer Brown 's boy was still watching , but somehow Chatterer didn't feel so much afraid .
this time he sat up on one of the little branches of the stump and ate it in plain sight .
Farmer Brown 's boy smiled , and it was a pleasant smile .
Chatterer the Red Squirrel , the mischief maker of the Green Forest , had never been more comfortable in his life .
no , he never had been so comfortable in all his life .
but he wasn't happy , not truly happy .
Chatterer didn't finish .
instead a great lump filled his throat .
he could hear Farmer Brown 's boy very busy about something in his cage .
after a long , long time , his little round doorway let in the light once more .
the door had been opened .
Chatterer came out at once .
then his sharp eyes discovered something else .
it was a queer looking thing made of wire at one end of his cage .
Chatterer looked at it with great suspicion .
could it be a new kind of trap ?
but what would a trap be doing there , when he was already a prisoner ?
he ate all the nuts , all the time watching this new , queer looking thing .
it seemed harmless enough .
he went a little nearer .
finally he hopped into it .
it moved .
of course that frightened him , and he started to run up .
but he didn't go up .
no , Sir , he didn't go up .
finally he had to stop , because he was out of breath and too tired to run another step .
when he stopped , the wheel stopped .
Little by little , Chatterer began to understand .
it was such a pleasant surprise !
he would race and race in it until he just had to stop for breath .
Farmer Brown 's boy looked on and laughed to see how much happier he had made Chatterer .
everybody knows that Sammy Jay has sharp eyes .
in fact , there are very few of the little forest people whose eyes are as sharp as Sammy 's .
that is because he uses them so much .
he is always looking .
now of course Chatterer the Red Squirrel couldn't disappear without being missed , particularly by Sammy Jay .
sure enough , Shadow was there .
Shadow looked up at Sammy , and anger blazed in his little , red eyes .
Sammy 's eyes sparkled with mischief .
he was sure that Shadow had not caught Chatterer .
he asked every one he met if they had seen Chatterer .
he peeked and peered into every hollow and hiding place he could think of .
at last he happened to think of Farmer Brown 's corn-crib .
could it be that Chatterer had moved over there or had come to some dreadful end there ?
very early the next morning , Sammy flew over to the corn-crib .
he looked it all over with his sharp eyes and listened for sounds of Chatterer inside .
Sammy hurried to look at it .
it was closed by a stout board nailed across it .
then Sammy knew that Farmer Brown 's boy had found it .
after that , he would fly through the Green Forest and over the Green Meadows to spread the sad news .
after a while , the door of the farmhouse opened , and Farmer Brown 's boy stepped out .
Sammy had his mouth open to scream , when his sharp eyes saw something queer .
it looked to Sammy as if something moved inside that box .
he forgot to scream and say the bad things he had planned to say .
he waited until Farmer Brown 's boy had gone to the barn .
then Sammy flew where he could look right into the queer box .
Ho , ho , ho !
but he couldn't stop very long to make fun of poor Chatterer .
you know he is a great gossip .
and this was such unusual news .
Sammy knew very well that no one would believe him .
he knew that they just couldn't believe that smart Mr Chatterer had really been caught .
and no one did believe it .
it bobbed up and then dropped out of sight again .
then it bobbed up again , only to drop out of sight just as quickly .
it made Chatterer angry just to see him .
so said Reddy Fox , knowing all the time that Chatterer couldn't take a walk with any one .
in fact , he didn't half hear the mean things Reddy Fox said to him .
you see , it was coming over him more and more that nothing could take the place of freedom .
Peter Rabbit is one of the kindest hearted little people of the Green Forest or the Green Meadows .
he is happy-go-lucky , and his dreadful curiosity is forever getting him into all kinds of trouble .
now of course Peter didn't know what kind of a prison Chatterer was in .
why shouldn't Prickly Porky do as much for Chatterer ?
he would go see him at once .
he is impulsive .
Peter 's heart sank .
he always was a nuisance .
no , Sir , I never did .
the rest of us can have some peace now .
Peter 's heart sank lower still .
some folks think my wits are pretty slow , but even I know better than that .
the fact is , Chatterer could have been truly happy but for one thing he was a prisoner .
he seemed to think that Chatterer was happy .
he just sat in a corner of his cage and looked as miserable as he felt .
he lost his appetite .
in vain Farmer Brown 's boy brought him the fattest nuts and other dainties .
he no longer cared to run in the new wire wheel which had given him so much pleasure at first .
Farmer Brown 's boy noticed it , and his face grew sober and thoughtful .
he knew that he was unhappy and guessed why .
he just didn't feel like it .
at last he crawled up and peeped out of his little round doorway .
Chatterer gave a little gasp and rubbed his eyes .
was he dreaming ?
he scrambled out in a hurry and peeped through the wires of his cage .
then he rubbed his eyes again and rushed over to the other side of the cage for another look .
his cage wasn't on the usual shelf at all !
he raced around the cage .
when he was too tired to run any more , he jumped out .
and right then he discovered something he hadn't noticed before .
the little door in the top of his cage was open !
Chatterer forgot that he was tired .
yes , Sir , Tommy was very busy , indeed .
it wasn't until he heard Chatterer 's claws on the trunk of the apple-tree that Tommy saw him at all .
Chatterer flirted his tail in the saucy way he has , and his eyes twinkled .
he could tell Tommy Tit how smart he had been smart enough to get away from Farmer Brown 's boy .
then he began again .
of course they couldn't .
tell the truth .
it was that little small voice that made Chatterer hesitate and stop .
the fact is , Tommy Tit , he left the door open purposely .
he let me go .
now I guess you know it .
I 'm wasting my time talking when there is such a lot to be done .
to be sure there were other voices , but they were not merry , nor were they cheery .
there was the voice of Sammy Jay , but it sounded peevish and discontented .
so every one who heard Tommy Tit 's cheery voice that cold winter morning just had to smile .
yes , Sir , they just had to smile , even Sammy Jay and Blacky the Crow .
they just couldn't help themselves .
it was Sammy Jay .
Tommy fairly bubbled over with joy .
he knew what it all meant .
he tickled all over and cut up all sorts of capers , just for pure joy .
finally he flew over to the maple-tree that grows close by Farmer Brown 's house .
in it was a cracked hickory nut .
I am afraid .
I 'm not afraid .
I am afraid .
his common sense told him that there was no reason in the world why he shouldn't be .
Tommy Tit went every day and took food from the hand of Farmer Brown 's boy .
but Tommy Tit himself didn't think it brave at all .
no , Sir , Tommy knew better .
you see , he has a great deal of common sense under the little black cap he wears .
he heard the door of Farmer Brown 's house slam and peeped out from the old stone wall .
then he stopped short .
it was true ; he was afraid .
this time it wasn't a voice inside .
it was Sammy Jay speaking .
I did it !
TO THE CHILD'S LOVING PLAYMATE , LOYAL PROTECTOR AND STAUNCH ALLY THE DOG , THIS BOOK IS DEDICATED
IV POOR BOWSER @number@
x HOW REDDY FOX INVESTIGATED @number@
over at the gate of Farmer Brown 's henyard he could see a dark form @number@
on broad wings it sailed over to that hollow stump @number@
OLD MAN COYOTE LEADS BOWSER AWAY
old Man Coyote is full of tricks .
people with such clever wits as his usually are full of tricks .
on the other hand Bowser the Hound isn't tricky at all .
he just goes straight ahead with the thing he has to do and does it in the most earnest way .
not being tricky himself , he sometimes forgets to watch out for tricks in others .
he always makes up his mind like that whenever he starts out to hunt .
you see he had just started out to get his dinner .
I 'll just teach that fellow a lesson ; that 's what I 'll do !
in fact , he took pains to leave a trail that Bowser could follow easily .
this was the kind of a hunt he loved .
instead of circling back as usual , he kept on .
Bowser kept on after him .
he didn't notice this .
he didn't even realize that he was getting tired .
Bowser was sure that this time he would catch this fellow who had fooled him so often before .
OLD MAN COYOTE PLAYS A TRICK
of people who play tricks beware , Lest they may get you in a snare .
you cannot trust them , so watch out Whenever one may be about .
there is such a thing as being too much interested in the thing you are doing .
that is the way accidents very often happen .
at that point there was a high , overhanging bank .
then he made another long leap to the big trunk of a fallen tree .
then he hid in a little thicket to see what would happen .
WHAT HAPPENED TO BOWSER
Bowser is wonderfully persistent .
Bowser didn't look to see where he was going .
he didn't care .
into Bowser 's voice crept a new note of eagerness as his nose picked up the scent stronger than ever .
Bowser didn't see that he was coming to a steep bank .
down , down he fell , and landed with a thump on the ice below .
he landed so hard that he broke the ice , and went through into the cold , black water .
Poor Bowser was having a terrible time .
he doesn't like to go in water anyway .
old Man Coyote grinned wickedly as he watched Bowser struggling feebly to climb out on the ice .
old Man Coyote grinned more wickedly than ever .
I suspect that he hoped that Bowser would not be able to get out .
but after a little Bowser did manage to crawl out , and stood on the ice , shivering shaking .
follow a crooked trail and you will find a scamp at the end .
he felt sure he would be able to find something to eat on the way .
but with Bowser it was very different .
Poor Bowser didn't know where he was .
for a few minutes he stood shivering , shaking and whimpering , not knowing which way to turn .
he limped badly because one leg had been hurt in his fall .
after a while he came to a place where he could get up on the bank .
which way should he turn ?
where should he go ?
do you wonder that he howled ?
again he grinned that wicked grin of his , and stopped to listen .
BOWSER SPENDS A BAD NIGHT
Bowser was lost , utterly lost .
but Bowser couldn't stand still for long .
he must keep moving until he found a shelter .
if he didn't he would freeze .
So whimpering and whining , Bowser limped along .
Bowser was not afraid to be out at night as some folks are .
goodness , no !
in fact , on many a moonlight night Bowser had hunted Reddy Fox or Granny Fox all night long .
you see , on those nights when he had hunted he always had known where he was .
he had known that at any time he could go straight home if he wanted to .
that made all the difference in the world .
it would have been bad enough , being lost this way , had he been feeling at his best .
being lost always makes one feel terribly lonesome .
Lonesomeness is one of the worst parts of the feeling of being lost .
he was wet , tired , lame and hungry .
then quite suddenly something big and dark loomed up in front of him .
it really wasn't as big as it seemed .
Bowser crept to the door .
it was closed .
Bowser sniffed and sniffed and his heart sank , for there was no scent of human beings .
then he knew that that little house was deserted and empty .
still he whined and scratched at the door .
Bowser crept in .
in one corner he found some hay , and in this he curled up .
it was cold , very cold , but not nearly as cold as outside that little house .
THE SURPRISE OF BLACKY THE CROW
at all seasons of the year Blacky the Crow is something of a traveler .
but in winter he is much more of a traveler than in summer .
you see , in winter it is not nearly so easy to pick up a living .
all of the feathered folks have to work and work hard to find food enough to keep them warm .
you know it is food that makes heat in the body .
so in the winter Blacky is in the habit of flying long distances in search of food .
he often goes some miles from the thick hemlock-tree in the Green Forest where he spends his nights .
you may see him starting out early in the morning and returning late in the afternoon .
now Blacky knew all about that river into which Bowser the Hound had fallen .
there was a certain place on that river where Jack Frost never did succeed in making ice .
sometimes things good to eat would be washed up along the edge of this open place .
Blacky visited it regularly .
he was on the way there now , flying low over the tree-tops .
presently he came to a little opening among the trees .
in the middle of it was a little house , a rough little house .
Blacky knew all about it .
it was a sugar camp .
all the rest of the year it was shut up .
every time he passed that way Blacky flew over it .
Blacky 's eyes are very sharp indeed , as everybody knows .
now , as he drew near , he noticed right away that the door was partly open .
it hadn't been that way the last time he passed .
for a long time he sat there as silent as the trees themselves .
nothing happened .
he began to grow tired .
rather , he began to grow so hungry that he became impatient .
Blacky waited a few minutes , then repeated his cry .
Blacky was so surprised that he nearly fell from his perch .
it certainly is .
BLACKY THE CROW TAKES PITY ON BOWSER
the worst of scamps in time of need Will often do a kindly deed .
you know Blacky is not used to friendly looks .
he had never been more surprised in his life .
in fact , he never thought much about Blacky at all .
presently Bowser limped out to the middle of the little clearing and turned first this way and then that way .
then he sat down and howled dismally .
in an instant Blacky the Crow understood ; Bowser was lost .
I never will be able to understand how anybody can get lost .
but it is easy enough to see that Bowser is lost and badly lost .
I wonder what 's happened to him .
what a helpless creature a lost dog is , anyway .
I suppose if he doesn't find a house pretty soon he will starve to death .
old Man Coyote wouldn't .
Reddy Fox wouldn't .
they would catch something to eat , no matter where they were .
HOW BLACKY THE CROW HELPED BOWSER
the blackest coat may cover the kindest heart .
then again , perhaps it isn't fair to Blacky to think that he might not have been willing .
even the most selfish people are sometimes kindly and unselfish .
Blacky knew just where the nearest house was .
Blacky makes it his business to know these things .
it is by knowing such things that Blacky manages to avoid danger .
so Blacky spread his black wings and disappeared over the tree-tops in the direction of the nearest farmhouse .
Bowser watched him disappear and whined sadly , for somehow it made him feel more lonesome than before .
but for one thing he would have gone back to his bed of hay in the corner of that sugar camp .
he just must get something to eat .
you see , he knew that Bowser would shortly come to a road .
Bowser did know enough to follow that road .
so with new hope in his heart , Bowser limped along .
OLD MAN COYOTE GIVES OUT DARK HINTS
he didn't have any trouble at all in finding his way back .
but even as it is , I don't think he will get back here in a hurry .
old Man Coyote grinned slyly .
that was enough to start Sammy Jay straight for Farmer Brown 's dooryard .
of course Bowser wasn't to be seen .
Sammy hung around and watched .
then there wasn't the slightest doubt in Sammy 's mind that something had happened to Bowser .
HOW REDDY FOX INVESTIGATED
he kept in the Black Shadows .
every two or three steps he stopped to look , listen , and test the air with his keen nose .
then he sat down where he could peek around from behind a tree and watch .
Reddy didn't run .
he knew that Farmer Brown 's boy would never dream that he would dare come so near .
besides , it was very clear that Farmer Brown 's boy was thinking of no one but Bowser .
he whistled and called just as he had done several times during the day .
but no Bowser came , so after a while Farmer Brown 's boy went back into the house .
there was a worried look on his face .
Reddy barked softly .
then he barked a little louder .
Bowser didn't appear .
Reddy grinned .
he was sure now that Bowser was nowhere about .
chuckling to himself , he turned and trotted towards Farmer Brown 's henhouse .
he knew for a certainty that Bowser the Hound was not at home .
he knew because he had finally crept up and peeped in the door of Bowser 's little house .
it was enough to know that he wasn't about .
you see , with Bowser gone , Reddy wasn't the least bit afraid .
Reddy 's mouth watered at the very thought .
Reddy sat down for a minute with his tongue hanging out and the water actually dripping from it .
but Reddy sat there only for a minute .
his heart gave a leap of joy as he saw that the gate was not quite closed .
all he would have to do would be to push it and enter .
Reddy turned the corner quickly .
his first thought was of Bowser .
it must be that Bowser had returned !
then he looked behind him .
over at the gate of Farmer Brown 's henyard he could see a dark form .
Reddy knew who it was .
THE CLEVERNESS OF OLD MAN COYOTE
who thinks the quickest and the best Is bound to win in every test .
there may be traps in there , for all I know .
inside , Reddy was fairly boiling with disappointment and anger .
he hated him , yet there wasn't a thing he could do about it .
all he could do was to sit there at a safe distance and watch .
the gate of the henyard was open two or three inches .
finally he turned and trotted away towards the Green Forest .
Reddy sat right where he was , so surprised that he couldn't even think .
THE MISCHIEVOUS LITTLE NIGHT BREEZE
he didn't waste any time in pushing open the henyard gate .
it didn't enter his head that there might be a trap inside .
old Man Coyote , watching from his hiding place , saw Reddy push the gate open and enter the henyard .
if he catches a chicken he won't stop to eat it there .
he won't dare to .
it was closed , but it wasn't fastened , as Reddy could tell by poking at it .
now Reddy had left the henyard gate ajar .
if he had pushed it wide open things might have been different .
but he didn't push it wide open .
he left it only halfway open .
there is nothing that a mischievous little Night Breeze enjoys more than making things move .
Reddy Fox was a prisoner !
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN BEING INSIDE AND OUTSIDE
sometimes happiness is inside and sometimes it is outside .
just take the case of Reddy Fox .
he had stolen inside of Farmer Brown 's henyard , leaving the gate halfway open .
as he worked he had been filled with great contentment and joy .
he knew that Bowser the Hound had disappeared .
at the click of the latch Reddy turned his head , and in a flash he saw what had happened .
all in an instant everything had changed for Reddy Fox .
fear and despair took the place of contentment and happy anticipations .
he was a prisoner inside that henyard .
frantically Reddy rushed over to the gate .
there wasn't even a crack through which he could thrust his sharp little nose .
there wasn't any hole .
he was caught , and that was all there was to it .
this saying is both true and terse : there 's nothing bad but might be worse .
he wouldn't have believed a word of it .
he would have said that he couldn't possibly have been worse off than he was .
he was a prisoner , and he couldn't possibly get out .
he knew that in the morning Farmer Brown 's boy would certainly discover him .
it couldn't be otherwise .
that is , it couldn't be otherwise as long as he remained in that henyard .
so , to Reddy 's way of thinking , things couldn't possibly have been worse .
but after a while , having nothing else to do , Reddy began to think .
the thought of the chicken dinner reminded him that inside the henhouse it was dark .
he had been inside that henhouse before , and he knew that there were boxes in there .
so he worked away and worked away , until at last there was a little crack .
he got his claws in the little crack and pulled and pulled .
the little crack became a little wider .
then it became wide enough for him to get his head half in .
he was inside at last !
WHY REDDY WENT WITHOUT A CHICKEN DINNER
can you imagine Reddy Fox with a chicken dinner right before him and not touching it ?
well , that is just what happened in Farmer Brown 's henhouse .
it wasn't because Reddy had no appetite .
he always is in winter .
yet here he was with a chicken dinner right before him , and he didn't touch it .
you see it was this way : Reddy 's wits were working very fast there in Farmer Brown 's henhouse .
he knew that he must make the most of that forlorn chance .
he knew that freedom is a thousand times better than a full stomach .
on one of the lower roosts sat a fat hen .
Reddy knew that with one quick spring she would be his .
if the henyard gate had been open , he would have wasted no time in making that one quick spring .
but the henyard gate , as you know , was closed fast .
it won't do , Reddy ; it won't do .
you can't afford to have the least little thing seem wrong in this henhouse .
so Reddy Fox spent the rest of the night curled up in the darkest corner , partly behind a box .
all the time his nose was filled with the smell of fat hens .
just think of what Reddy suffered .
but Reddy was far too wise to do anything of that kind .
everybody should be able to do it .
but it sometimes seems as if very many people cannot do it .
Reddy knew when morning came , although the henhouse was still dark .
Reddy shivered .
FARMER BROWN'S BOY DROPS A PAN OF CORN
hiding behind a box in the darkest corner of the henhouse , he hardly dared to breathe .
you see , he didn't want those hens to discover him .
Reddy had had experience with hens before .
this was the one thing that Reddy did not want .
his one chance to escape would be to take Farmer Brown 's boy entirely by surprise .
never had time dragged more slowly .
the hens were awake , and several of them flew down to the floor of the henhouse .
anyway , if they did see him , they took no notice of him .
finally he heard a distant door slam .
then he heard a whistle , a merry whistle .
it drew nearer and nearer ; Farmer Brown 's boy was coming to feed the hens .
Reddy tried to hold his breath .
suddenly the henhouse door was thrown open and Farmer Brown 's boy stepped inside .
in his hand he held a pan filled with the breakfast he had brought for the hens .
suddenly a box in the darkest corner of the henhouse moved .
it startled him so that he dropped the pan and spilled the corn all over the henhouse floor .
the wise Fox knows that with every chicken he steals he puts an increased price on his own skin .
would he find the henyard gate open ?
supposing Farmer Brown 's boy had closed it after he entered !
Reddy would then be a prisoner just as he had been all night , and all hope would end .
just imagine the relief that was his when he saw that the gate was open .
of course , he knew exactly how many there should be .
when he got through counting , not one was missing .
Farmer Brown 's boy was puzzled .
he counted them again .
then he counted them a third time .
he began to think there must be something wrong with his counting .
when two people are relieved at the same time , it is called mutual relief .
he guessed that this was the way by which Reddy had entered .
but this didn't explain matters at all .
he knew that the gate had been latched when he entered the henyard that morning .
how had Reddy managed to get into that henyard with that gate closed ?
to this day , Farmer Brown 's boy is still wondering .
WHERE WAS BOWSER THE HOUND ?
a good Hound never barks on a cold trail .
where was Bowser the Hound ?
that was the question which was puzzling all the little people who knew him .
also it was puzzling Farmer Brown 's boy and Farmer Brown and Mrs Brown .
I have said that it was puzzling all the little people who knew him .
old Man Coyote didn't know exactly where Bowser was , and he wasn't interested enough to think much about it .
he hoped that Bowser had been so badly lost that he never would return .
Blacky the Crow knew exactly where Bowser was , but he kept it to himself .
it pleases Blacky to have a secret which other people would give much to know .
Blacky is one of those people who can keep a secret .
he isn't at all like Peter Rabbit .
but he certainly has caused something to happen to Bowser .
no one had seen him .
it was very mysterious .
his cheery whistle was no longer heard , for he did not feel like whistling .
at last he quite gave up hope of ever again seeing Bowser .
of course Blacky knew exactly where the road would lead .
now Bowser did have sense .
of course he did .
the minute he found that road , a great load was taken from his mind .
he no longer felt wholly lost .
poor old Bowser !
he certainly was the picture of misery as he limped along that road .
his tail hung down as if he hadn't strength enough to hold it up .
his head also hung low .
he walked on three legs and limped with one of these .
Bowser lifted his head and sniffed long and hard .
what he smelled was smoke .
he knew what that meant .
with new hope and courage Bowser tried to hurry on .
presently around a turn of the road he saw a farmyard .
there his strength quite left him .
he didn't have enough left to even bark .
all he could do was whine .
two minutes later Bowser lay on a mat close by the kitchen stove .
BOWSER BECOMES A PRISONER
Bowser the Hound was a prisoner .
yes , Sir , Bowser was a sure-enough prisoner .
but there is a great difference in prisons .
Bowser was a prisoner of kindness .
it seems funny that kindness should ever make any one a prisoner , but it is so sometimes .
right away the people in that farmhouse knew what had happened to Bowser .
that is , they knew part of what had happened to him .
they knew that he had been lost and had somehow hurt one leg .
almost right away after eating Bowser went to sleep and slept and slept and slept .
it was the very best thing he could have done .
he didn't try very much .
so several days passed , and Bowser was beginning to feel more like himself .
the more he felt like himself , the more he wanted to go home .
so Bowser began to be uneasy .
we must keep him in the house or chained up .
perhaps some day we may be able to find his owner .
now that man knew dogs .
had Bowser had the chance , he would have done exactly what that man had said .
but he didn't get the chance to try .
when he was allowed to run out of doors it was always with some one to watch him .
FARMER BROWN'S BOY LOOKS IN VAIN
loyalty is priceless and Is neither sold nor bought .
he visited every place he could think of where he and Bowser had hunted together .
one day Farmer Brown 's boy heard that a strange dog had been found over in the next township .
that afternoon he drove over there , his heart filled with great hope .
they even came up around the henyard in broad daylight .
he did it without really thinking anything about it .
he had given up hope of finding Bowser , yet he was always looking for him .
for that matter , this is true of many of the little people who wear fur .
no one who knew it would ever mistake it for the voice of any other Hound .
it troubled Blacky .
yes , Sir , it actually troubled Blacky .
anyway , they don't give him a chance to try .
I wish Bowser would stop barking .
it makes me feel uncomfortable .
yes , Sir , it makes me feel uncomfortable .
BLACKY TRIES TO GET HELP
he is quite as timid as anybody I know of in the dark .
perhaps it isn't quite fair to say that Blacky is afraid of the dark .
old Man Coyote looked up at Blacky sharply .
Blacky is polite only when he wants to get something .
now Blacky the Crow is a very wise fellow .
this was a time for the latter .
old Man Coyote pricked up his ears and grinned .
he is homesick .
BLACKY CALLS ON REDDY FOX
old Man Coyote grinned .
it didn't take Blacky long to find Reddy Fox .
that red coat of yours is the handsomest coat I 've ever seen .
I 'm glad you 're not that way , Reddy .
that old black rascal has the smoothest tongue in the Green Forest .
I suppose I must admit I have a fine coat .
RED WITS AND BLACK WITS
he is crafty , is Blacky .
but these same things are true of Reddy Fox .
no one ever yet had a chance to accuse Reddy Fox of lacking in sharp wits .
Mistakes he makes , as everybody does , but Reddy 's wits are always keen and active .
it was red wits against black wits .
people with sharp wits always enjoy matching their wits against other sharp wits .
at this , just for an instant , Reddy 's eyes flew wide open .
then they half closed again until they were just two yellow slits .
but quickly as he closed them , Blacky had seen that startled surprise .
Reddy pretended not to hear this .
THE ARTFULNESS OF BLACKY
to be artful is to be very clever .
Blacky was smart enough not to let Reddy know that he was seeking Reddy 's help for Bowser .
he changed the subject very abruptly .
Reddy looked up and grinned .
Farmer Brown 's boy seems to be terribly suspicious .
I see them every day when I am flying over .
they certainly are fine-looking hens .
I don't think I 've ever seen fatter ones .
he just couldn't help it .
Blacky pretended not to hear this .
REDDY FOX DREAMS OF CHICKENS
it 's a poor watch-dog who sleeps with both eyes closed .
finally he disappeared .
Reddy looked very thoughtful .
he looked that way because he was thoughtful .
in fact , Reddy was doing a lot of hard thinking .
the more he thought of them , the hungrier he grew .
I wish I knew just where that farm is that that black rascal talked about .
I wonder if he has gone that way now .
but I 'm not sure .
that black rascal flies all over the country .
Reddy yawned , for he had been out all night , and he was sleepy .
he decided that the best thing he could do would be to get a good rest .
one must always be fit if one is to get on in this life .
so Reddy curled up to sleep .
it was a beautiful dream .
fat hens were all about him .
they were so fat that they could hardly walk .
there were no dogs to worry him .
there were no hunters with dreadful guns .
when he started for home the fat hens that were left started along with him .
REDDY TRIES TO AROUSE BLACKY'S PITY
early the next morning , just as on the morning before , Blacky stopped over by Reddy 's house .
this time Reddy was already home .
actually he was waiting for Blacky , though he wouldn't have had Blacky know it for the world .
Reddy raised his head as if it were all he could do to lift it .
Blacky looked at him sharply .
Reddy sighed .
it was a long , doleful sigh .
again Reddy sighed , and followed this with a second sigh and then a third sigh .
Blacky looked behind him so that Reddy might not see the twinkle in his eyes .
for Blacky understood perfectly what Reddy was trying to do .
Reddy wasn't fooling him a bit .
when he looked back at Reddy he was very grave .
he was doing his best to look very sympathetic .
I 've been hungry myself more than once .
BLACKY THE CROW IS ALL PITY
people who think that they are fooling others very often discover that they have been fooling themselves .
I just can't bear to see an old friend starve .
it is too bad that those fat hens are so far away .
Blacky nodded his head vigorously .
of course I cannot keep up with you .
Blacky pretended to be lost in thought while Reddy watched him anxiously .
finally Blacky spoke .
I will fly straight towards that farm where the fat hens are .
in your feeble condition it will take you a long time to get anywhere near there .
after that , I will show you the way .
then Blacky spread his wings and started off , cawing encouragement .
there was nothing weak or feeble in the way Reddy ran then .
he was in a hurry to get to those fat hens .
BLACKY IS MUCH PLEASED WITH HIMSELF
he was mightily pleased with himself , was Blacky .
in the first place his plan was working beautifully .
you remember that Reddy had pretended to be very weak .
Blacky knew that Reddy was nothing of the kind .
at the very first opportunity Blacky stopped in the top of a tall tree as if to rest .
his real reason for stopping was to have a chance to look back .
you see , while he was flying he couldn't look behind him .
there was nothing weak or feeble in the way that red speck was coming across the snow-covered fields .
Blacky chuckled hoarsely .
presently it stopped moving fast .
it was a sort of a game , a game that Blacky thoroughly enjoyed .
in fact , Blacky did not fly far this time before once more waiting .
it was great fun to see Reddy suddenly pretend that he was too weak to run .
it was such fun that Blacky quite forgot that he had had no breakfast .
yes , Blacky the Crow was very much pleased with himself .
it looked very much as if he would succeed in helping Bowser the Hound .
this pleased him .
BLACKY WAITS FOR REDDY
as soon as Blacky saw him he hid in the thick branches of a tall pine-tree .
Reddy didn't see him .
in fact , Blacky had been so far ahead that Reddy had lost sight of him some time before .
Out of the bushes trotted Reddy .
his tongue was hanging out just a little , and he was panting .
Blacky was just about to speak when Reddy stopped .
his sharp black ears were cocked forward , and his head was turned just a little to one side .
Reddy was listening .
he was listening for the voice of Blacky .
you see , he thought Blacky was still far ahead of him .
suddenly Reddy sat down .
there was an expression on his sharp face which Blacky understood perfectly .
it was quite plain that Reddy was becoming suspicious .
Down inside Blacky chuckled .
but when at last he saw that Reddy was beginning to get uneasy , Blacky spoke .
he was sharp enough to know that it was no longer of any use to pretend .
he didn't need to .
from the other side of a little swamp in front of them a rooster crowed .
that was answer enough !
Reddy 's yellow eyes gleamed .
in an instant he was on his feet , the picture of alertness .
Reddy nodded .
REDDY WATCHES THE FAT HENS
he did not even glance up at Blacky .
to this he crawled on his stomach and peeped around the end of it .
everything was as Blacky the Crow had said .
some were taking a sun bath just in front of the barn door .
others were scattered about , picking up bits of food which had been thrown out for them .
a few were scratching in some straw in the cowyard .
in the barn a horse stamped .
once the door of the farmhouse opened , and an appetizing odor floated out to tickle the nose of Reddy .
Reddy looked sharply for signs of a dog .
if there was a dog , he must be either in the barn or in the house .
it was quite clear to Reddy that no Fox had bothered this flock of fat hens .
he was sorely tempted to rush out and grab one of them at once , but he didn't .
he was sure that he could get one of those fat hens , but he wanted more .
the thing to do was to be patient until he could catch one without alarming the others .
then perhaps he would be able to catch another .
Reddy decided to be patient and wait .
in a cause that isn't , It 's a cause for fright .
sometimes it takes a long time to learn this , but it is a necessary lesson .
Reddy Fox had learned it .
Reddy knew that often even his cleverness would not succeed without patience .
Reddy could not remember when he had been more hungry than he was now .
if he were discovered , there would be small chance for him to get another fat hen .
Reddy is keen enough to make the most of an opportunity .
he might have a chance to get several in this way .
some of those fat hens were scratching in the straw of the cowyard .
Just outside the cowyard was a pile of old boards .
Reddy crawled behind this pile of old boards and then crouched and settled himself to be patient .
in this way he might be able to catch one without the others knowing a thing about it .
Blacky was as impatient as Reddy was patient .
I wonder if he is afraid .
I don't want to sit here all day .
THINGS HAPPEN ALL AT ONCE
the cleverest Fox is almost certain to visit the chicken yard once too often .
half a dozen fat hens were walking about among them and scratching in the straw .
Out in the farmyard in front of the barn were many more fat hens .
behind a pile of old boards just outside the cowyard was a spot of red .
the smoke from the chimney of the farmhouse floated skyward in a lazy way .
looking down on the Great World , jolly , round , bright Mr Sun saw no more peaceful scene anywhere .
there she sat for some time .
that red spot behind the pile of old boards suddenly came to life .
he knew that voice .
dismay awoke in Reddy 's heart .
do you wonder that Reddy was dismayed ?
REDDY HIDES THE FAT HEN
Reddy Fox was in a fix !
he certainly was in a fix !
Reddy 's wits were working quite as fast as his legs .
he knew he must find a place soon , because already that fat hen was growing very heavy .
presently he spied the hollow stump of a tree .
the top of it was only about two feet above the ground .
it was .
he had no intention of running any farther than he must .
in the first place he had traveled so far that he did not feel like running .
at home he knew every foot of the ground for a long distance in every direction .
but here it was different .
it seemed to him that all he could do was to run and run .
FARMER BROWN'S BOY HAS A GLAD SURPRISE
the sweetest sound in the world is the voice of one you love .
Farmer Brown 's boy had an errand which took him far from home .
he harnessed the horse to a sleigh and started off right after dinner .
Farmer Brown 's boy was not thinking of Bowser .
now Farmer Brown 's boy enjoys listening to the sound of a Hound chasing a Fox .
there is something about it which stirs the blood .
suddenly Farmer Brown 's boy leaped up excitedly .
he leaped from the sleigh and tied the horse .
then he climbed over the fence and began to run across the snow-covered fields .
he could tell from the sound in what direction Bowser was running .
at last he reached an old road .
he felt certain that Reddy would follow that road .
so he hid behind an old stone wall on the edge of it .
he did not have long to wait .
a red form appeared around a turn in the old road , running swiftly .
then it stopped and stood perfectly still .
of course it was Reddy Fox .
he was listening to make sure just how far behind him Bowser was .
he listened for only a moment and then started on as swiftly as before .
right down the road past Farmer Brown 's boy Reddy ran , and never once suspected he was being watched .
a few minutes later another form appeared around the turn in the road .
it was Bowser !
yes , Sir , it was Bowser !
with a glad cry Farmer Brown 's boy jumped over the stone wall and waited .
REDDY GOES BACK FOR HIS FAT HEN
Joy will make a puppy of an old dog .
he will follow it until he cannot follow it any longer .
yes , Sir , he did .
he didn't see him until he almost ran into him .
for just a second Bowser stared in utter surprise .
he yelped and whined and barked .
he nearly knocked Farmer Brown 's boy down by leaping up on him .
he raced around in circles .
then two of the happiest folks in all the Great World started back across the snow-covered fields to the sleigh .
Bowser and Farmer Brown 's boy were not the only ones who rejoiced .
Reddy Fox had been badly worried .
that would mean giving up the fat hen which he had hidden in the hollow stump .
of course , Reddy knew the instant that Bowser began to yelp and bark that something had happened .
he sat down to wait and listen .
then he heard the voice of Farmer Brown 's boy .
he grinned because now he would have a chance to go back for that fat hen .
presently Reddy very carefully crept back to a place where he could see what was going on .
yes , Sir , very pleasant were the thoughts of Reddy Fox .
in the first place his stomach had not been really filled for a long time .
there is nothing like a good appetite to make things taste good .
Reddy certainly had the appetite to make that fat hen the finest dinner a Fox ever ate .
as he drew near it , he moved very carefully .
you see , he was not quite sure that all was safe .
so Reddy used his eyes and his ears and his nose as only he can use them .
all seemed safe .
it was as still in that little swamp as if no living creature had ever visited it .
then he blinked his eyes very fast indeed .
there was no fat hen in that hollow !
Reddy couldn't believe it .
he wouldn't believe it .
that fat hen just had to be there .
he blinked his eyes some more and looked again .
all he saw in that hollow stump was a feather .
the fat hen had vanished .
all Reddy 's dreams of a good dinner vanished too .
a great rage took their place .
somebody had stolen his fat hen !
Reddy looked about him hurriedly and anxiously .
Reddy 's anger began to give place to wonder and then to something very like fear .
how could anybody have taken that fat hen and left no trace ?
it gave Reddy a creepy feeling .
WHERE WAS REDDY'S DINNER ?
often it is better to look for a new trail than to waste time hunting for an old one .
Reddy Fox is used to all sorts of queer happenings .
the fat hen he had hidden in a hollow stump had disappeared without leaving trace .
very carefully he sniffed all about the top of that old stump and inside the hollow .
there wasn't the faintest scent of anybody there .
Reddy began to feel afraid of that old stump .
Reddy sat down at a little distance and did a lot of hard thinking .
but Reddy is something of a philosopher .
that fat hen was gone , and there was no use in wasting time puzzling over it .
so Reddy trotted through the swamp till he came to the edge of it .
there his keen nose found the scent of the farmer .
eagerly Reddy looked over to the farmyard for those fat hens .
they , too , had disappeared .
not one was to be seen .
but there was no mystery about the disappearance of these other fat hens .
he heard the muffled crow of the big rooster .
it came from the henhouse .
all those fat hens had been shut up .
WHAT BLACKY THE CROW SAW
the greatest puzzle is simple enough when you know the answer .
everything had happened just as Blacky had hoped it would .
Blacky was doubly pleased with himself .
he didn't wish Reddy any harm , and he felt sure that no harm would come to him .
So Blacky followed , and his eyes twinkled when he saw Reddy hide the fat hen in the hollow stump .
Reddy has earned that dinner .
he plunged in among the branches and hid in the thickest part he could find .
with little shivers of fear running all over him , he peeked out and watched that big gray form .
on broad wings it sailed over to that hollow stump .
Blacky sighed with relief .
ALL IS WELL THAT ENDS WELL
Reddy Fox , trotting homeward , had nothing but bitterness in his heart , and nothing at all in his stomach .
he was tired and hungry and bitterly disappointed .
the more he thought of it , the worse he felt .
to Reddy , everything was all wrong .
now on his way home Ready had to pass several farms .
he was picking these chickens in a shed attached to the barn .
he had several all picked when he was called to the house on an errand .
two minutes later Reddy was racing back to the woods with one of them .
this time there was no dog behind him .
and in a little hollow Reddy ate the finest dinner he ever had had .
you see there were no feathers to bother him on that chicken , for it had been picked .
such a fuss as everybody did make over Bowser .
it seemed as if each one at Farmer Brown 's was trying to spoil Bowser .
Blacky had found plenty to eat and he had seen no more of fierce Mr Goshawk .
as Blacky settled himself on his roost he heard from the direction of Farmer Brown 's house a great voice .
Blacky chuckled contentedly .
she is far too smart to be fooled even by so clever a scamp as Blacky .
but everything in the landscape around them spoke of autumn .
everything has changed .
I 'm glad she 's coming but it will be another change .
Marilla and I cleared everything out of the spare room yesterday .
do you know , I hated to do it ?
of course , it was silly but it did seem as if we were committing sacrilege .
that old spare room has always seemed like a shrine to me .
when I was a child I thought it the most wonderful apartment in the world .
I always wondered how Marilla dared houseclean that room .
George Whitefield and the Duke have been relegated to the upstairs hall .
it is never pleasant to have our old shrines desecrated , even when we have outgrown them .
talk of being lonesome !
YOU'LL be here with any number of your old friends AND Fred !
to be sure , Anne herself did not know that .
but for the first few weeks I know I won't .
we 're eighteen , Diana .
in two more years we 'll be twenty .
I hoped she would , but she didn't think her father would consent .
remembrance wove a sweet and subtle spell over the two young creatures .
Gilbert suddenly laid his hand over the slender white one lying on the rail of the bridge .
but Anne snatched her hand away and turned quickly .
the spell of the dusk was broken for her .
Poor Gilbert hardly had a chance to get a word in edgewise .
Anne shivered over the disagreeable recollection .
she 'll be all right tomorrow .
they 're like the Blewetts , I guess .
I think saying my prayers is great fun .
I wish you 'd stay home , Anne .
you 're grown up .
won't I have the time !
are you , Anne ?
for a second Anne burned with resentment .
then she laughed , reminding herself that Mrs Boulter 's crude vulgarity of thought and speech could not harm her .
Anne had always loved that brook .
she enjoyed the evening tremendously , but the end of it rather spoiled all .
and she honestly believed it was .
So Gilbert was not going to spend this last evening with Ruby Gillis after all !
I 'm tired because I 've been packing my trunk and sewing all day .
if they had been spiteful cats I wouldn't have minded them .
Anne ended with a laugh and a sigh commingled .
for the time being life was savorless , and ambition had gone out like a snuffed candle .
but FEELING is so different from KNOWING .
common nonsense takes possession of my soul .
come , forget it all and take a walk with me a ramble back through the woods beyond the marsh .
I only know it should be , from something I saw there in spring .
Mrs Lynde and Marilla watched them from the kitchen window .
Marilla winced slightly .
Mrs Lynde laughed good-naturedly .
I hope she won't get any romantic nonsense into her head at Redmond .
she never was flirtatious .
oh , I know girls !
the Sloanes are good , honest , respectable people , of course .
Marilla nodded .
the distant spruce groves were burnished bronze , and their long shadows barred the upland meadows .
the woods around the head of the marsh were full of purple vistas , threaded with gossamers .
so I resolved I 'd come again in the fall and see if it had been apples .
See , it 's loaded .
they look good , too tawny as russets but with a dusky red cheek .
sit down , Anne it will serve for a woodland throne .
I 'll climb for some apples .
the apples proved to be delicious .
see , it was twilight three minutes ago and now it 's moonlight .
what a pity we couldn't have caught the moment of transformation .
Lover 's Lane was a dear place that night , still and mysteriously dim in the pale radiance of the moonlight .
they loitered through it in a pleasant chummy silence , neither caring to talk .
Gilbert was looking at Anne , as she walked along .
in her light dress , with her slender delicacy , she made him think of a white iris .
Charlie Sloane , Gilbert Blythe and Anne Shirley left Avonlea the following Monday morning .
Anne had hoped for a fine day .
things would never be the same again ; coming back for vacations would not be living there .
could she ever be really happy anywhere else ?
breakfast at Green Gables that morning was a rather doleful meal .
nobody else seemed to have much appetite , save Dora , who tucked away her rations comfortably .
even at eight it took a great deal to ruffle Dora 's placidity .
and , seeing that Davy could not eat his , Dora ate it for him .
the good-byes had to be said then somehow .
Charlie and Gilbert were on the station platform when they reached it , and the train was whistling .
it was absolutely insufferable in rain .
I can't believe I didn't always live here .
those eleven years before I came seem like a bad dream .
it 's seven years since I crossed on this boat the evening Mrs Spencer brought me over from Hopetown .
now I 'm crossing the strait again .
I shall be cheerful and philosophical again after I have just one good cry .
then Anne will be herself again .
Priscilla , don't talk of it .
I 'm tired , and green , and provincial , and only about ten years old .
he was only a schoolboy when I taught in Carmody .
and of course that 's Charlie Sloane .
here 's our cab .
Hop in the driver will get your trunk .
they 're so big that people living in them have to take boarders just to fill up .
Miss Hannah Harvey and Miss Ada Harvey .
after they reached the age of thirty they never were twins again .
wait and see .
old St John 's is a darling place .
I was all through it yesterday for a pleasure exertion .
you 'll go there to study , Anne , see if you don't .
of course , nobody is ever buried there now .
here 's your trunk at last and the boys coming to say good night .
must I really shake hands with Charlie Sloane , Anne ?
his hands are always so cold and fishy-feeling .
we must ask them to call occasionally .
Anne was laughing by this time .
she went to her window and looked out .
the street below was dim and quiet .
Anne wondered if it could have been only that morning that she had left Green Gables .
I 'm not even going to have my good cry .
April 's Lady
for the most part no great art or skill was lavished on those old tombstones .
Gilbert and Charlie were nowhere to be seen .
I wished she would come .
if I hadn't felt so much like the aforesaid elephant I 'd have gone to her .
but I couldn't lumber across that big hall with all those boys howling on the stairs .
they found themselves in a dim , cool , green place where winds were fond of purring .
he served in the army till the peace of @number@ when he retired from bad health .
there 's an epitaph for you , Prissy .
I wonder where that unknown grave is .
really , Pris , the graveyards of today will never be as interesting as this .
you were right I shall come here often .
I love it already .
I 've been watching her for five minutes .
let's go and meet her .
she was certainly very pretty , with a vivid , irregular , bewitching type of prettiness .
for a moment both girls felt like turning back .
but they had already stopped and turned towards the gray slab .
I saw you at Redmond this morning .
say , wasn't it AWFUL there ?
Anne and Priscilla both broke into unconstrained laughter at this unexpected conclusion .
the brown-eyed girl laughed , too .
come , let's all sit down on this gravestone and get acquainted .
it won't be hard .
do call me Phil right off .
I have to tell them .
I can't keep secrets it 's no use to try .
that 's my worst failing that , and indecision , as aforesaid .
when I got IT pinned in place I liked the brown one better .
the pin speared the pink one , so I put it on .
it is becoming , isn't it ?
at this naive demand , made in a perfectly serious tone , Priscilla laughed again .
but Anne said , impulsively squeezing Philippa 's hand ,
I can't decide even on my own appearance .
I adore aunts , but I detest great-aunts .
please tell me quite often that I am pretty , if you don't mind .
I feel so much more comfortable when I can believe I 'm pretty .
there really isn't one spark of vanity in me .
and I 'm never a bit grudging about paying compliments to other girls when they deserve them .
I came up on Saturday and I 've nearly died of homesickness ever since .
it 's a horrible feeling , isn't it ?
in Bolingbroke I 'm an important personage , and in Kingsport I 'm just nobody !
there were times when I could feel my soul turning a delicate blue .
why , I 'm just around the corner on Wallace Street .
I don't like my boardinghouse , though .
it 's the ugliest place in the world .
the first night I was here I cried all night , and so did the cats .
you should have seen my nose in the morning .
it was father who wanted me to come here .
but it 's such hard work to use them .
no , I didn't want to come to Redmond .
I did it just to oblige father .
besides , I knew if I stayed home I 'd have to get married .
but I really hated the thought of being married for a few years yet .
I want to have heaps of fun before I settle down .
I 'm only eighteen .
but there were only two that mattered .
the rest were all too young and too poor .
oh , no , my husband must have heaps of money .
so that narrowed them down to two .
but I couldn't decide between two any easier than between two hundred .
it was not easy for her to speak to a stranger of the great mystery and transformation of life .
it isn't in me .
besides I wouldn't want to .
being in love makes you a perfect slave , I think .
and it would give a man such power to hurt you .
I 'd be afraid .
that is the trouble .
Alec is the best looking , of course , and I simply couldn't marry a man who wasn't handsome .
he is good-tempered too , and has lovely , curly , black hair .
I can't depend on mine .
mother was a Byrne and has the Byrne nose in the Byrnest degree .
wait till you see it .
I adore nice noses .
your nose is awfully nice , Anne Shirley .
Alonzo 's nose nearly turned the balance in his favor .
no , I couldn't decide .
I told them they 'd have to wait till I could make up my mind .
they 're quite willing to wait .
they both worship me , you know .
meanwhile , I intend to have a good time .
I expect I shall have heaps of beaux at Redmond .
but don't you think the freshmen are fearfully homely ?
I saw only one really handsome fellow among them .
he went away before you came .
I heard his chum call him Gilbert .
his chum had eyes that stuck out THAT FAR .
but you 're not going yet , girls ?
I want to be chummy with you .
isn't this graveyard a sweet place ?
I 'd love to be buried here .
Anne paused by the railing and looked at the worn stone , her pulses thrilling with sudden excitement .
the old graveyard , with its over-arching trees and long aisles of shadows , faded from her sight .
instead , she saw the Kingsport Harbor of nearly a century agone .
Anne came back with a sigh ; her eyes were shining softly .
this grave seems to bring it so near and make it so real .
this poor little middy was only eighteen .
there is something very lovable about her , in spite of all her nonsense .
but it always enrages or sickens me to hear Ruby , whereas I just wanted to laugh good-naturedly at Phil .
she plays at love and love-making .
now , when Phil talks of her beaux it sounds as if she was just speaking of chums .
I believe I 've put forth a tiny soul-root into Kingsport soil this afternoon .
I hope so .
for the next three weeks Anne and Priscilla continued to feel as strangers in a strange land .
life became homogeneous again , instead of being made up of detached fragments .
Anne and Priscilla found themselves in the thick of the social life of Redmond .
she was a loyal little soul , crystal-free from any form of snobbishness .
I 'm sure it must amuse them .
I owe you a grudge , Queen Anne .
you 're different from any girl I ever knew before .
isn't college life magnificent ?
Anne , please tell me over again that you like me a little bit .
Phil must have found time for she held her own in every class of her year .
she led the freshettes everywhere , except in English , where Anne Shirley left her far behind .
this left her more time for a social life which she thoroughly enjoyed .
but never for a moment did she forget Avonlea and the friends there .
so Gilbert was writing to Ruby !
she tossed Ruby 's letter aside contemptuously .
but it took all Diana 's breezy , newsy , delightful epistle to banish the sting of Ruby 's postscript .
Mrs Lynde 's letter was full of church news .
half of it ain't true , and , what 's worse , it ain't sound doctrine .
the one we have now is the worst of the lot .
he mostly takes a text and preaches about something else .
and he says he doesn't believe all the heathen will be eternally lost .
last Sunday night he announced that next Sunday he 'd preach on the axe-head that swam .
I think he 'd better confine himself to the Bible and leave sensational subjects alone .
what church do you attend , Anne ?
I hope you go regularly .
I 'm told many of them actually study their lessons on Sunday .
I hope you 'll never sink that low , Anne .
remember how you were brought up .
it was the funniest thing I ever saw .
Even Marilla laughed .
you know he 's a very short , fat little man with bow legs .
his hat went one way and his cane another , just as Marilla and I got to the door .
I 'll never forget the look of him .
it wouldn't have been the right thing for them to have seen a minister in such an undignified predicament .
Just before they got to the brook the minister jumped off or fell off .
the pig rushed through the brook like mad and up through the woods .
Marilla and I run down and helped the minister get up and brush his coat .
he wasn't hurt , but he was mad .
it 'll be a long time before we get a man like Mr Allan .
I don't find Green Gables as lonesome as I expected .
I think I 'll start another cotton warp quilt this winter .
Mrs Silas Sloane has a handsome new apple-leaf pattern .
I never used to do it , but they 're real interesting .
the States must be an awful place .
I hope you 'll never go there , Anne .
but the way girls roam over the earth now is something terrible .
I spanked him for that and then he went and chased my rooster to death .
she 's rooted all my June lilies up because she says they make a garden look so untidy .
Davy 's letter plunged into a grievance at the start .
I scared mrs . lynde with a jacky lantern last nite .
I didn't mean to make him fall down ded .
what did she do that was so bad , anne , I want to know .
I 've got a kite with a magnificent tail , anne .
ill bet they were skared .
but I couldn't sew on a day like this .
my fingers would twitch and I 'd sew a crooked seam .
it isn't serious enough for anything darker .
I wrote Alec and Alonzo last week .
I put the letters into envelopes and addressed them , but I didn't seal them up .
that evening something funny happened .
then I mailed both letters .
I got Alonzo 's reply this morning .
girls , I had put that postscript to his letter and he was furious .
of course he 'll get over it and I don't care if he doesn't but it spoiled my day .
after the football season opens I won't have any spare Saturday afternoons .
I adore football .
I 've got the most gorgeous cap and sweater striped in Redmond colors to wear to the games .
I thought it would be safe there .
but would you believe it ?
such a wreck of a cushion as it was !
Anne stiffened .
he is !
he must have done something dreadful in a previous existence to be punished with such eyes .
Pris and I are going to have such sport with him this afternoon .
it must surely impress Anne .
she would see that some people appreciated him at his real value .
they seem to strike their roots deep into the romance of all the ages .
but there must be some bitterness in it there is in every cup .
I shall taste mine some day .
well , I hope I shall be strong and brave to meet it .
and I hope it won't be through my own fault that it will come .
but we mustn't talk of sorrow on an afternoon like this .
they all sat down in the little pavilion to watch an autumn sunset of deep red fire and pallid gold .
to their left lay Kingsport , its roofs and spires dim in their shroud of violet smoke .
look at that sentry on the summit of the fort , right beside the flag .
Spofford Avenue is the finest residential street in Kingsport .
IT wasn't built by a millionaire .
I don't care for the houses on the Avenue .
it was covered with red and gold vines , through which its green-shuttered windows peeped .
before it was a tiny garden , surrounded by a low stone wall .
as Phil said , it was the difference between being born and being made .
isn't that killing ?
exaggeration is merely a flight of poetic fancy .
Anne smiled mysteriously .
but I believe it will happen .
Mrs Lynde says it has worn her nerves to a frazzle .
he creeps up behind her , you know , and then lets go .
he was determined to have a bonfire for you , too .
the kitchen door opened and Marilla 's spare form darkened against the inner light .
nothing , after all , could compare with old ties , old friends , and old Green Gables !
and Diana was going to stay all night , too .
and the rose-bud tea-set graced the table !
Marilla was always sarcastic after any self-betrayal .
he stood before Anne , shuffling one bare foot over the other , and looked undecided .
Davy came and buried his head in Anne 's lap , but he did not kneel down .
I haven't felt like it for a week now .
Anne lifted the little gray-flannelled body on her knee and cuddled his head on her arm .
but you get sorry , and that 's worse .
Davy lifted his flushed face in amazement .
Davy gave her another incredulous look , then in a low voice he said the dreadful word .
the next minute his face was burrowing against her .
so they had a white Christmas after all , and a very pleasant day it was .
she doesn't like Boston at all , and she is fearfully homesick .
I want to see Theodora .
some one will have to .
there must be something radically wrong with mine .
but I 'm having a perfectly gorgeous time .
it 's snowing today , and I 'm rapturous .
I was so afraid we 'd have a green Christmas and I loathe them .
don't ask me why .
it 's quite awful .
I had a nickel with me when I got on the car .
I thought it was in the left pocket of my coat .
when I got settled down comfortably I felt for it .
it wasn't there .
I had a cold chill .
I felt in the other pocket .
I had another chill .
then I felt in a little inside pocket .
I had two chills at once .
it was not there .
I stood up and shook myself , and then looked on the floor .
I concluded I must have put it in my mouth and swallowed it inadvertently .
would the conductor , I wondered , stop the car and put me off in ignominy and shame ?
but they weren't because I wanted them .
and I couldn't decide what to say to the conductor when he came around .
I hadn't swallowed it after all .
I meekly fished it out of the index finger of my glove and poked it in the box .
the perfume of Miss Lavendar 's rose bowl still filled the air .
bring the old horn .
Anne 's First Proposal
instead , it went out with a wild , white bluster and blow .
Anne was feeling rather sleepy after the party Ruby Gillis had given the night before .
she had no prophetic inkling of what was coming .
Anne gasped over this unexpected question , and floundered helplessly in her thoughts .
she had never thought ANYTHING about him round-faced , stupid , perpetually smiling , good-natured Billy Andrews .
did ANYBODY ever think about Billy Andrews ?
WHAT was Jane trying to elucidate ?
now she fell flatly back on her pillows , the very breath gone out of her .
was it a dream ?
Billy is a good fellow .
I must say that , if he is my brother .
she had recovered her wits , and was even feeling a little angry .
Jane spoke rather coldly .
well , pride sometimes goes before a fall , Jane reflected ominously .
Jane made a movement as if she were tossing her head on her pillow .
Billy has too much good sense for that .
she 's such a good manager and saver .
I think , when Billy is once sure you won't have him , he 'll take Nettie .
she tells everything to Fred I know she does .
well , I 've had my first proposal .
I supposed it would come some day but I certainly never thought it would be by proxy .
she had had her secret dreams of the first time some one should ask her the great question .
and now , this thrilling experience had turned out to be merely grotesque .
there was romance for you , with a vengeance !
Anne laughed and then sighed .
the bloom had been brushed from one little maiden dream .
would the painful process go on until everything became prosaic and hum-drum ?
An Unwelcome Lover and a Welcome Friend
only one disagreeable incident marred that winter .
but what could you expect of a Sloane , as Mrs Rachel Lynde would ask scornfully ?
Charlie 's whole attitude , tone , air , words , fairly reeked with Sloanishness .
Charlie certainly did not take his dismissal as Anne 's imaginary rejected suitors did .
had she actually stooped to quarrel with a Sloane ?
relations between these two old schoolmates continued to be thus strained for nearly a year !
one day Anne scurried excitedly into Priscilla 's room .
I think it 's a perfectly splendid one , if we can only carry it out .
Stella Maynard had been one of their chums at Queen 's Academy and had been teaching school ever since .
as I took the third year at Queen 's I can enter the Sophomore year .
I 'm tired of teaching in a back country school .
it will be a harrowing bit of realism .
my treatise shall tell the truth about us .
I used to argue the matter at first , but I 'm wiser now .
so I only smile loftily now in eloquent silence .
I feel like that myself .
those whom the gods wish to destroy they first make country schoolmarms !
after all , I 've enjoyed these past two years .
but I 'm coming to Redmond .
you know how I loathe boarding .
I 've boarded for four years and I 'm so tired of it .
I don't feel like enduring three years more of it .
it would be cheaper than any other way .
of course , we would have to have a housekeeper and I have one ready on the spot .
you 've heard me speak of Aunt Jamesina ?
she 's the sweetest aunt that ever lived , in spite of her name .
she can't help that !
I always call her Aunt Jimsie .
well , her only daughter has recently married and gone to the foreign mission field .
aunt Jamesina is left alone in a great big house , and she is horribly lonesome .
we could have such good , independent times .
that would be better than leaving it till the fall .
nice houses in nice localities will probably be away beyond our means .
I 'm seeing visions and dreaming dreams , Pris .
that 's because the wind is from the west .
I do love the west wind .
no spring is ever just like any other spring .
it always has something of its own to be its own peculiar sweetness .
I want to sit on the back porch steps and feel the breeze blowing down over Mr Harrison 's fields .
I want to hunt ferns in the Haunted Wood and gather violets in Violet Vale .
I want to hear the frogs singing and the poplars whispering .
if I hadn't won the Thorburn I don't believe I could have .
like the old Roman , we 'll find a house or build one .
Priscilla looked .
Anne 's thumbs and eyes had not deceived her .
over the arched gateway of Patty 's Place dangled a little , modest sign .
Fairy tales don't happen nowadays .
I won't hope , Anne .
the disappointment would be too awful to bear .
they 're sure to want more for it than we can afford .
oh , Pris , if we can get this darling spot !
the next evening found them treading resolutely the herring-bone walk through the tiny garden .
the girls rang rather timidly , and were admitted by a grim and ancient handmaiden .
for a few minutes nobody spoke .
Anne glanced about the room .
what a dear place it was !
another door opened out of it directly into the pine grove and the robins came boldly up on the very step .
and yet here they were on Spofford Avenue !
a big , polished grandfather 's clock ticked loudly and solemnly in a corner .
there were delightful little cupboards over the mantelpiece , behind whose glass doors gleamed quaint bits of china .
the walls were hung with old prints and silhouettes .
it was all just as Anne had known it must be .
the other lady followed her example so perfectly that she might as well have been a reflection in a mirror .
it wasn't so in my young days .
Anne 's conscience bore her up .
we can afford to go to Europe even if we don't let it .
YOU are different .
I believe you do love it and will be good to it .
Miss Patty named the amount required .
Anne and Priscilla looked at each other .
Priscilla shook her head .
Anne named her amount .
Miss Patty nodded gravely .
as I told you , it is not strictly necessary that we should let it at all .
but my niece there , Maria Spofford , has taken a fancy to go .
so I have to go along to look after her .
we shall be away for two years , perhaps three .
a pleased expression came into Miss Patty 's face .
Gog looks to the right and Magog to the left .
and there 's just one thing more .
I told them roundly that the name went with the house .
further exploration still further delighted the girls .
besides the big living-room , there was a kitchen and a small bedroom downstairs .
it was papered in pale blue and had a little , old-timey toilet table with sconces for candles .
they simply couldn't be parted from it .
they will walk about Westminster Abbey and knit , I feel sure .
meanwhile , Anne , we shall be living in Patty 's Place and on Spofford Avenue .
Phil Gordon crept into Thirty-eight , St John 's , that night and flung herself on Anne 's bed .
I forget which .
but I admit my thoughts verged on the profane .
and I have such a cold in the head I can do nothing but sniffle , sigh and sneeze .
isn't that alliterative agony for you ?
Phil shook her head dolefully .
no , I don't want Alec and Alonzo when I have a cold in the head .
now that I look at you closely you seem all lighted up with an internal iridescence .
why , you 're actually SHINING !
Phil bounced up , wiped her nose , and fell on her knees before Anne .
oh , I 'll be so good .
Anne and Priscilla looked at each other .
but we may as well speak plainly .
Stella 's aunt can't do it all .
we all expect to have our chores to do .
you 'll only have to show me once .
that 's something .
oh , please , please !
now , at Patty 's Place we can't do that .
we have decided that we shall be at home to our friends on Friday evenings only .
when I can shuffle off the responsibility on you it will be a real relief .
again Anne and Priscilla exchanged eloquent looks .
Anne was back in Avonlea with the luster of the Thorburn Scholarship on her brow .
Avonlea had not changed , either .
a new minister was in the pulpit .
in the pews more than one familiar face was missing forever .
and Billy Andrews was married to Nettie Blewett !
she recalled the stormy winter night of the Christmas holidays when Jane had proposed for Billy .
he certainly had not broken his heart over his rejection .
but it was not at Jane , Anne gazed that day in dismay and surprise .
it was at Ruby Gillis , who sat beside her in the choir .
what had happened to Ruby ?
they won't give in .
if you ask THEM , she 's perfectly well .
Anne listened in shocked silence .
could it be possible ?
it was impossible to associate the thought of her with anything like death .
she had greeted Anne with gay cordiality after church , and urged her to come up the next evening .
Herb Spencer 's going to take me .
he 's my LATEST .
be sure to come up tomorrow .
I 'm dying for a good talk with you .
the girls walked silently down the red , twilit road .
the robins were singing vespers in the high treetops , filling the golden air with their jubilant voices .
the air was fragrant with the wild , sweet , wholesome smell of young raspberry copses .
white mists were hovering in the silent hollows and violet stars were shining bluely on the brooklands .
she 's father 's aunt , too .
mother thought we ought to take her , but father put his foot down .
Late as it was Aunt Atossa was cutting potato sets in the Wright kitchen .
she wore a faded old wrapper , and her gray hair was decidedly untidy .
her tone implied that she had heard nothing good .
there was no doubt Aunt Atossa thought there was plenty of room for further improvement .
however , I 'll try to worry some down .
people who can't work aren't wanted here .
if it isn't too much trouble will you be condescending enough to set the jelly in the pantry ?
I 'm in a hurry to get these spuds done tonight .
I suppose you two LADIES never do anything like this .
aunt Atossa sniffed .
but she always spoiled you .
you 'd be wiser to keep away from Ruby Gillis .
the doctors say consumption 's catching .
you ought to wear a hat , MISS SHIRLEY .
my , but you ARE redheaded !
give Marilla Cuthbert my respects .
wouldn't it sour almost any one ?
she should have tried to imagine her name was Cordelia .
it might have helped her a great deal .
oh , dear , I 'm glad that 's over .
father tells such a funny story about her .
he couldn't hear any ordinary conversation at all .
but one evening Aunt Atossa bounced up .
she didn't either pray or preach .
I want to get hold of a good plot .
I believe this is very necessary from an editor 's point of view .
the only thing I 've settled on is the heroine 's name .
it is to be AVERIL LESTER .
don't mention this to any one , Diana .
I haven't told anybody but you and Mr Harrison .
they found the Gillis home gay with lights and callers .
several merry girls had dropped in .
Ruby was dressed in white and her eyes and cheeks were very brilliant .
I think I 'll leave it until the fall .
I 'm going to teach in White Sands , you know .
how do you like my hat ?
that one you had on in church yesterday was real dinky .
but I like something brighter for myself .
did you notice those two ridiculous boys downstairs ?
they 've both come determined to sit each other out .
Herb Spencer is the one I like .
sometimes I really do think he 's MR . RIGHT .
at Christmas I thought the Spencervale schoolmaster was that .
but I found out something about him that turned me against him .
he nearly went insane when I turned him down .
I wish those two boys hadn't come tonight .
Ruby slipped her arm about Anne 's waist with a shallow little laugh .
why , I 'm perfectly well .
I never felt better in my life .
of course , that congestion last winter pulled me down a little .
but just see my color .
Ruby 's voice was almost sharp .
the two girls were loitering one evening in a fairy hollow of the brook .
Anne roused herself from her reverie with a happy sigh .
I 've had such a time to get a suitable plot .
but finally I got a plot that matched her .
I 've lain awake for hours thinking over those names .
Anne shook her head doubtfully .
but Anne had not thought about this at all .
I 'd like it to end unhappily , because that would be so much more romantic .
but I understand editors have a prejudice against sad endings .
I heard Professor Hamilton say once that nobody but a genius should try to write an unhappy ending .
Diana could not understand this .
I call it AVERIL'S ATONEMENT .
doesn't that sound nice and alliterative ?
it 's just what anybody might do .
and it may be stated that in this she was quite right .
Diana prudently refrained from any further criticism , but Mr Harrison was much harder to please .
they talk too much and use too high-flown language .
he was twice the man the other is .
he did bad things , but he did them .
he 's aggravating .
you can reform a man ; you can't reform a jelly-fish , of course .
she would not read the story to Gilbert , although she told him about it .
Marilla knew nothing about the venture .
Diana was as excited over it as Anne herself .
one evening Diana found Anne in the porch gable , with suspicious-looking eyes .
on the table lay a long envelope and a crumpled manuscript .
I suppose the editor is prejudiced against any one who isn't a Yankee .
don't be discouraged , Anne .
remember how Mrs Morgan 's stories came back .
but I 'll cut the sunset out .
Anne took this second rejection with the calmness of despair .
but most of us have got a little decency somewhere in us .
when I 'm through Redmond I 'll stick to teaching .
I can teach .
Anne got up and marched home .
there were times when Mr Harrison was really intolerable .
Davy and Dora were ready for Sunday School .
they were going alone , which did not often happen , for Mrs Lynde always attended Sunday School .
but Mrs Lynde had twisted her ankle and was lame , so she was staying home this morning .
Davy came downstairs slowly .
Dora was waiting in the hall for him , having been made ready by Mrs Lynde .
Davy had attended to his own preparations .
Davy , therefore , should have been in a placid frame of mind .
as a matter of fact , despite text and catechism , he was inwardly as a ravening wolf .
Mrs Rachel sighed .
she had her suspicions about Davy 's neck and ears .
don't stop in the porch to talk to the other children .
don't squirm or wriggle in your places .
don't forget the Golden Text .
don't lose your collection or forget to put it in .
he marched away down the lane , followed by the meek Dora .
Davy was still boiling over this .
she expected that Davy would be struck down dead on the spot .
but nothing happened .
I 'm going to do every single thing she told me not to do .
and I 've thought of something else .
I 'm not going to Sunday School or church at all .
I 'm going up to play with the Cottons .
come along , now .
this is great .
when I grow up I ain't going to bother going to church at all .
but Davy was not scared yet .
he wished Dora had more spunk .
hang girls , anyway .
Pete , Tommy , Adolphus , and Mirabel Cotton were all alone .
their mother and older sisters were away .
she had been afraid she would be alone in a crowd of boys .
Mirabel was almost as bad as a boy she was so noisy and sunburned and reckless .
but at least she wore dresses .
they rushed away to dig worms at once , Mirabel leading the van with a tin can .
Dora could have sat down and cried .
oh , if only that hateful Frank Bell had never kissed her !
then she could have defied Davy , and gone to her beloved Sunday School .
they had to resort to the brook in the woods behind the Cotton house .
not being entirely bereft of prudence , he had discarded boots and stockings and borrowed Tommy Cotton 's overalls .
thus accoutered , bog and marsh and undergrowth had no terrors for him .
Dora was frankly and manifestly miserable .
Mirabel had offered the loan of an apron but Dora had scornfully refused .
but even unlawful pleasures must come to an end .
no use to think of taking them home .
this was a staggerer .
Davy was not prepared for such a concrete example of the freedom of speech .
but one did not have to be consistent with Dora .
Davy was not feeling comfortable , though he would have died before he admitted it to Dora .
after all , perhaps it would have been better to have gone to Sunday School and church .
but Davy 's cup of iniquity was not yet full .
he was to discover that one sin demands another to cover it .
you should listen more attentively to the announcements .
he glibly recited an old Golden Text learned several weeks ago .
fortunately Mrs Lynde now stopped questioning him ; but Davy did not enjoy his dinner .
he could only eat one helping of pudding .
Davy , goaded to desperation , turned fiercely .
Green Gables was wrapped in darkness and silence when Anne reached home .
she lost no time going to bed , for she was very tired and sleepy .
Anne sat up drowsily .
you 'll never like me again , Anne .
I couldn't say my prayers tonight .
I couldn't tell God what I 'd done .
but I thought p'raps He mightn't have noticed just at the time .
Out it all came in a rush .
there was silence .
I wish I didn't have it .
where is my conscience , Anne ?
I want to know .
say , I don't feel mis'rubul any more .
I feel fine .
Anne slipped down on her pillows with a sigh of relief .
Davy was back again by her bed .
Anne dragged her eyes open .
Anne sat up .
it had been a warm , smoky summer afternoon .
the world was in a splendor of out-flowering .
the idle valleys were full of hazes .
the woodways were pranked with shadows and the fields with the purple of the asters .
it was this that made Anne 's visits hard for her .
but tonight Anne did not feel this so keenly .
Ruby was strangely quiet .
the moon rose in the silvery sky , empearling the clouds around her .
below , the pond shimmered in its hazy radiance .
Just beyond the Gillis homestead was the church , with the old graveyard beside it .
the surprise of it bewildered Anne .
for a few moments she could not speak .
I 'm a church member .
it had sounded funny then she remembered how she and Priscilla had laughed over it .
it was sad , tragic and true !
heaven could not be what Ruby had been used to .
Anne wondered helplessly what she could say that would help her .
could she say anything ?
I don't think it can be so very different from life here as most people seem to think .
all the hindrances and perplexities will be taken away , and we shall see clearly .
I want to go on living HERE .
I 'm so young , Anne .
I haven't had my life .
Anne sat in a pain that was almost intolerable .
she could not tell comforting falsehoods ; and all that Ruby said was so horribly true .
Ruby raised herself on her arm and lifted up her bright , beautiful blue eyes to the moonlit skies .
you know I always loved babies , Anne .
I couldn't say this to any one but you .
I know you understand .
Ruby sank back on her pillows and sobbed convulsively .
I 've wanted to all summer every time you came .
I wouldn't say it , or even think it .
but in the night , when I couldn't sleep it was so dreadful , Anne .
I couldn't get away from it then .
death just came and stared me in the face , until I got so frightened I could have screamed .
I 'll think over what you have said , and try to believe it .
I feel sure of that .
I always liked you best of all the girls I went to school with .
Poor Em White was up to see me yesterday .
you remember Em and I were such chums for three years when we went to school ?
and then we quarrelled the time of the school concert .
we 've never spoken to each other since .
wasn't it silly ?
but Em and I made up the old quarrel yesterday .
she said she 'd have spoken years ago , only she thought I wouldn't .
and I never spoke to her because I was sure she wouldn't speak to me .
you HAVE helped me already .
Anne walked home very slowly in the moonlight .
the evening had changed something for her .
life held a different meaning , a deeper purpose .
on the surface it would go on just the same ; but the deeps had been stirred .
it must not be with her as with poor butterfly Ruby .
that good night in the garden was for all time .
Anne never saw Ruby in life again .
the next night the A.V.I.S. gave a farewell party to Jane Andrews before her departure for the West .
Mrs Rachel Lynde said emphatically after the funeral that Ruby Gillis was the handsomest corpse she ever laid eyes on .
it 's the embroidered centerpiece she was working at .
she did not want to talk of that .
she seemed wrapped in a reverie in which Diana felt lonesomely that she had neither lot nor part .
anyway , I don't mean to go for ever so long .
I mean to live to be a hundred years old , like Mr Thomas Blewett of White Sands .
a Dream Turned Upside Down
she was happy at the thought of returning to work , classes and Redmond friends .
pleasing visions were also being woven around Patty 's Place .
I saw the prize offer , but I 'd never dream of competing for it .
I think it would be perfectly disgraceful to write a story to advertise a baking powder .
I was at the office , so I thought I 'd bring it along .
do open it quick .
Anne , puzzled , opened the letter and glanced over the typewritten contents .
Avonlea , P Island .
we enclose the check herewith .
Diana clapped her hands .
but then I was afraid you wouldn't you had so little faith left in it .
so I just decided I 'd send the copy you gave me , and say nothing about it .
Anne instantly manufactured a smile and put it on .
you know the scene where Averil makes the cake ?
Anne held out the hateful pink slip in shaking fingers .
you sent the story in and made the alterations .
the honor of being a friend of the prizewinner is enough for me .
well , I must go .
I should have gone straight home from the post office for we have company .
but I simply had to come and hear the news .
Anne suddenly bent forward , put her arms about Diana , and kissed her cheek .
but his congratulations died on his lips at sight of Anne 's face .
I feel just the same .
I loved my poor little story , and I wrote it out of the best that was in me .
and it is SACRILEGE to have it degraded to the level of a baking powder advertisement .
don't you remember what Professor Hamilton used to tell us in the literature class at Queen 's ?
what will he think when he hears I 've written a story to advertise Rollings Reliable ?
this commonsense , matter-of-fact view of the case cheered Anne a little .
Anne was not over-sorry to leave Avonlea when the time came to return to college .
he sent a complimentary bundle to Anne , who promptly dropped them all in the kitchen stove .
Poor Moody Spurgeon fell on hard luck at the very beginning of his college career .
in this guise the luckless Moody Spurgeon had to go about until his hair grew again .
aunt Jamesina did not come until the girls had Patty 's Place ready for her .
for the rest she trusted everything to Anne .
as Phil said , it was almost as good as getting married .
you had the fun of homemaking without the bother of a husband .
Verily , aristocratic Spofford Avenue had rarely beheld such a display .
Mrs Lynde 's quilts served a very useful purpose that winter .
Patty 's Place for all its many virtues , had its faults also .
Anne had the blue room she had coveted at sight .
Priscilla and Stella had the large one .
Rusty at first slept on the doorstep .
Anne wondered uneasily what was the matter with her .
was her hat crooked ?
was her belt loose ?
craning her head to investigate , Anne , for the first time , saw Rusty .
the animal was well past kitten-hood , lank , thin , disreputable looking .
I couldn't get rid of him .
Ugh , get down .
Pussy , however , refused to get down .
he coolly curled up in Anne 's lap and began to purr .
the cat was fed and put out .
in the morning he was still on the doorstep .
on the doorstep he continued to sit , bolting in whenever the door was opened .
the cat 's appearance had improved .
he 's a fighter by nature .
I 've disposed of several at home .
you take the cat in the morning and give him a good breakfast .
then take a two-ounce bottle of chloroform , uncork it , and slip it under the edge of the box .
put a heavy weight on top of the box and leave it till evening .
the cat will be dead , curled up peacefully as if he were asleep .
just leave it to me .
accordingly the chloroform was procured , and the next morning Rusty was lured to his doom .
he ate his breakfast , licked his chops , and climbed into Anne 's lap .
how could she be a party to this destruction ?
the fatal deed was done in the back porch .
nobody went near it that day .
but at dusk Phil declared that Rusty must be buried .
the two conspirators tip-toed reluctantly to the back porch .
another tiny mew proved that he wasn't .
the two girls stared at each other .
a burst of laughter broke the tension .
perhaps the mews we heard were his dying groan .
that 's why he didn't die .
from that time Rusty was one of the family .
by the time Aunt Jamesina came he was plump and glossy and tolerably respectable .
his paw was against every cat , and every cat 's paw against him .
one by one he vanquished the aristocratic felines of Spofford Avenue .
as for human beings , he loved Anne and Anne alone .
nobody else even dared stroke him .
in due time Aunt Jamesina arrived .
she had pink cheeks and snow-white hair which she wore in quaint little puffs over her ears .
my clothes are , and it stands to reason my opinions are , too .
but they 've worn nice and easy .
new shoes are smarter than old ones , but the old ones are more comfortable .
I 'm old enough to indulge myself in the matter of shoes and opinions .
I mean to take it real easy here .
you 're old enough to know how to behave if you 're ever going to be .
aunt Jamesina had brought with her not only the Sarah-cat but Joseph .
I really couldn't refuse .
he 's a beautiful cat that is , his disposition is beautiful .
it certainly was .
it was impossible to say what his ground color was .
his legs were white with black spots on them .
his back was gray with a huge patch of yellow on one side and a black patch on the other .
his tail was yellow with a gray tip .
one ear was black and one yellow .
a black patch over one eye gave him a fearfully rakish look .
in reality he was meek and inoffensive , of a sociable disposition .
Joseph and the Sarah-cat arrived by express in separate boxes .
she had been given to Aunt Jamesina by her washerwoman .
don't worry , Stella .
at this juncture Rusty arrived on the scene .
then he stopped short ; his tail expanded until it was as big as three tails .
she met his onslaught with one contemptuous sweep of her capable paw .
Rusty went rolling helplessly over on the rug ; he picked himself up dazedly .
what sort of a cat was this who had boxed his ears ?
he looked dubiously at the Sarah-cat .
the Sarah-cat deliberately turned her back on him and resumed her toilet operations .
Rusty decided that he would not .
he never did .
from that time on the Sarah-cat ruled the roost .
Rusty never again interfered with her .
but Joseph rashly sat up and yawned .
Rusty , burning to avenge his disgrace , swooped down upon him .
the result was a series of drawn battles .
every day Rusty and Joseph fought at sight .
Anne took Rusty 's part and detested Joseph .
Stella was in despair .
but Aunt Jamesina only laughed .
Joseph needs some exercise he was getting too fat .
they slept on the same cushion with their paws about each other , and gravely washed each other 's faces .
I never noticed before what exquisite things snowflakes really are .
one has time to notice things like that in the simple life .
bless you all for permitting me to live it .
I 'm getting quite expert at marketing .
I 'm going to read you Davy 's letter .
it 's snowing some today and Marilla says the old woman in the sky is shaking her feather beds .
is the old woman in the sky God 's wife , Anne ?
I want to know .
she fell down the cellar stairs last week .
Marilla thought it was an earthquake at first .
but we couldent fix up the stewpan .
Marilla had to throw it out .
thanksgiving was last week .
there was no school and we had a great dinner .
Marilla said I 'd die but I dident .
he does things for jokes .
he laughed fit to kill when he read them .
this was mine .
she must be very handsome and have curly hair .
some poor women haven't any husbands .
the husband of the corpse felt real sorry .
I want to know .
it 's pretty safe , ain't it ?
I just wanted to know .
was she , Anne ?
Mr Harrison has a new man working for him .
he 's awful okward .
Mr Harrison says he is left handed in both his feet .
Mr Barry 's hired man is lazy .
Mrs Lynde says it was a judgment on her for pride .
but I think it was hard on the pig .
Milty Boulter has been sick .
the doctor gave him medicine and it tasted horrid .
I offered to take it for him for a quarter but the Boulters are so mean .
he took three pieces of pie .
if I did that Mrs Lynde would call me piggy .
I want to know .
here are six kisses . xxxxxx .
Dora sends one .
Anne went home with the usual joyous anticipations which were not wholly fulfilled .
almost every day of that ill-starred vacation it stormed fiercely ; and even on fine days it drifted unceasingly .
it was almost impossible to stir out .
Ruby Gillis was sleeping in the white-heaped graveyard ; Jane Andrews was teaching a school on western prairies .
Gilbert , to be sure , was still faithful , and waded up to Green Gables every possible evening .
but Gilbert 's visits were not what they once were .
Anne almost dreaded them .
the significance of this was unmistakable and Anne was in a helpless fury over it .
Davy , however , was perfectly happy .
he reveled in getting out in the morning and shoveling out the paths to the well and henhouse .
no , siree , Anne .
I 'd have cut all their heads off .
are there any bears on P.E . Island , Anne ?
Anne WAS shocked this time .
won't they soon be too old to get married , Anne ?
I hope Gilbert won't court YOU that long .
the kitchen was deserted and she sat down by the window in the fast falling wintry twilight .
the sun had set and the wind had died down .
a pale chilly moon looked out behind a bank of purple clouds in the west .
it did not seem likely .
the only scholarship possible in the Sophomore year was a very small affair .
I 'm not going to be a coward .
it 's three days since we got it .
I 'm a Conservative , Anne .
Mr Harrison had brought the mail , and merry letters from Stella and Priscilla and Phil soon dissipated Anne 's blues .
it takes all the Sarah-cats 's purring to drive away the thought of those snakes .
I have enough faith for everything but the snakes .
sometimes I don't think He did .
Anne had left a thin , typewritten communication till the last , thinking it unimportant .
when she had read it she sat very still , with tears in her eyes .
it is well she is at rest for she has suffered dreadfully , Anne .
this letter is from her lawyer .
Diana told me that story .
they were alone in the living room .
Stella and Priscilla had gone to a committee meeting and Phil was upstairs adorning herself for a party .
Anne laughed .
you 'll be eighteen when you should be a hundred .
yes , I 'm sorry , and a little dissatisfied as well .
I don't feel that it 's what it should be .
that 's my philosophy and it 's always worked pretty well .
it makes one think of a dress of sunshine .
what are looking glasses and men for ?
that wasn't what I meant .
are all my ends tucked in ?
is my skirt straight ?
and would this rose look better lower down ?
I 'm afraid it 's too high it will make me look lop-sided .
but as for noses , mine is a dreadful worry to me .
I know by the time I 'm forty it will be Byrney .
I won't go to a dance all over cat hairs .
I must marry a rich man , Aunt Jamesina .
when Phil had gone Aunt Jamesina looked solemnly at Anne .
aunt Jamesina shook her head .
I do hope so , because I love her .
Anne looked up from Pickwick Papers .
some one has been rapturously happy in it .
am I not up against them now ?
there are enough folks who do .
the world needs people like me , Anne , just to amuse it .
so why should I try to be different ?
oh , dear , I 'm so sleepy .
I was awake until one last night , reading a harrowing ghost story .
and if Stella had not fortunately come in late that lamp would have burned good and bright till morning .
the characters seem always to be reveling on ham and eggs and milk punch .
the mere thought reminds me that I 'm starving .
Phil dashed out to the pantry and Anne betook herself to the orchard in company with Rusty .
it was a moist , pleasantly-odorous night in early spring .
it kept the harbor road muddy , and chilled the evening air .
he came up from the park , his hands full of it .
but he had caught her fairly now ; and even Rusty had deserted her .
Gilbert sat down beside her on the boulder and held out his Mayflowers .
Anne took them and buried her face in them .
I 'm going to visit with Phil in Bolingbroke before I go home .
she wondered what a whole Avonlea summer would be like without Gilbert .
somehow she did not like the prospect .
she wished desperately that Phil would come out .
isn't this a delightful evening ?
do you know , I found a cluster of white violets under that old twisted tree over there today ?
things can't go on like this any longer .
Anne , I love you .
Gilbert asked after a very dreadful pause , during which Anne had not dared to look up .
I do care a great deal for you as a friend .
there was another pause so long and so dreadful that Anne was driven at last to look up .
Gilbert 's face was white to the lips .
and his eyes but Anne shuddered and looked away .
there was nothing romantic about this .
must proposals be either grotesque or horrible ?
could she ever forget Gilbert 's face ?
Gilbert gave a bitter little laugh .
your friendship can't satisfy me , Anne .
Gilbert released her hand gently .
there have been times when I thought you did care .
I 've deceived myself , that 's all .
Anne got herself to her room , sat down on her window seat behind the pines , and cried bitterly .
she felt as if something incalculably precious had gone out of her life .
it was Gilbert 's friendship , of course .
oh , why must she lose it after this fashion ?
Anne did not answer .
at that moment she wished Phil were a thousand miles away .
there , that 's the first sensible thing I 've ever said in my life .
my world has tumbled into pieces .
Anne repeated the words drearily .
well , it was all Gilbert 's fault .
he had spoiled their beautiful comradeship .
she must just learn to live without it .
there was not , however , much time to think about him .
she looked at it with delighted eyes , as she and Phil turned in at the gate .
a very tall , very thin woman opened the door .
they both died of fever at onct .
they left a baby .
I guess it 's dead long ago .
it was a sickly thing .
you 're complected like your pa .
he had red hair .
she was a nice little thing .
my darter went to school to her and was nigh crazy about her .
I keep at my man to build a new kitchen , but he ain't one of your hustlers .
just prowl about yourselves .
I 've got to see to the baby .
the east room was the one you were born in .
it was as a shrine to her .
when Anne went downstairs the lady of the house met her in the hall .
I reckon they didn't last long among that drove of Thomas youngsters .
she could just about talk with hers .
Anne longed to get home to read her precious letters ; but she made one little pilgrimage first .
then she hastened back to Mount Holly , shut herself up in her room , and read the letters .
some were written by her father , some by her mother .
the letters were yellow and faded and dim , blurred with the touch of passing years .
probably it was the last sentence she had ever penned .
the end was very near for her .
those letters have made them REAL to me .
I 'm not an orphan any longer .
spring and Anne Return to Green Gables
in spirit she was roaming olden ways , with feet grown young .
and Anne would be home tomorrow night .
the kitchen door opened .
Marilla looked up expecting to see Mrs Lynde .
haven't I done it a score of times in the Queen 's days ?
Marilla sniffed obligingly , but she was more interested in Anne than in drinking violets .
you must be real tired .
I do love the music of the frogs .
it seems bound up with all my happiest recollections of old spring evenings .
and it always reminds me of the night I came here first .
oh , but it 's good to be home again !
he led his class .
Davy is down at Boulters ' .
say , Anne , I 've grown two inches since last fall .
it 's gone .
I sold it to Milty for two cents .
don't you remember the Sunday last summer when you ran away from Sunday School ?
there 's a great echo in the bush behind the Boulter barn .
no mortal can ever see how fair she is .
you can hear her calling at night ; you can hear her laughing under the stars .
but you can never see her .
and say , Anne , she 's the prettiest girl you ever saw .
she would not admit , even in her inmost reflections , that this was caused by Gilbert 's absence .
apart from this , Anne enjoyed her summer .
Paul adored her , and the companionship between them was beautiful to see .
you know , teacher .
he and Anne had delightful rambles to wood and field and shore .
Charlotta the Fourth had blossomed out into young ladyhood .
I don't want no Yankee accent .
they 're real civilized .
Paul spent his first fortnight with his grandmother Irving in Avonlea .
he could hardly wait to eat his supper .
but it was a very sober Paul who came back from the shore in the twilight .
Paul shook his chestnut curls sorrowfully .
they like only children for playfellows .
Even Nora will not meet you much longer .
you must pay the penalty of growing-up , Paul .
she had never heard of Tallyrand and did not understand epigrams .
Anne spent a fortnight of halcyon days at Echo Lodge in the golden prime of August .
Patty 's Place is the dearest spot , Miss Lavendar .
I feel as if I had two homes one at Green Gables and one at Patty 's Place .
but where has the summer gone ?
when I was little I couldn't see from one end of the summer to the other .
it stretched before me like an unending season .
Miss Lavendar shook her head .
I 'm going to be impertinent and ask what .
you needn't toss that young head of yours .
excuse my mixed metaphors .
I 'm fearfully sleepy .
last night Cousin Emily and I were calling at a neighbor 's .
I knew they would begin on Cousin Emily and me as soon as the door shut behind us .
you can always trust Mrs Lilly to tell you cheerful things like that .
I have a horror of scarlet fever .
I couldn't sleep when I went to bed for thinking of it .
Anne , I had them all .
but this morning I was quite well , so it couldn't have been the fever .
I suppose if I did catch it last night it couldn't have developed so soon .
he is a nice old man and gave me a handful of pink peppermints .
my right-hand neighbor is Mrs Lilly .
she suffered from it for ten years and was finally cured by a traveling doctor .
just wait , Anne Shirley .
you 'll hear all about Jonas in the proper time and place .
he is not to be mixed up with estimable old ladies .
I said the road from the station was very pretty and Miss Maria laughed .
I said there seemed to be a few mosquitoes left yet and Miss Maria laughed .
he has a big , loose-jointed figure with absurdly long legs .
of course he is a graduate of Redmond , and that is a link between us .
we fished and boated together ; and we walked on the sands by moonlight .
he didn't look so homely by moonlight and oh , he was nice .
Niceness fairly exhaled from him .
this is ridiculous .
I went , of course , but I couldn't realize that Jonas was going to preach .
Jonas never said a word about women and he never looked at me .
SHE would be grand and strong and noble .
he was so earnest and tender and true .
he was everything a minister ought to be .
oh , I wish I was like YOU , Anne .
but his grin could never deceive me again .
I had seen the REAL Jonas .
wasn't it dreadful ?
SHE would be no feather , blown about by every fickle wind of fancy .
SHE would always know what hat to put on .
probably she would have only one .
ministers never have much money .
but she wouldn't mind having one hat or none at all , because she would have Jonas .
could I care for a lank , poor , ugly theologue named Jonas ?
I 'm happy and wretched and scared .
HE can NEVER care for me , I know .
do you think I could ever develop into a passable minister 's wife , Anne ?
and WOULD they expect me to lead in prayer ?
but I 'll admit my legs aren't as young as yours .
you go and get some fresh air , Anne .
I want to feel alone and free and wild .
I don't mind .
it 's only old people who should have rheumatism in their souls , though .
Anne was not wont to be troubled with soul fog .
nobody believed her , except Anne .
I never thought you were utterly unfeeling .
quote me correctly .
Gilbert came occasionally on Friday evenings .
he neither sought nor avoided Anne .
when circumstances brought them in contact he talked to her pleasantly and courteously , as to any newly-made acquaintance .
now she saw that she need not have worried .
men have died and the worms have eaten them but not for love .
Gilbert evidently was in no danger of immediate dissolution .
he was enjoying life , and he was full of ambition and zest .
for him there was to be no wasting in despair because a woman was fair and cold .
but Anne snubbed them without fear and without reproach .
if the real Prince Charming was never to come she would have none of a substitute .
so she sternly told herself that gray day in the windy park .
Anne put up her umbrella and hurried down the slope .
Anne clutched at it in despair .
Anne looked up .
he could not have more closely resembled her ideal if he had been made to order .
Anne felt her heart beating strangely .
together they scurried to the pavilion and sat breathlessly down under its friendly roof .
Anne laughingly held up her false umbrella .
the raindrops sparkled on her shining hair ; its loosened rings curled around her neck and forehead .
her companion looked down at her admiringly .
she felt herself blushing under his gaze .
who could he be ?
why , there was a bit of the Redmond white and scarlet pinned to his coat lapel .
and this courtly youth surely was no Freshman .
my name is Royal Gardner .
I put in my Freshman and Sophomore years at Redmond two years ago .
I 've been in Europe ever since .
the rain came steadily down for the best part of an hour .
but the time seemed really very short .
Anne went in with cheeks of flame and her heart beating to her fingertips .
Rusty , who climbed into her lap and tried to kiss her , found a very absent welcome .
that evening a parcel was left at Patty 's Place for Miss Shirley .
it was a box containing a dozen magnificent roses .
or why we should blush divinest rosy-red when we look at his card ?
so does everybody worthwhile in Kingsport .
the Gardners are among the richest , bluest , of Bluenoses .
Roy is adorably handsome and clever .
I smell romance .
but she lay long awake that night , nor did she wish for sleep .
had the real Prince come at last ?
Anne surveyed herself in the mirror of the blue room with girlish satisfaction .
Anne was trying the effect of a white orchid in her hair .
nine nights out of ten I can easily outshine you .
but I don't like orchids on you , Anne .
no ; it isn't jealousy .
I admit I 'm not fond of orchids myself .
I don't think they 're related to me .
he said he had to lead a prayer-meeting in the slums !
I don't believe he wanted to come .
I don't want to begin such work until I 'm really engaged .
so it 's bound to come right .
I won't worry .
by the way , Gilbert Blythe is going about constantly with Christine Stuart .
Anne was trying to fasten a little gold chain about her throat .
she suddenly found the clasp difficult to manage .
WHAT was the matter with it or with her fingers ?
she 's in Kingsport this winter studying music .
but Roy Gardner was foreordained for you .
I can see that now .
she boxed poor Rusty 's ears .
the Sarah-cat did not approve of him .
she always turned her back on him .
but everybody else at Patty 's Place liked him very much .
such remarks made Anne restive .
she turned to Roy with her gayest expression .
yet she really did not see Roy at all .
she was very handsome , in the stately style destined to become rather massive in middle life .
Anne felt a little comforted by this conclusion .
you know the kind .
my daughter is an M.A . she can cook , too .
they captured in their ramble all the mysteries and magics of a March evening .
and I sneezed three times while he was asking me .
wasn't that horrid ?
I 'm besottedly happy .
but there 's a sort of frivolous skin over my soul and I can't take it off .
and I love him .
I never was so surprised in my life as I was when I found out I loved him .
I 'd never thought it possible to fall in love with an ugly man .
fancy me coming down to one solitary beau .
and one named Jonas !
but I mean to call him Jo .
that 's such a nice , crisp little name .
it seems so funny now to remember that I ever thought it possible that I might .
but I knew there was only one man in the world I could ever marry .
I don't know , but Jo has given me a splendid rule .
he thinks everything I do right .
but mother WILL talk .
oh , her tongue will be as Byrney as her nose .
I won't miss the other things .
we 're to be married a year from next June .
Jo graduates from St Columbia this spring , you know .
then he 's going to take a little mission church down on Patterson Street in the slums .
fancy me in the slums !
I shall be poor as gaily as I 've been rich .
you 'll see .
I 'm going to learn how to cook and make over dresses .
aunt Jamesina says I 'll ruin Jo 's career if I marry him .
but I won't .
there is a man in Bolingbroke who lisps and always testifies in prayer-meeting .
well , I love you so much that I can't make nice , light , congratulatory little speeches .
those big gray eyes of yours are brimming over with real friendship , Anne .
some day I 'll look the same way at you .
but Anne had given up trying to analyze the reason of her blushes .
as for Roy , of course she was in love with him madly so .
how could she help it ?
was he not her ideal ?
who could resist those glorious dark eyes , and that pleading voice ?
Anne knew every word of it by heart .
it was very good stuff of its kind , too .
but it was very tolerable magazine verse .
Gilbert would never have dreamed of writing a sonnet to her eyebrows .
but then , Gilbert could see a joke .
she had once told Roy a funny story and he had not seen the point of it .
but who could expect a melancholy , inscrutable hero to see the humorous side of things ?
it would be flatly unreasonable .
everything loves June .
it 'll take me all day tomorrow to do them .
it isn't fair to have to work Saturdays .
but I 'm inclined to have a better opinion of Miss Carson than you have .
I wish old Aunt Atossa 's funeral was tomorrow instead of today .
well , there weren't many tears shed over her , poor old soul .
he only lived a few years after he married her .
poor soul , she always knew everything about her neighbors , but she never was very well acquainted with herself .
would you want Diana to marry a wicked man ?
Marilla spoke rather bitterly .
she was grievously disappointed .
she knew Anne had refused Gilbert Blythe .
Avonlea gossip buzzed over the fact , which had leaked out , nobody knew how .
perhaps Charlie Sloane had guessed and told his guesses for truth .
perhaps Diana had betrayed it to Fred and Fred had been indiscreet .
Mrs Rachel sighed .
she was afraid Providence wouldn't interfere ; and she didn't dare to .
he never wrote to her , and Anne missed the letters that never came .
Diana was to be married in five more days .
Anne was enjoying the excitement of the various preparations , but under it all she carried a little heartache .
two big , painful tears welled up in her gray eyes .
Anne had draped that veil , in accordance with the sentimental compact of years before .
we 've kept it faithfully .
we 've had a beautiful friendship , Diana .
but things can't be quite the same after this .
you 'll have other interests .
I 'll just be on the outside .
getting married can't be so very terrible when so many people survive the ceremony .
oh , Anne , I hear father coming upstairs .
give me my bouquet .
is my veil right ?
Di , darling , kiss me good-bye for the last time .
there , mother 's calling .
Gilbert shook hands courteously .
he was looking very well , though , as Anne instantly noted , rather thin .
as they entered the crowded parlor together a little murmur of admiration ran around the room .
she did not faint , and nothing untoward occurred to interrupt the ceremony .
something of their old comradeship had returned during the informal mirth of the evening .
oh , it was nice to be walking over that well-known road with Gilbert again !
the beauty of moonlight on familiar fields irradiated the world .
Anne assented readily .
but Roy and Christine had made it very safe now .
Anne found herself thinking a good deal about Christine as she chatted lightly to Gilbert .
she had met her several times before leaving Kingsport , and had been charmingly sweet to her .
Christine had also been charmingly sweet .
indeed , they were a most cordial pair .
but for all that , their acquaintance had not ripened into friendship .
evidently Christine was not a kindred spirit .
I 'm going down east to Valley Road next week .
Esther Haythorne wants me to teach for her through July and August .
they have a summer term in that school , and Esther isn't feeling well .
so I 'm going to substitute for her .
in one way I don't mind .
do you know , I 'm beginning to feel a little bit like a stranger in Avonlea now ?
it makes me sorry but it 's true .
half of my pupils are grown up .
Anne laughed and sighed .
where was it now the glory and the dream ?
Anne wondered if he were thinking of Christine .
oh , Avonlea was going to be so lonely now with Diana gone !
Mrs Skinner 's Romance
Janet Sweet asked me this morning if I could bring you out .
just wait , miss , till I shift these bags a bit and I 'll tuck you in somehow .
it 's only two miles to Janet 's .
her next-door neighbor 's hired boy is coming for your trunk tonight .
Anne was eventually tucked in , exchanging amused smiles with herself during the process .
Thomas wanted to hoe his turnips today so he asked me to come .
so I jest sot down and took a standing-up snack and started .
jog along , black mare .
I want to git home airly .
Thomas courted me for quite a spell , though .
Anne tried to picture Mrs Skinner on speaking terms with romance and failed .
y' see , there was another man after me .
jog along , black mare .
I 'd been a widder so long folks had given up expecting me to marry again .
Bime-by Thomas began to come up and so did the other feller William Obadiah Seaman , his name was .
he was by far the best match .
Anne opened her eyes widely and looked at Mrs Skinner .
but there was not a glint of humor on that lady 's face .
then she got married and he just wanted some one to look after his house .
it 's a handsome house .
jog along , black mare .
folks can't get along together in this world without a little bit of love .
jog along , black mare .
so I told Thomas I 'd take him .
but now I never think of it at all , and I 'm just that comfortable and happy with Thomas .
she 'll make him a better wife than his first did .
W.O. never wanted to marry her .
there was a predicament for you .
jog along , black mare .
she wore the same bonnet for eighteen years .
jog along , black mare .
the only way to git him to do anything is to coax him to do the opposite .
but there ain't any love to smooth things down and it 's a poor way of living .
jog along , black mare .
quite pictureaskew , ain't it ?
he always feels dretful tickled when I git a compliment .
jog along , black mare .
well , here we are .
I hope you 'll git on well in the school , miss .
there 's a short cut to it through the ma'sh back of Janet 's .
why , the first night I was here I dreamed I COULDN'T LAUGH .
I don't think there are many to call .
it seems to be my fortune to be mixed up , more or less actively , with elderly love affairs .
so I shall not meddle again .
on the first Thursday night of Anne 's sojourn in Valley Road Janet asked her to go to prayer-meeting .
Janet blossomed out like a rose to attend that prayer-meeting .
Anne felt quite amazed .
later on , she found out Janet 's motive in so arraying herself a motive as old as Eden .
valley Road prayer-meetings seemed to be essentially feminine .
there were thirty-two women present , two half-grown boys , and one solitary man , beside the minister .
Anne found herself studying this man .
his hands were big , his hair wanted barbering , and his moustache was unkempt .
she smiled appreciatively at him and dropped obligingly behind on the moonlit road .
so Janet had a beau !
Anne was delighted .
the house itself was large and comfortable , old enough to be dignified , and girdled with maple groves and orchards .
there were big , trim barns behind it , and everything bespoke prosperity .
Anne had expected old Mrs Douglas to be tall and thin , because Mr Douglas was .
she put up her pretty old face to be kissed .
I 'm delighted to meet you .
Poor Janet blushed , Anne said something polite and conventional , and then everybody sat down and made talk .
she made Janet sit by her and stroked her hand occasionally .
Janet sat and smiled , looking horribly uncomfortable in her hideous dress , and John Douglas sat without smiling .
at the tea table Mrs Douglas gracefully asked Janet to pour the tea .
Janet turned redder than ever but did it .
Anne wrote a description of that meal to Stella .
she settled down in her armchair with a sigh .
for over twenty years I 've been a great sufferer .
well , it can't last very much longer now .
my weary pilgrimage will soon be over , Miss Shirley .
my health would not permit it , Miss Shirley .
I hope and believe that he will be happy .
for the first time in her life she was stupid .
she felt sure he must be ill and hurried poor blushing Janet away .
she was wondering why John Douglas had looked so .
it keeps John all worried up .
three days later Anne came home from school and found Janet crying .
Tears and Janet seemed so incongruous that Anne was honestly alarmed .
John Douglas begun to go with me twenty years ago , before mother died .
there wasn't anything I could do .
mother died when we 'd been going together for eight years .
and that 's the way it has been going on ever since .
people blame ME for it .
but I let them think so .
it 's so dreadful humiliating that John won't ask me .
she thought of Ludovic Speed .
but the cases were not parallel .
John Douglas was not a man of Ludovic 's type .
Janet shook her head .
I suppose I 'm a poor-spirited creature , but that is how I feel .
it isn't too late yet .
take a firm stand .
let that man know you are not going to endure his shillyshallying any longer .
things have drifted so long .
Anne felt that she was disappointed in John Douglas .
he certainly should be taught a lesson , and Anne felt vindictively that she would enjoy seeing the process .
when prayer-meeting was over John Douglas came up with his usual request .
Janet looked frightened but resolute .
without a word he turned and strode down the road .
John Douglas stopped but he did not come back .
Anne flew down the road , caught his arm and fairly dragged him back to Janet .
I made Janet do it .
without a word Janet took his arm and walked away .
Anne followed them meekly home and slipped in by the back door .
Anne was not without a feeble hope that something might come of it after all .
but nothing did .
the summer waned .
Anne taught her school and wrote letters and studied a little .
nevertheless , Anne found life in Valley Road a little monotonous .
to be sure , there was one diverting incident .
but one warm August night he appeared , and solemnly seated himself on the rustic bench by the porch .
he was chewing a straw and he kept on chewing it while he looked solemnly at Anne .
Anne laid her book aside with a sigh and took up her doily .
conversation with Sam was really out of the question .
after a long silence Sam suddenly spoke .
there 's one that 'd suit me over at Millersville .
there was another long silence .
Anne gathered up her poor dignity .
it was such an absurd situation .
I won't change my mind yit awhile .
wall , I must be gitting .
Anne 's illusions concerning proposals had suffered so much of late years that there were few of them left .
so she could laugh wholeheartedly over this one , not feeling any secret sting .
she mimicked poor Sam to Janet that night , and both of them laughed immoderately over his plunge into sentiment .
Janet ran to get her hat .
Anne asked if Mrs Douglas was worse than usual .
Janet came home in the twilight .
it cut me to the heart , Anne .
to think John 's own mother thought I wouldn't marry him because of her !
Janet began to cry drearily .
the evening after the funeral Janet and Anne were sitting on the front porch steps at sunset .
the wind had fallen asleep in the pinelands and lurid sheets of heat-lightning flickered across the northern skies .
Janet wore her ugly black dress and looked her very worst , her eyes and nose red from crying .
they talked little , for Janet seemed faintly to resent Anne 's efforts to cheer her up .
she plainly preferred to be miserable .
suddenly the gate-latch clicked and John Douglas strode into the garden .
he walked towards them straight over the geranium bed .
Janet stood up .
so did Anne .
Anne was a tall girl and wore a white dress ; but John Douglas did not see her .
nineteen years ago she took a terrible spell .
we thought she couldn't live through it .
she implored me to promise not to ask you to marry me while she was alive .
but she begged it on her knees , sick and suffering .
she just didn't want another woman ANY woman there while she was living .
she said if I didn't promise she 'd die right there and I 'd have killed her .
so I promised .
at this moment the stupefied Anne came to her senses and realized that she had no business to be there .
so we mustn't speak evil of her .
but I 'm happy at last , Anne .
of course it will be very quiet .
I don't mind what people say , now that I know the truth myself .
the Last Redmond Year Opens
I shan't .
Phil nodded .
father was calmer .
I had Jo up to Mount Holly , after mother grew calm , and they both loved him .
but mother gave him some frightful hints in every conversation regarding what she had hoped for me .
oh , my vacation pathway hasn't been exactly strewn with roses , girls dear .
but I 've won out and I 've got Jo .
why , pray ?
I think he 's to be envied .
I don't want to see myself as others see me .
I 'm sure it would be horribly uncomfortable most of the time .
Anne acted out Samuel 's proposal with great spirit .
the girls shrieked with laughter and Aunt Jamesina smiled .
there are three old widowers at home who have been casting sheep 's eyes at me for some time .
some of my beaux certainly weren't .
I used to laugh at them scandalous , poor boys .
then there was Dan Winston .
he knew too much .
he knew everything in this world and most of what is in the next .
Milton Edwards was real nice and I liked him but I didn't marry him .
Horatio Reeve was the most interesting beau I ever had .
but when he told a story he dressed it up so that you couldn't see it for frills .
I shall respect their memory .
there 's a box of flowers in your room , Anne .
Anne devoted herself to English , Priscilla pored over classics , and Philippa pounded away at Mathematics .
sometimes they grew tired , sometimes they felt discouraged , sometimes nothing seemed worth the struggle for it .
in one such mood Stella wandered up to the blue room one rainy November evening .
so I came up here and dug these out of my trunk .
my very thoughts are old .
I 've thought them all before .
isn't it worthwhile to think we can share their inspiration ?
and then , all the great souls that will come in the future ?
but my soul remains doleful and uninspired .
I spent a gruesome night in an old country farmhouse last summer .
the roof leaked and the rain came pattering down on my bed .
there was no poetry in THAT .
and then that drip-drop , drip-drop kept up all night until my nerves just went to pieces .
as Phil would say they are killing in more senses than one , for everybody died in them .
but what booted beauty or rich attire ?
they must either be murdered or die of a broken heart .
it 's a harrowing tale of the wanderings of a Methodist minister 's wife .
I made her a Methodist because it was necessary that she should wander .
she buried a child every place she lived in .
I described the children , pictured their several death beds , and detailed their tombstones and epitaphs .
what fun they had had !
among the manuscripts Anne found one written on sheets of wrapping paper .
a wave of laughter filled her gray eyes as she recalled the time and place of its genesis .
Anne glanced over it , then fell to reading it intently .
but a few minutes later Phil looked up to see a transfigured Anne .
what was it ?
when is it to be published ?
dear man , he shall .
it was an old sketch I found in my box .
you never know when or how they will break out .
she always laughed so much that I don't know how she ever came to decide on being a missionary .
then Aunt Jamesina wondered why those giddy girls all laughed .
she ought to be , of course .
Roy must have brought pressure to bear in the matter of this call .
Anne knew she would be weighed in the balance .
Friday afternoon none of the girls had classes at Redmond .
Joseph and Rusty were both curled up in her lap .
a warm plummy odor filled the whole house , for Priscilla was cooking in the kitchen .
at this auspicious moment the knocker sounded .
on the doorstep stood Mrs Gardner and her daughters .
Stella began feverishly gathering up her manuscript .
only Aunt Jamesina and Phil remained normal .
thanks to them , everybody was soon sitting at ease , even Anne .
Aline Gardner was a younger edition of her mother , lacking the cordiality .
she endeavored to be nice , but succeeded only in being haughty and patronizing .
Dorothy Gardner was slim and jolly and rather tomboyish .
Anne knew she was Roy 's favorite sister and warmed to her .
dogs are TOO good and unselfish .
they make me feel uncomfortable .
Priscilla and Anne exchanged agonized glances but could do nothing .
Dorothy lingered behind a moment to squeeze Anne 's hand and whisper impulsively .
oh , Roy has told me all about you .
and the cushion is likewise ruined .
Anne had gone upstairs .
she felt oddly like crying .
but she made herself laugh instead .
you 're at home in Philosophy .
I 've studied and mulled over notebooks until I 'm incapable of forming an opinion of anything .
it 's not to be expected , of course .
experience teaches sense .
you can't learn it in a college course .
well , that justifies higher education in my opinion .
if they live to be a hundred they really don't know anything more than when they were born .
Anne took High Honors in English .
Priscilla took Honors in Classics , and Phil in Mathematics .
Stella obtained a good all-round showing .
Gilbert Blythe 's card lay beside it .
Anne wondered why Gilbert should have sent her flowers for Convocation .
she had seen very little of him during the past winter .
Anne 's own winter had been quite gay socially .
Anne expected it herself .
she could not have told why she did it .
somehow , old Avonlea days and dreams and friendships seemed very close to her in this attainment of her long-cherished ambitions .
she and Gilbert had once picturedout merrily the day on which they should be capped and gowned graduates in Arts .
the wonderful day had come and Roy 's violets had no place in it .
it was not of Aline Gardner 's condescending congratulations , or Dorothy 's ardent , impulsive good wishes .
the Arts graduates gave a graduation dance that night .
in it was a thread-like gold chain with a tiny pink enamel heart as a pendant .
but she had never worn the trinket .
tonight she fastened it about her white throat with a dreamy smile .
she and Phil walked to Redmond together .
suddenly she said ,
Anne did not speak .
in the darkness she felt her face burning .
she slipped her hand inside her collar and caught at the gold chain .
one energetic twist and it gave way .
Anne thrust the broken trinket into her pocket .
her hands were trembling and her eyes were smarting .
aunt Jamesina had a proper respect for the cloth even in the case of an unfledged parson .
Miss Patty and Miss Maria were coming home , after having trotted over most of the habitable globe .
and I 'll be glad enough to be home again .
she had knelt at its window to pray and had bent from it to watch the sunset behind the pines .
she had heard the autumn raindrops beating against it and had welcomed the spring robins at its sill .
what nice times we 've had here , honey !
what chats and jokes and good chummy jamborees !
oh , dear me !
I 'm to marry Jo in June and I know I will be rapturously happy .
besides , I don't suppose I 'll be home very long .
Phil nodded understandingly .
naturally Anne 's plans could not be settled until Roy had spoken .
Anne herself regarded the state of affairs with a seldom-ruffled complacency .
but was anything in life , Anne asked herself wearily , like one 's imagination of it ?
it all sounds as if it were made in heaven , but I have my doubts .
the whole effect was quite flawless .
and it was also sincere .
there was no doubt that Roy meant what he said .
there was no false note to jar the symphony .
but she wasn't ; she was horribly cool .
when Roy paused for his answer she opened her lips to say her fateful yes .
and then she found herself trembling as if she were reeling back from a precipice .
she pulled her hand from Roy 's .
Roy turned pale and also looked rather foolish .
Roy asked more calmly .
a crimson streak came into Roy 's face .
oh , how could she explain ?
there are some things that cannot be explained .
when he came back to Anne , he was very pale again .
Anne shook her head mutely .
but reproaches are idle between us .
you are the only woman I can ever love .
I thank you for your friendship , at least .
it was her hour of humiliation and self-contempt and shame .
their waves went over her .
she slipped into Patty 's Place in the dusk and escaped to her room .
but Phil was there on the window seat .
then you 've just been flirting scandalously with him .
he doesn't .
I 'm in the dust .
this has spoiled everything backwards .
I can never think of Redmond days without recalling the humiliation of this evening .
I 'd have married Alec or Alonzo if I hadn't met Jo .
oh , Anne , things are so mixed-up in real life .
she missed the merry comradeship of Patty 's Place .
in her present mood of self-disgust , she could not immediately begin dreaming again .
and she discovered that , while solitude with dreams is glorious , solitude without them has few charms .
but you are quite right .
he would bore you to death .
Anne had asked wistfully .
you 're too good to lose .
if I can't have you for a sister I mean to keep you as a chum anyway .
and he raved to me just the same both times .
Anne decided not to worry .
her feelings were a mixture of relief and resentment .
Roy had certainly told her she was the only one he had ever loved .
no doubt he believed it .
there were other goddesses , and Roy , according to Dorothy , must needs be worshipping at some shrine .
she came down from the porch gable on the evening of her return with a sorrowful face .
that tree was there ever since I was a young girl .
it blew down in the big gale we had in March .
I 'll never look from its window again without a sense of loss .
it 's a great thing for his family .
she 's a nice enough girl .
he certainly must have money , for he has just showered Jane with jewelry .
Mrs Lynde could not keep some bitterness out of her tone .
and Mrs Harmon Andrews did brag insufferably .
it hasn't been taken for five years !
when they come back they 'll live in a perfect mansion of marble in Winnipeg .
they 're going to keep a cook and two other maids and a coachman and a man-of-all-work .
but Mrs Harmon took swift revenge .
Charlie Sloane tells me she is perfectly beautiful .
Anne decided not to continue her duel with Mrs Harmon .
Mrs Lynde did not spare him in her enumeration of his shortcomings , you may be sure .
Phil Gordon was married the next week and Anne went over to Bolingbroke to be her bridesmaid .
but the wilderness of the Patterson slums will blossom like the rose for me if Jo is there .
and it was just the same when she went back to Avonlea .
the little fat fellow was absurdly like Fred just as round , just as red .
Mrs Allan was visiting in Avonlea , for the first time since leaving it .
her old girl friends had welcomed her back rapturously .
the reigning minister 's wife was an estimable lady , but she was not exactly a kindred spirit .
and oh , I 'm determined that his first memory of me shall be a nice one .
the first memory I have of my mother is of her slapping me for something I had done .
when school came out my sisters went home in different groups , each supposing I was with the other .
we went to her home , which was near the school , and began making mud pies .
we were having a glorious time when my older sister arrived , breathless and angry .
oh , you 're going to catch it !
dread and terror filled my poor little heart .
I had not meant to be naughty .
and now I was to be whipped for it .
my poor wee legs were trembling so that I could hardly stand .
she died very soon afterwards .
that is the only memory I have of her .
she had not walked that way for many moons .
it was a darkly-purple bloomy night .
the air was heavy with blossom fragrance almost too heavy .
the cloyed senses recoiled from it as from an overfull cup .
everything had changed .
Anne felt that she would be glad when the summer was over and she was away at work again .
perhaps life would not seem so empty then .
Paul was almost grown up , too .
but the bond between him and his old teacher still held .
kindred spirits alone do not change with changing years .
it was a wet , bleak , cruel evening in July when Anne came back to Green Gables .
one of the fierce summer storms which sometimes sweep over the gulf was ravaging the sea .
as Anne came in the first raindrops dashed against the panes .
anyway , he wanted to go back tonight .
ain't I glad .
he 'll have to stop crowing about being bigger .
her face had gone so white that Marilla thought she was going to faint .
the doctor said he 'd been terribly run down .
at its window she knelt down , staring out unseeingly .
it was very dark .
the rain was beating down over the shivering fields .
and Gilbert was dying !
she knew that now .
and the knowledge had come too late too late even for the bitter solace of being with him at the last .
if Gilbert went away from her , without one word or sign or message , she could not live .
nothing was of any value without him .
in her hour of supreme agony she had no doubt of that .
he did not love Christine Stuart never had loved Christine Stuart .
and now she must pay for her folly as for a crime .
the storm raged all night , but when the dawn came it was spent .
Anne saw a fairy fringe of light on the skirts of darkness .
soon the eastern hilltops had a fire-shot ruby rim .
a hush fell over the world .
Anne rose from her knees and crept downstairs .
a merry rollicking whistle was lilting up the lane .
a moment later Pacifique Buote came in sight .
Anne 's physical strength suddenly failed her .
if she had not clutched at a low willow bough she would have fallen .
Pacifique was George Fletcher 's hired man , and George Fletcher lived next door to the Blythes .
Mrs Fletcher was Gilbert 's aunt .
he did not see Anne .
she made three futile attempts to call him .
Pacifique turned with a grin and a cheerful good morning .
Anne 's desperation drove her to the question .
even the worst would be more endurable than this hideous suspense .
Pacifique resumed his walk and his whistle .
Anne gazed after him with eyes where joy was driving out the strained anguish of the night .
he was a very lank , very ragged , very homely youth .
but in her sight he was as beautiful as those who bring good tidings on the mountains .
the morning was a cup filled with mist and glamor .
in the corner near her was a rich surprise of new-blown , crystal-dewed roses .
I 'm going to Alice Penhallow 's wedding this evening , you know .
I 'm so sorry .
so Alice Penhallow is to be married tonight .
the house could hardly hold them all .
I was only bidden by grace of being Jane 's old chum at least on Jane 's part .
Anne laughed .
isn't it pretty ?
and I shall wear starflowers in my hair .
the vision made him catch his breath .
but he turned lightly away .
he had come quite often to Green Gables after his recovery , and something of their old comradeship had returned .
but Anne no longer found it satisfying .
the rose of love made the blossom of friendship pale and scentless by contrast .
and Anne had again begun to doubt if Gilbert now felt anything for her but friendship .
in the common light of common day her radiant certainty of that rapt morning had faded .
she was haunted by a miserable fear that her mistake could never be rectified .
it was quite likely that it was Christine whom Gilbert loved after all .
perhaps he was even engaged to her .
but but Anne picked up her green dress and sighed again .
it was as if he had put boyhood behind him forever .
the day was beautiful and the way was beautiful .
Anne was almost sorry when they reached Hester Gray 's garden , and sat down on the old bench .
it wouldn't do for us to have all our dreams fulfilled .
we would be as good as dead if we had nothing left to dream about .
what a delicious aroma that low-descending sun is extracting from the asters and ferns .
Gilbert was not to be thus sidetracked .
Anne wanted to speak but she could find no words .
happiness was breaking over her like a wave .
it almost frightened her .
still Anne could not speak .
he wanted no other answer .
there was so much to talk over and recall things said and done and heard and thought and felt and misunderstood .
Gilbert laughed boyishly .
I knew it and she knew I knew it .
so I did .
and then I liked Christine for her own sake .
she is one of the nicest girls I 've ever known .
I knew college gossip credited us with being in love with each other .
I didn't care .
I believed it until one blessed day when I was sitting up after the fever .
Anne laughed then shivered .
Anne laughed .
I just want YOU .
you see I 'm quite as shameless as Phil about it .
and as for the waiting , that doesn't matter .
we 'll just be happy , waiting and working for each other and dreaming .
Gilbert drew her close to him and kissed her .
End of Project Gutenberg 's Anne Of The Island , by Lucy Maud Montgomery
THE VISION OF THE FOUNTAIN
at fifteen , I became a resident in a country village , more than a hundred miles from home .
one solitary sunbeam found its way down , and played like a goldfish in the water .
from my childhood , I have loved to gaze into a spring .
wherever she laid her hands on grass and flowers , they would immediately be moist , as with morning dew .
they were the reflection of my own .
I breathed ; and there was the face !
I held my breath ; and it was gone !
had it passed away , or faded into nothing ?
Deep were my musings , as to the race and attributes of that ethereal being .
had I created her ?
I watched and waited , but no vision came again .
there was the water gushing , the sand sparkling , and the sunbeam glimmering .
Methought he had a devilish look !
I could have slain him !
in the middle of January , I was summoned home .
a gust of wind blew out my lamp as I passed through the entry .
I noticed that there was less room than usual , to-night , between the collegian's chair and mine .
nothing broke the stillness but the regular click of the matron 's knitting-needles .
were we not like ghosts ?
had I ever heard that sweet , low tone ?
she knew me !
if I transformed her to an angel , it is what every youthful lover does for his mistress .
L.M.A . @number@
up and down three long coasts they went as fast as legs and sleds could carry them .
sang the boys , who had rhymes and nicknames for nearly every one .
Frank invited the whole set , and we shall have a tip-top time .
and Jack pulled out a pair of red mittens with the air of a boy used to giving away .
Jack laughed , and up they trudged to the spot whence the three coasts diverged .
come up and have another .
give me three go-bangs and then we 'll stop .
alas , for the candy-scrape that never was to be !
I 'll be all right when I get my breath .
if I 'd broken every bone I 've got , it would serve me right .
well , that 's a pretty likely place for a spill .
we will do our best ; but next time , look before you leap , and save your bones .
good-night ; you 'll feel better in the morning .
I want to be cold and ache and have horrid things done to me .
it did soothe him , for a very sweet friendship existed between the tall youth and the lad of thirteen .
I forget it listening to the music .
dear old Ed is playing all my favorite tunes , and it is very nice .
Frank could not talk of it .
Gus wouldn't go home to tea , he was so anxious to do something for us .
don't think I want any pieces to remind me of that fall .
I just wish you 'd seen us , mother !
what a fool I was to do it !
Go-bangs always are dangerous , and that 's the fun of the thing .
so she now set his mind at rest by saying , quietly .
another time , stand firm and help Jill to control her headstrong will .
I 'll take better care of her next time .
ward No . @number@
in winter his mother made things more comfortable by introducing rugs , curtains , and a fire .
vases of flowers bloomed on the chimney-piece , gifts from anxious young ladies , left with their love .
till then , what shall we do ?
it 's just what we want for the telegraph wire or rope to go through .
a letter from Jack , with a large orange , went first , explaining the new enterprise :
I am pretty well , but awful tired of keeping still .
I want to see you ever so much .
won't it be jolly !
I send you an orange .
do you like gorver jelly ?
the telly graf is very nice and we will have fun with it .
I never ate any gorver jelly .
the orange was first rate .
send me a book to read .
all about bears and ships and crockydiles .
the doctor was coming to see you , so I sent him the quickest way .
lend a hand and clear away this lot , or we shall have to throw them out of the window .
free lunches at @time@ . till further notice .
they did so , and shouted with merriment when the next despatch from Jill arrived .
Mammy says I can't eat it , and it will all melt away if I keep it .
I wish I could come , too .
don't you hate grewel ?
the boys enjoyed the joke , and one after the other read out his message to the captive lady :
jack pretty lively .
Laura and Lot would send love if they knew of the chance .
Fly round and get well .
would you like a serenade when the moon comes ?
hope you will soon be up again , for we miss you very much .
you won't have to pay for the sled or the fence .
Jack says he will see to it .
we have been having a spread over here .
I wouldn't mind breaking a leg , if I had such good grub and no chores to do .
ain't mothers sweet ?
mine is coming over to-morrow to see you and tell me how you are .
this round thing is a kiss for good-night .
you 'd better hide your face , I think .
ah , Joe 's getting it now !
the red ear heard also , and Jack popped up his head to ask , with interest ,
off ran Frank , and Jack told his wrongs to his mother .
ward No . @number@
Jill was asleep in the folding chair Dr Whiting had sent , with a mattress to make it soft .
with such good friends , I never should complain .
everything is possible to youth and health like Janey 's .
we must keep her happy , and time will do the rest , I 'm sure .
I 'd stick pictures all round and have a gallery .
Up in the garret at our house is a box full of old fashion-books my aunt left .
I often look at them on rainy days , and they are very funny .
I 'll go this minute and get every one .
well , I will begin ; and I 'll be so good , folks won't know me .
they will brighten the tree and please the girls for themselves or their dolls .
Jack sends you a horn for a pattern , and will you make a ladder-necklace to show him how ?
let me know if you need anything .
oh , do you think Mrs Minot will let you fill the horns when they are done ?
I 'd love to help you then .
being torn from this congenial labor , he was carried off shining with grease and roaring lustily .
round the beds of Jack and Jill met and mingled the schoolmates of whom our story treats .
I know !
now eat a bit , and then I 'll make you nice for the day 's pleasure .
I 'm here !
they did look very nice , though happiness was the principal beautifier .
am I really ?
where will I sleep ?
I made Frank tell me so much .
he 's the man for this sort of thing , you know .
he proposed cutting out the arches and sticking on birds and butterflies just where they looked best .
yes , and we are going to keep her in this pretty cage till we can both fly off together .
I 'm glad we could help , though we were ill .
the rosy limbs were very life-like , so was the smiling face under the locks of shining hair .
I never had a better Christmas .
have a raisin ?
I helped to choose them , and each has a nice present .
that square bundle is what you want ever so much .
I told Frank , and he got it for his present .
girls always faint .
I heard the doctor tell my mother so .
the girls all put on their necklaces , and danced about like fine ladies at a ball .
what shall little children bring On Christmas Day in the morning ?
what shall little children sing On Christmas Day in the morning ?
Poor Jack was hurt the worst , and he was brave , though he did scream .
presently a voice whispered ,
Judge of her amazement when she caught in broken whispers these touching words :
forgive and forget .
start fair to-morrow .
feel much better now .
now I 'll have Alsace and Lorraine , @number@
they ought to go in Egypt .
Frank says it is because they keep women shut up so ; but that was only his fun .
the Prussians wear helmets , but they have spikes like the old Roman fellows .
I like Prussians ever so much ; they fight splendidly , and always beat .
not going to try till next week .
I won't look at it till you give all my stamps back and say you are sorry .
guess it isn't hurt much .
our actions are in our own hands , but the consequences of them are not .
but we begin to fear that the little girl is permanently injured in the back .
she was dreadfully scared about Jack , and he is getting well .
I 'd like to ask Doctor , but he might find out about the letter .
Jill had been winding wool for a stripe in her new afghan , and the green ball lay on her sofa .
meantime , we can try to make the waiting as useful and pleasant as possible .
now let us see how the other missionaries got on with their tasks .
I haven't played with dollies for years and years .
indignation gave Merry courage to state her wishes boldly , though she knew the boys would laugh .
I couldn't get on without my pretty girl here , any way .
the little air-tight stove was banished , and a pair of ancient andirons shone in the fire-light .
Glad I can't do any more now !
he wore a hole in his new trousers coasting down the Kembles ' steps .
and can't I wash him ?
I don't want to be frowed to the trockindiles .
hullo , Neddy !
the D.C. meets to-night , at Minot 's , seven sharp .
don't think it , my son .
what a clever fellow you are !
I never heard of an anti-snorer .
they thought it was a good joke , and told me to see what I could do .
here Gus , Ed , and several other boys came in , and the conversation became general .
clearing his throat , Gus read the following brief and elegant report :
a lively pow-wow .
J Flint fined five cents for disrespect to the Chair .
Bob Walker wants to join , and I think we ought to let him .
he is trying to behave well , and I am sure we could help him .
a laugh greeted this bold declaration , and Chick sat down , red but firm .
no , sir ; girls ain't meant to know much , and they can't .
and who can do this so wisely and well as mothers , if they only will ?
she 's young , I know , but a first-rate scholar for her age .
I 'll say that for her .
gazing at Gus , who was convulsed with suppressed merriment , he thundered forth :
rough you may be ; so air our Barrs .
wild you may be ; so air our Buffalers .
here , upon the ancestral ashes cemented with the glorious blood poured out like water on the plains of Chickabiddy Lick .
it 's a little saint , she is .
the girls sympathized very heartily with her new trial , and brought all manner of gifts to cheer her captivity .
all agreed to let it be so , and when the bits were ready drew in turn .
speak low , or you will spoil it all .
there she is !
is it fair ?
I never shall forget it , and I 'll do anything for you .
I 'll write and ask Mrs Piper to lend us her ermine cloak for the king .
don't they look lovely ?
it was a handsome thing to do , and we think well of you for it .
I like her .
Steam-engines had been his idols for years , and they alone could lure him from the path of virtue .
so things went on in a leisurely manner , which gave Frank many opportunities of pursuing his favorite pastime .
for an instant , the boys stood as if paralyzed .
I 'll pay the damages , for it was my fault .
guess we should have been if you had not had your wits about you .
I 'll wait for you here .
he will tell us what to do and what to expect .
won't that be a comfort ?
the good boy has got into a scrape .
the Bird Room was the theatre , being very large , with four doors conveniently placed .
when the evening came , the Bird Room presented a fine appearance .
rows of chairs , filled with mammas and little people , occupied the rest of the space .
he evidently thought it was , for he called , in tones of thunder ,
shouts of laughter greeted this mishap , but George Washington never stirred .
that would help .
what a goose I was not to think of it .
I 'm told you went to the shop on Friday .
and Mr Acton looked disturbed .
but she trusted him in spite of appearances , and that was such a comfort !
it was well he had something to cheer him up at home , for he got little peace at school .
that 's all I can do .
please push up my table .
he got into trouble being seen with Jerry Shannon .
he paid him some money .
I declare I shouldn't wonder !
Sorry he got into a mess .
Jerry said he 'd come here and make a row if I didn't cash up .
I ain't mean .
Glad you wrote .
I told you so !
what 's the matter ?
I 'm all right .
here Jill paused , all out of breath , and Frank said , with an approving pat on the head ,
both have behaved well , and no harm will come to him , I am sure .
you stick to it through thick and thin , no matter how silly or hard it is .
yet they went gallantly to their death rather than disobey orders .
he wouldn't get any wages for some time .
he didn't want any one to know about it , for fear he 'd lose his place .
Jack paused to rub his hands , and Frank said , with more than usual respect ,
that did the mischief , thanks to Joe .
I don't mind the fuss now , and Bob is as kind as he can be .
you are welcome to your secret , Mamma .
your mother showed me that , and I think it is very pretty .
the boys carried her home to the palace , and the queen was glad to have her .
nobody saw the lovely spirit with tender eyes , and a voice that was like balm .
now listen , and I 'll tell you how they both learned to be wiser .
I didn't know I was of any use .
it is like the spring rain , and flowers are sure to follow in good time .
something made the old nursery hymn come into Merry 's head , and humming to herself ,
Dick tried to lower his boisterous laughter , and Harry never smoked in the sitting-room .
Mrs Grant was flying about the kitchen , getting the loaves of brown and white bread ready for the big oven .
the beets ought to be on this minute .
then I 'll show you about darning the tablecloths .
as she braided up her hair , her eye fell upon the reflection of her own face in the glass .
it must be so splendid to feel that you can do great things if you only have the chance .
I don't mind as long as Grandma is all right .
I can see it as I go home every night , and it burns up here like a beacon .
I always look for it , and it hardly ever fails to be burning .
but I couldn't .
it would look well in plaster .
granny , Tobias , Mortification , and Molasses were the elders .
granny , a gray old puss , was the mother and grandmother of all the rest .
Molasses was a yellow cat , the mamma of four of the kits , the fifth being Granny 's latest darling .
I never said a word , and gave up groaning over the clutter , as I couldn't mend it .
she could not imagine what had started the old lady .
he ought to give her something comfortable to live on when she can't do for him any longer .
but Miss Bat seems to have done well by them .
Molly is much improved , and the boy looks finely .
when she came back she sat down to her work , fancying her father still asleep .
she never troubles herself about me if I let her alone .
I nearly broke my neck over the parlor sofa in the hall to-night .
Molly laughed .
don't like house-cleaning well enough to suggest it .
it isn't much , and I didn't know as you would ever observe any difference .
that will be splendid .
get a new hat and coat , child , and any little notions you fancy .
I always meant you to have them , when you were old enough to use or care for them .
run off to bed , child .
come away now , you must not stand any longer .
I 'll do it if you can spare some of these , we have so many .
Bell 's rung !
that 's not fair !
who does not know the fatal charm of that stolen moment for once yield to it , and one is lost .
that 's part of the dressing ; mother said so .
we must look up some bits at noon instead of playing .
there may be something here .
but the pursuer ducked under her arm and gave chase with all speed .
the boys made an arm-chair , and away she went , for a pleasant day downstairs .
as they sat resting on the posts , Gus said ,
who 's to propose Bob if we don't ?
no , we can't go .
our invalids need sea air .
I 'm going into business as soon as I can .
Ed says I may be his book-keeper , if I am ready when he starts for himself .
business would suit you better , and you and Ed would make a capital partnership .
by the way , Ed came home at noon to-day sick .
he won't want any one fussing over him now .
it will seem kind , and I must know how Ed is .
the others were waiting impatiently when he came back with slower steps and a more anxious face .
I see !
there is a blue jacket as well as a red one , so it 's all right .
I can take his boat , or wait till you come back .
Jack remembered that quiet half-hour long afterward , because what followed seemed to impress it on his memory .
it is often said that there should be no death or grief in children 's stories .
the boys had brought fresh boughs to make the grave a green bed for their comrade 's last sleep .
so the tears soon dried , and the young faces looked up like flowers after rain .
somehow everybody seems to love everybody else more for it , and try to be kind and good and pious .
but Molly felt dreadfully , and so did Mabel .
I was so fond of him , I couldn't forget if I tried .
that is what faith means , and without it we are miserable .
could you play that tune for me ?
will you sing it for her , mother ?
dare say we shall want them .
we shall want to know heaps of things , and this tells about everything .
he was absent now , and the visitors took possession of this fine play-place .
I 've found a nice place for Jill to sit , and it 's only a step .
no end of fun up at the hotel , and every one seems glad to see us .
bacon is the fellow in knickerbockers ; just wish you could see what stout legs he 's got !
Cox is the chap for me , though : we are going fishing to-morrow .
he 's got a sweet-looking mother , and a sister for you , Jill .
just under the green bank lay an old boat propped up with some big stones .
Ben Cox and I fixed it for Jill , and she can have it for hers .
it was a good lesson , and made her as meek as a lamb during the rest of her stay .
sit on the piazza if you get tired of this , and amuse yourself quietly till I come back .
every one had gone somewhere , and only little Harry Hammond and his maid were on the beach .
Mamma made me promise not to go sailing without a man to take care of me .
never saw such a lot of folks at this time .
five , ten , fifteen minutes passed , and they did not return .
Jack grew impatient , so did Jill , and bade him run up and bring them back .
there 's nothing to hold on to !
give my love to Victoria !
Up on the hill rustled the wood through which the happy party were wandering to the Chasm .
it would be pretty to read , but I don't want to die that way .
oh , why did I come !
and there it was !
oh , please do stop and get me !
Mammy told me not to ask for a thing , and I 'm sure I don't get a chance .
then the fun will begin , and you must be fresh and ready to enjoy it .
Molly could swim like a duck , and quite covered herself with glory by diving off the pier .
what a good time Molly did have that week !
the children were not the only ones who had learned something at Pebbly Beach .
that hard work is no preparation for four years of still harder study .
but she added , quickly ,
Lem rides , and we can go together .
I 'll see to Jane .
each school showed its best pupils , and the parents looked on at the blooming flower show .
he asked if he might , and mother said Yes .
there 's old Bun .
Jack was sure his rabbit was the biggest there , and went eagerly to look for his premium .
two Annes , three Katherines , and one Jane .
was all I knew about them before .
Jill certainly did wear a white veil on the day she was twenty-five and called her husband Jack .
go down the river once more and have supper on the Island .
we can't barrel these up for a while , so to-morrow will be a holiday for us .
I 've rasped every knuckle I 've got and worn out the knees of my pants .
he always comes up early on Saturday , you know .
End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Jack and Jill , by Louisa May Alcott
a WONDER-BOOK FOR GIRLS AND BOYS
that sociablest of flowers , the little Housatonia , was very abundant .
there were wild geraniums , too , and a thousand white blossoms of the strawberry .
within those small globes of winged seeds it was autumn now !
Well , but we must not waste our valuable pages with any more talk about the spring-time and wild flowers .
there is something , we hope , more interesting to be talked about .
Hereupon they brighten up , and change their grieved looks into the broadest kind of smiles .
THE MIRACULOUS PITCHER .
never was there a prettier or more fruitful valley .
you will hardly believe what I am going to tell you .
they would take off their hats , and make the humblest bows you ever saw .
close behind them came the fierce dogs , snarling at their very heels .
accordingly , she hastened into the cottage .
one thing , certainly , seemed queer .
this staff , in fact , was the oddest-looking staff that Philemon had ever beheld .
it was made of olive-wood , and had something like a little pair of wings near the top .
by this time , Philemon and his two guests had reached the cottage-door .
my good wife Baucis has gone to see what you can have for supper .
there it stood quite still , except that the snakes continued to wriggle .
while Baucis was getting the supper , the travellers both began to talk very sociably with Philemon .
but Philemon , simple and kind-hearted old man that he was , had not many secrets to disclose .
they all went into the cottage .
it is really one of the oddest circumstances in the whole story .
there was a pretty good bunch of grapes for each of the guests .
but the truth is , there is hardly a drop more milk in the pitcher .
the good woman could scarcely believe her eyes .
I suppose I must have made a mistake .
of course , there could not possibly be any left .
never was such honey tasted , seen , or smelt .
if I had poured out the milk , I should have seen through the business , at once .
each of the guests had now taken his bunch of grapes upon his plate .
it was lucky that Philemon , in his surprise , did not drop the miraculous pitcher from his hand .
but the elder traveller had inspired them with such reverence , that they dared not ask him any questions .
they gazed reverently into his face , as if they had been gazing at the sky .
on which side of us does it lie ?
but what was their astonishment !
there was no longer any appearance of a village !
even the fertile vale , in the hollow of which it lay , had ceased to have existence .
for an instant , the lake remained perfectly smooth .
the village had been there yesterday , and now was gone !
you have done well , my dear old friends .
they did so .
and I wish , for all our sakes , that we had the pitcher here now !
AFTER THE STORY .
End of Project Gutenberg 's The Miraculous Pitcher , by Nathaniel Hawthorne
ILLUSTRATED BY GEORGE ALFRED WILLIAMS
New York THE PLATT & PECK CO .
copyright , @number@ by THE BAKER & TAYLOR COMPANY
the success of the book was immediate .
Dickens seems to have put his whole self into these glowing little stories .
but there remains a host of characters marked by humour and pathos .
yet the pictorial presentation of Dickens 's characters has ever tended toward the grotesque .
GEORGE ALFRED WILLIAMS . Chatham , N
Scrooge exclaimed in ecstasy .
BEING A GHOST STORY OF CHRISTMAS
the register of his burial was signed by the clergyman , the clerk , the undertaker , and the chief mourner .
Scrooge signed it .
old Marley was as dead as a door-nail .
Scrooge knew he was dead ?
of course he did .
how could it be otherwise ?
the mention of Marley 's funeral brings me back to the point I started from .
there is no doubt that Marley was dead .
the firm was known as Scrooge and Marley .
it was all the same to him .
external heat and cold had little influence on Scrooge .
foul weather didn't know where to have him .
but what did Scrooge care ?
it was the very thing he liked .
the clerk in the tank involuntarily applauded .
we have never had any quarrel to which I have been a party .
but I have made the trial in homage to Christmas , and I 'll keep my Christmas humour to the last .
this lunatic , in letting Scrooge 's nephew out , had let two other people in .
they had books and papers in their hands , and bowed to him .
it certainly was ; for they had been two kindred spirits .
Scrooge replied .
mine occupies me constantly .
seeing clearly that it would be useless to pursue their point , the gentlemen withdrew .
the cold became intense .
the water-plug being left in solitude , its overflowings suddenly congealed , and turned to misanthropic ice .
Piercing , searching , biting cold .
at length the hour of shutting up the counting-house arrived .
the clerk smiled faintly .
the clerk observed that it was only once a year .
the clerk promised that he would ; and Scrooge walked out with a growl .
Marley 's face .
as Scrooge looked fixedly at this phenomenon , it was a knocker again .
the sound resounded through the house like thunder .
Scrooge was not a man to be frightened by echoes .
darkness is cheap , and Scrooge liked it .
he had just enough recollection of the face to desire to do that .
Sitting-room , bedroom , lumber-room .
old fire-guard , old shoes , two fish baskets , washing-stand on three legs , and a poker .
after several turns he sat down again .
Scrooge then remembered to have heard that ghosts in haunted houses were described as dragging chains .
the same face : the very same .
the chain he drew was clasped about his middle .
no , nor did he believe it even now .
a slight disorder of the stomach makes them cheats .
Scrooge fell upon his knees , and clasped his hands before his face .
again the spectre raised a cry , and shook its chain and wrung its shadowy hands .
Scrooge trembled more and more .
you have laboured on it since .
I cannot rest , I cannot stay , I cannot linger anywhere .
it was a habit with Scrooge , whenever he became thoughtful , to put his hands in his breeches pockets .
not to know that no space of regret can make amends for one life 's opportunities misused !
don't be flowery , Jacob !
it was not an agreeable idea .
Scrooge shivered , and wiped the perspiration from his brow .
Scrooge knew this by the smart sound its teeth made when the jaws were brought together by the bandage .
it beckoned Scrooge to approach , which he did .
Scrooge stopped .
Scrooge followed to the window : desperate in his curiosity .
he looked out .
Many had been personally known to Scrooge in their lives .
Scrooge closed the window , and examined the door by which the Ghost had entered .
THE FIRST OF THE THREE SPIRITS
so he listened for the hour .
it was past two when he went to bed .
the clock was wrong .
an icicle must have got into the works .
he touched the spring of his repeater , to correct this most preposterous clock .
its rapid little pulse beat twelve , and stopped .
at length it broke upon his listening ear .
Light flashed up in the room upon the instant , and the curtains of his bed were drawn .
the curtains of his bed were drawn aside , I tell you , by a hand .
its legs and feet , most delicately formed , were , like those upper members , bare .
even this , though , when Scrooge looked at it with increasing steadiness , was not its strangest quality .
the voice was soft and gentle .
the city had entirely vanished .
not a vestige of it was to be seen .
the Spirit gazed upon him mildly .
the jocund travellers came on ; and as they came , Scrooge knew and named them every one .
what was merry Christmas to Scrooge ?
Scrooge said he knew it .
and he sobbed .
fowls clucked and strutted in the stables ; and the coach-houses and sheds were overrun with grass .
they went , the Ghost and Scrooge , across the hall , to a door at the back of the house .
the Spirit touched him on the arm , and pointed to his younger self , intent upon his reading .
Scrooge exclaimed in ecstasy .
yes , yes , I know .
and the Sultan 's Groom turned upside down by the Genii : there he is upon his head !
serve him right !
Scrooge exclaimed in ecstasy .
Poor Robin Crusoe he called him , when he came home again after sailing round the island .
the man thought he was dreaming , but he wasn't .
it was the Parrot , you know .
there goes Friday , running for his life to the little creek !
there was a boy singing a Christmas Carol at my door last night .
Scrooge 's former self grew larger at the words , and the room became a little darker and more dirty .
he was not reading now , but walking up and down despairingly .
father is so much kinder than he used to be , that home 's like Heaven !
I will not gainsay it , Spirit .
the Ghost stopped at a certain warehouse door , and asked Scrooge if he knew it .
they went in .
there he is .
he was very much attached to me , was Dick .
Christmas-eve , Dick .
Christmas , Ebenezer !
Hilli-ho , Dick !
there was nothing they wouldn't have cleared away , or couldn't have cleared away , with old Fezziwig looking on .
it was done in a minute .
then old Fezziwig stood out to dance with Mrs Fezziwig .
as to her , she was worthy to be his partner in every sense of the term .
if that 's not high praise , tell me higher , and I 'll use it .
a positive light appeared to issue from Fezziwig 's calves .
they shone in every part of the dance like moons .
when the clock struck eleven , this domestic ball broke up .
during the whole of this time Scrooge had acted like a man out of his wits .
his heart and soul were in the scene , and with his former self .
he corroborated everything , remembered everything , enjoyed everything , and underwent the strangest agitation .
is it not ?
he has spent but a few pounds of your mortal money : three or four , perhaps .
he felt the Spirit 's glance , and stopped .
for again Scrooge saw himself .
she shook her head .
you are changed .
in everything that made my love of any worth or value in your sight .
he seemed to yield to the justice of this supposition in spite of himself .
I do ; and I release you .
he was about to speak ; but , with her head turned from him , she resumed .
she left him , and they parted .
conduct me home .
I don't wish to see it .
but the relentless Ghost pinioned him in both his arms , and forced him to observe what happened next .
though I never could have been so rude , no , no !
then the shouting and the struggling , and the onslaught that was made on the defenceless porter !
the shouts of wonder and delight with which the development of every package was received !
the joy , and gratitude , and ecstasy !
his partner lies upon the point of death , I hear ; and there he sat alone .
take me back !
THE SECOND OF THE THREE SPIRITS
he obeyed .
it was his own room .
there was no doubt about that .
but it had undergone a surprising transformation .
Scrooge entered timidly , and hung his head before this Spirit .
Scrooge reverently did so .
it was clothed in one simple deep green robe , or mantle , bordered with white fur .
the Ghost of Christmas Present rose .
I went forth last night on compulsion , and I learnt a lesson which is working now .
Scrooge did as he was told , and held it fast .
the poulterers ' shops were still half open , and the fruiterers ' were radiant in their glory .
for they said , it was a shame to quarrel upon Christmas-day .
and so it was !
God love it , so it was !
think of that !
at last the dishes were set on , and grace was said .
there never was such a goose .
Bob said he didn't believe there ever was such a goose cooked .
its tenderness and flavour , size and cheapness , were the themes of universal admiration .
suppose it should not be done enough !
suppose it should break in turning out !
all sorts of horrors were supposed .
the pudding was out of the copper .
that was the cloth .
a smell like an eating-house and a pastrycook's next door to each other , with a laundress's next door to that !
that was the pudding !
oh , a wonderful pudding !
it would have been flat heresy to do so .
any Cratchit would have blushed to hint at such a thing .
two tumblers and a custard cup without a handle .
he sat very close to his father 's side , upon his little stool .
Scrooge hung his head to hear his own words quoted by the Spirit , and was overcome with penitence and grief .
will you decide what men shall live , what men shall die ?
but he raised them speedily on hearing his own name .
you know he is , Robert !
long life to him !
a merry Christmas and a happy New Year !
the children drank the toast after her .
it was the first of their proceedings which had no heartiness in it .
Scrooge was the Ogre of the family .
a light shone from the window of a hut , and swiftly they advanced towards it .
passing through the wall of mud and stone , they found a cheerful company assembled round a glowing fire .
introduce him to me , and I 'll cultivate his acquaintance .
and their assembled friends , being not a bit behindhand , roared out lustily .
they are always in earnest .
who suffers by his ill whims ?
here he takes it into his head to dislike us , and he won't come and dine with us .
what 's the consequence ?
it was their turn to laugh , now , at the notion of his shaking Scrooge .
after tea they had some music .
but they didn't devote the whole evening to music .
he always knew where the plump sister was .
he wouldn't catch anybody else .
but she joined in the forfeits , and loved her love to admiration with all the letters of the alphabet .
but this the Spirit said could not be done .
at last the plump sister , falling into a similar state , cried out :
I know what it is , Fred !
the chimes were ringing the three-quarters past eleven at that moment .
they knelt down at its feet , and clung upon the outside of its garment .
they were a boy and girl .
where angels might have sat enthroned , devils lurked , and glared out menacing .
Scrooge started back , appalled .
Scrooge could say no more .
this boy is Ignorance .
this girl is Want .
the bell struck Twelve .
THE LAST OF THE SPIRITS
he knew no more , for the Spirit neither spoke nor moved .
that was the only answer he received .
it gave him no reply .
the hand was pointed straight before them .
the night is waning fast , and it is precious time to me , I know .
the phantom moved away as it had come towards him .
the Spirit stopped beside one little knot of business men .
observing that the hand was pointed to them , Scrooge advanced to listen to their talk .
he hasn't left it to me .
this pleasantry was received with a general laugh .
but I 'll offer to go if anybody else will .
Speakers and listeners strolled away , and mixed with other groups .
Scrooge knew the men , and looked towards the Spirit for an explanation .
its finger pointed to two persons meeting .
Scrooge listened again , thinking that the explanation might lie here .
he knew these men , also , perfectly .
that was their meeting , their conversation , and their parting .
nor could he think of any one immediately connected with himself , to whom he could apply them .
quiet and dark , beside him stood the Phantom , with its outstretched hand .
it made him shudder , and feel very cold .
you were made free of it long ago , you know ; and the other two an't strangers .
stop till I shut the door of the shop .
Ha ! ha !
we 're all suitable to our calling , we 're well matched .
come into the parlour .
the parlour was the space behind the screen of rags .
open that bundle , old Joe , and let me know the value of it .
we knew pretty well that we were helping ourselves before we met here , I believe .
it 's no sin .
it was not extensive .
Mrs Dilber was next .
her account was stated on the wall in the same manner .
Scrooge listened to this dialogue in horror .
he frightened every one away from him when he was alive , to profit us when he was dead !
the case of this unhappy man might be my own .
my life tends that way now .
Scrooge glanced towards the Phantom .
its steady hand was pointed to the head .
strike , Shadow , strike !
he thought , if this man could be raised up now , what would be his foremost thoughts ?
avarice , hard dealing , griping cares ?
they have brought him to a rich end , truly !
a cat was tearing at the door , and there was a sound of gnawing rats beneath the hearth-stone .
in leaving it , I shall not leave its lesson , trust me .
still the Ghost pointed with an unmoved finger to the head .
again it seemed to look upon him .
at length the long-expected knock was heard .
the only emotion that the Ghost could show him , caused by the event , was one of pleasure .
the mother and her daughters were engaged in sewing .
but surely they were very quiet !
where had Scrooge heard those words ?
the mother laid her work upon the table , and put her hand up to her face .
they were very quiet again .
so had all .
Bob was very cheerful with them , and spoke pleasantly to all the family .
he looked at the work upon the table , and praised the industry and speed of Mrs Cratchit and the girls .
they would be done long before Sunday , he said .
but you 'll see it often .
I promised him that I would walk there on a Sunday .
he broke down all at once .
he couldn't help it .
he was reconciled to what had happened , and went down again quite happy .
they drew about the fire , and talked ; the girls and mother working still .
Spirit of Tiny Tim , thy childish essence was from God !
I see the house .
the Spirit stopped ; the hand was pointed elsewhere .
the inexorable finger underwent no change .
Scrooge hastened to the window of his office , and looked in .
it was an office still , but not his .
the furniture was not the same , and the figure in the chair was not himself .
the Phantom pointed as before .
he paused to look round before entering .
here , then , the wretched man , whose name he had now to learn , lay underneath the ground .
it was a worthy place .
the Spirit stood among the graves , and pointed down to One .
he advanced towards it trembling .
still the Ghost pointed downward to the grave by which it stood .
the finger pointed from the grave to him , and back again .
the finger still was there .
I am not the man I was .
I will not be the man I must have been but for this intercourse .
for the first time the hand appeared to shake .
the kind hand trembled .
I will live in the Past , the Present , and the Future .
the Spirits of all Three shall strive within me .
in his agony , he caught the spectral hand .
it sought to free itself , but he was strong in his entreaty , and detained it .
THE END OF IT
yes ! and the bedpost was his own .
the bed was his own , the room was his own .
oh , Jacob Marley !
heaven and the Christmas Time be praised for this !
he had been sobbing violently in his conflict with the Spirit , and his face was wet with tears .
they will be .
I am as giddy as a drunken man .
there 's the corner where the Ghost of Christmas Present sat !
there 's the window where I saw the wandering Spirits !
I don't know anything .
I 'm quite a baby .
I don't care .
he was checked in his transports by the churches ringing out the lustiest peals he had ever heard .
clash , clash , hammer ; ding , dong , bell !
Bell , dong , ding ; hammer , clang , clash !
running to the window , he opened it , and put out his head .
the Spirits have done it all in one night .
they can do anything they like .
of course they can .
of course they can .
Scrooge inquired .
do you know whether they 've sold the prize Turkey that was hanging up there ?
come back with the man , and I 'll give you a shilling .
the boy was off like a shot .
it 's twice the size of Tiny Tim .
what an honest expression it has in its face !
it 's a wonderful knocker !
here 's the Turkey .
how are you ?
it was a Turkey !
he never could have stood upon his legs , that bird .
I hope you succeeded yesterday .
allow me to ask your pardon .
and it was clear he meant to do it .
I thank you fifty times .
he had never dreamed that any walk that anything could give him so much happiness .
in the afternoon he turned his steps towards his nephew 's house .
he passed the door a dozen times before he had the courage to go up and knock .
but he made a dash , and did it .
I have come to dinner .
let him in !
it is a mercy he didn't shake his arm off .
he was at home in five minutes .
nothing could be heartier .
his niece looked just the same .
so did Topper when he came .
so did the plump sister when she came .
so did every one when they came .
but he was early at the office next morning .
oh , he was early there !
that was the thing he had set his heart upon .
and he did it ; yes , he did !
the clock struck nine .
a quarter past .
Scrooge sat with his door wide open , that he might see him come into the tank .
I think you are .
Bob trembled , and got a little nearer to the ruler .
Scrooge was better than his word .
E-text prepared by Josephine Paolucci and the Project Gutenberg Online Distributed Proofreading Team
KITTY'S CLASS DAY AND OTHER STORIES
L M ALCOTT .
isn't he kind ?
Kitty paused suddenly , as if the last all-important question had a solemnizing effect upon both mind and body .
and Pris took up her work with an air of resignation .
nothing would induce me to go to Class Day without a train .
so simple , yet distingu , I know you 'll like it .
they were poor , and every penny had to be counted .
here was a catastrophe !
Kitty had no money , for the gloves were already bought .
I thought this organdie would be more comfortable and appropriate this warm day .
do I look nice , really ?
I 'll make you laugh over it some time .
a pretty dress , sunshine , and somebody opposite , and they are blest .
then the closing flourishes , the grand crush , and general scattering .
for the first time in her life , Kitty deliberately flirted .
there he locked the door , and began to comfort her by making light of the little mishap .
and Kitty threw off her bonnet , as if even that airy trifle hurt her .
she ended with a little sob , and turned her face away to hide the trembling of her lips .
they are more refreshing than oceans of tea .
something had happened to the evening and the place , for both seemed suddenly endowed with uncommon beauty and interest .
Fletcher 's ambrosial curls would have been scorched off his head .
don't throw them away .
Polly gave a groan , and pulled a bright ribbon from her hair .
but the dreaded salute did not come , for Aunt Kipp exclaimed in alarm ,
I 'll tell you a secret , if you won't let Polly know I spoke first .
Van settled it last week , and Polly 's been so happy ever since .
I won't have any ridiculous baa-baas in my family .
she 's worse than measles , any day , such an old aggrawater !
he will probably make things ten times worse , he 's so bashful and queer .
do you really mean to let your girl marry this Lamb ?
the amiable old lady thought this would rouse Polly , against whom her anger still burned hotly .
if Van is a fool , I prefer simpletons to wiseacres .
it was a party of pleasure that just suited her , for all the fun was on her side .
keep a taut rein !
let me out !
tell mother I stood by you like a man .
Mrs Kipp was extricated and restored to consciousness ; for a more ludicrously deplorable spectacle was seldom seen .
having heard of Toady 's gallant behavior , she solemnly ordered him up to receive her blessing .
he sees my doom in my face , and is overcome by what you refuse to believe .
I shan't forget that boy 's devotion .
Van Bahr Lamb did look rather like a sheep .
I 'm tired of being a slave to a cruel old woman just because she 's rich .
but you are not going to be poor , nor worry about anything .
there was a dash and daring , a generosity and integrity , about the little fellow , that charmed her .
yes , I 'll tell you one about a little boy who had a kind old ahem ! grandma .
if he gave her any he lost it all ; the old lady said so .
I object to you altogether .
and Van actually laughed and bowed in return for the compliment .
and with one promiscuous plunge the Spartan boy cast himself into her arms .
Mr Lamb , you are not a fool , but a very excellent young man .
I thank you for saving my life , and I wish you well with all my heart .
you needn't say anything .
and all the rest joined her , for Toady 's sentimental air was irresistible .
I dare say you will have them all before we know where we are .
I shall settle things to-morrow , and have a free mind .
my portfolio slipped , and my papers went flying all about the landing .
we 'll call him Michael Angelo , and he shall be your idol .
just as I came up , the umbrella fell right before me .
she soon ceased to wonder what it was , feeling only the indescribable charm of something higher than beauty .
was thy dream then a shadowy lie ?
take a day as a sample .
it 's hard times for every one , but father will pull through all right .
come in and stay with me ; you are such a mouse you won't disturb me .
I wanted to go dreadfully ; but everybody is so busy all the time .
in the autumn May died , whispering , with her arms about her sister 's neck ,
all turned to Sy for help and consolation , and her strength seemed to increase with the demand upon it .
Patience and cheerfulness , courage and skill came at her call like good fairies who had bided their time .
the studio door remained locked till her brothers begged Psyche to open it and make a bust of the child .
the gate swung invitingly open , and all the ground before it was blue with violets .
there is Tom 's gunpowder , Dick 's fishhooks , and one of Professor Gazzy 's famous turtles for Harry .
she glanced at the posy in his button-hole and smiled .
I didn't know I had lost it .
the moment I saw your name I shut it up .
that is the charm of feminine faces , a charm so subtile that few can catch and keep it .
I 'm going to make it a real old-fashioned frolic , and won't you come and help me ?
this is our host , my cousin , Saul Basset .
I wait with interest to discover if he has one .
what a daisy the sister is .
you shall hear her when she gets over her shyness .
we will sit about the fire and tell stories .
here Randal was interrupted by Saul himself , who came in with an armful of wood for the fire .
are you troubled with dyspepsy , dear ?
don't light the lamps yet , please , but talk away and let me make a mental study of you .
better wait and see what they can do alone .
it is very hard to find new finales .
in times like that men talk like brothers and show what they are .
he had one chance and gave it cheerfully .
I never should have waked up if it hadn't been for Joe .
the Bassets were charmed .
they found it difficult to keep their word when they were called at half past six next morning .
I should be so glad to have you wear my flowers .
the maternal wing is a safe shelter for confiding little souls like you , Miss Ruth .
before Randal could reply Aunt Plumy approached like a maternal hen who sees her chicken in danger .
take your choice of the crimson , blue or silver-gray damask .
you must wear the blue and primrose , with the distracting high-heeled shoes .
the view from the hill is well worth seeing , for the snow glorifies the landscape and reminds one of Switzerland .
I never knew before what winter woods were like .
Poor Bruce is hurt , but we 've sent for help .
as she spoke Emily saw the papers disappear in a portfolio , and Sophie rose with a yawn .
a dashing sleigh-ride occupied the afternoon , and then great was the fun and excitement over the costumes .
now you all go to bed and lay as late as you like to-morrow .
you always were odd , but this last freak is the strangest of all .
Sophie , you will repent .
To-night he asked me to stay , and no power in the world can part us .
silence followed the last words , while the friendly moon climbed up the sky .
that finished me .
the gentler request was answered presently , very steadily , very quietly .
the words broke from him like a sudden groan , when some old wound is rudely touched .
that roused her spirit .
there is always time for penitence , always certainty of pardon .
this confession startled his hearers , as he knew it would , for he had kept his secret well .
I 'll tell you how it came about .
I held my tongue , and behaved my best to prove my gratitude , you know .
of course , I loved Margaret very soon .
how could I help it ?
then I knew that she loved me , and my secret broke out against my will .
I don't deserve her , but I will .
we were married in the morning , and at noon I had to go .
you say I fight well .
you tell me I have no ambition .
ah , fair and fatal decoration , serving as a mark for a hidden foe !
HOW THEY WERE FOUND
do not be ungrateful to uncle or unjust to yourself .
Amy seized them , and stepping inside the window , examined them by the candle .
what a fop to get up his gloves in this style !
they are exquisite , though .
handsome hands wore these .
Helen laughed at the girl 's interest , and was satisfied if any trifle amused her ennui .
but Amy arrested her on the way to the door .
here he is oh , Nell , he 's a baron !
isn't that charming ?
he will thank us , and I can say I 've known a real baron .
that will be so nice when we go home .
Amy looked and saw a white , shapely hand with an antique ring on the third finger .
lean back and look some four or five seats lower down on the right .
Helen obeyed , but almost instantly bent to her plate again , smiling in spite of herself .
being hungry , Amy devoted herself to her dinner , till dessert was on the table .
he will sow his wild oats and make a grand man in time .
all five went down the hall and stood talking near the door .
I knew him by his hand and ring .
he will be there with a party of gentlemen .
you can easily manage it , men are so free and easy .
I know the gloves will bring us fun of some kind .
do you take one and I 'll take the other , and see who will find the baron first .
I may be bewitched by this mid-summer moonlight , but it really is very like it .
KARL , THE COURIER
a tap at the door , which stood half open , made both look up .
he bowed again , and said , simply ,
I forgot all about it .
Amy began to hand him her miscellaneous collection of bags , books , shawls and cushions .
he begged me not to mention it , but I thought you 'd like the romance of the thing .
Karl , what 's that old castle up there ?
with this , one can make one 's way everywhere .
I will save you .
help is coming .
Karl 's voice died in a stifled groan , and Helen cried out in alarm ,
I keep the ruins from falling in to crush us .
bring him to me .
I am strong now .
I want to help .
the little ones cry for hunger , so I ransack the ruins and bring away my spoils .
Dawn was reddening the east when a welcome whistle broke up the camp .
Hoffman submitted in bashful silence , as if surprised and touched by the young lady 's interest .
the excitement and suspense of the major and Amy can be imagined when news of the accident reached them .
on the afternoon of the last day the major and young ladies drove off to the castle for a farewell view .
Lottchen never faints on a frolic .
some poor little girl lost in earnest .
I was very thoughtless , but now let me atone for it .
shall we go ?
I have lived here by the week together .
can we get down safely ?
and Amy still hesitated , with an odd mixture of fear and coquetry .
without a word he took her hand and led her back through the labyrinth she had threaded in her bewilderment .
now I am safe .
rude man , to take advantage of me so .
he is quick to take offence , especially where we are concerned .
he doesn't understand foreign ways , and may get into trouble .
let me speak , or you will say too much .
it is easy to find persons if one has a clue .
Helen showed it .
he glanced at the initials , and laid it down with a slight smile .
I dare say it is a mistake , and the man is English .
one of them had been named Samuel Peters , and he , doubtless , was the owner of the ring .
that spoils all the romance and dims the beauty of the diamond .
the major took one look , shrugged his shoulders , and returned to his book .
presently a hollow cough gave Helen a pretext for discovering the nationality of the newcomer .
she repeated it in French , lightly touching his cloak to arrest his attention .
I thank you , and tell you what you will .
exposure , privation , and sorrow will finish what the Russian bullets began .
but it is well .
Helen spoke warmly , and the young man listened with a brightening face .
here the train stopped again , and Hoffman came to ask if the ladies desired anything .
ah well , the good God knows best .
all day they travelled together , and as Baden-Baden approached , they naturally fell to talking of the gay place .
it 's not an amusement for respectable Englishwomen , or men either .
I have a friend who has a mania for giving .
his own fortune was spent in helping needy students at the University , and poor professors .
he hates slavery of all kinds , and will be free at all costs .
he is a good son , but his father is tyrannical , and asks too much .
many consider him wild , because he is original , and dares act for himself .
you want to see the Lake of Geneva , Chillon , and that neighborhood .
that 's capital !
as she took the hand , the girl blushed and half smiled , remembering the vaults and the baron .
it was worth the long ascent , that wide-spread landscape basking in the August glow .
he did so , and a few masterly strokes gave the sketch what it needed .
Mercy , what 's that ?
how could he do it ?
Helen and Amy looked at each other with a mutual smile and exclamation ,
Casimer presented the flowers , as if the exploit was a mere trifle .
and Amy led the way to the major with her flowers and their giver .
Helen roamed into one of the ruined courts for a last look at a fountain which pleased her eye .
keep silent and I shall soon be with you .
CHATEAU DE LA TOUR
you are as particular as your aunt .
at Lausanne they waited while he crossed the lake to secure rooms at Vevay .
a salon and four bed-rooms .
I engaged them all , thinking that Teblinski might like a room there till he finds lodgings at Montreaux .
the last hour that struck was three , and soon the summer dawn reddened the sky .
such things had been , and she was in a mood to believe anything .
the waxen mask was life-like , the attitude effective , and the cell excellently arranged .
in old times there really was a hermit here , and this is his effigy .
Hoffman looked much concerned .
it usually is , but that room being unused , it was forgotten .
I shall not go about this place alone , for fear of lighting upon some horror of this sort .
pretty flower ; I know its meaning in English , for it is the same with us .
meantime the others had descended and gone their separate ways .
Helen watched over Amy 's health , but no longer offered advice or asked confidence .
Amy colored , but had her return shot ready .
thinking to rouse him , she said , in French ,
can we do anything for you ?
and , to her great surprise , he rose and left her , without another word .
suddenly she left the room and did not return .
you are so odd to-night I can't understand you .
the feeling grew , but I discovered nothing till to-day .
it will make you laugh , it was so unromantic .
the woman was waiting for her money , and I asked her .
Little Roserl came crying through the hall an hour ago , and I asked what the trouble was .
I looked into it ; no name , but the same coat-of-arms as the glove and the handkerchief .
he says he is a polisson , a rogue , fond of jokes , and clever at playing them .
here a maid tapped to say that tea was served .
plead headache to excuse your paleness , and I 'll keep people away .
some one was pacing up and down the garden , hatless , in the dew .
Amy forgot everything but the danger of such exposure to her reckless friend .
his cloak and hat lay on a chair ; she caught them up and glided unperceived from the long window .
you are angry .
she could not see his face , but his voice was steady and his manner earnest .
I try to hide it .
I plan to go away .
I have been very selfish .
he 'll die , and I can't help him , see him , or be anything to him .
as Helen was about to leave the salon Casimer appeared .
Helen glanced from the flowers he held to his beseeching face , and her own softened .
name , then , the condition .
do not deny me this .
let us ask him if Casimer is worse .
leaving Amy to compose herself , Helen went away to find Hoffman .
will the ladies drive , sail , or make a little expedition ?
it is fine , and mademoiselle looks as if the air would refresh her .
she looked up quickly , relieved , yet troubled .
I am not annoyed ; I am glad , for I know you will sustain him .
now I may speak freely , and be equally frank .
the exclamation broke from Hoffman as if an irrepressible impulse wrung it from him .
Helen started , and for a moment neither spoke .
till he denied it on his honor I believed him to be Baron Palsdorf .
not a word said Hoffman , but looked on the ground , as motionless and expressionless as a statue .
you Germans love masquerades and jokes .
he met her eye to eye , and never wavered till her own fell .
the name just flashed on me , and it clears up my doubts .
he sobered in a breath , and with an entire change of countenance said , in an embarrassed tone ,
all were glad to go , hoping in the novelty and excitement to recover their composure .
she assented , and away they went as nimbly as the best .
Amy gave him her hand with a glad assent , and Helen was left alone .
as he impatiently opened it , the wind blew the paper into Helen 's lap .
the major laughed , shrugged his shoulders , and answered , stoutly ,
Helen is my ward , and accountable to me alone .
suddenly both girls colored , fluttered , and became intensely interested .
and , having fired his last shot , the major prudently retreated , without waiting to see its effect .
I simply said my name was Hoffman .
the facts are true , but he doubtless glorified the simplest by his way of telling it .
she yielded her hand now , and her eyes were full of happiness , yet she added , wistfully ,
meanwhile another scene was passing in the garden .
years ago you and I played together as babies , and our fond mammas vowed we should one day mate .
I 'll show you my scars some day ; but never mind that now .
your mother told me much about you , and I saw she would not frown upon my suit .
you were in Switzerland , and I went after you .
I 've betrayed myself a dozen times , and you never saw it .
I should think you 'd be devoured with remorse .
I give you my word it was all done on the spur of the minute .
was I very pathetic and tragical .
he was in earnest now ; she felt it , and her anger melted away like dew before the sun .
you will go home with us now , and let us take care of you in quiet England .
something softer than pity stole into her eye , as she said , anxiously ,
as the excitement subsided the major said , simply ,
it was under a blue cap that I first saw the honest face of Joe Collins .
in the third year of the late war a Maine regiment was passing through Boston , on its way to Washington .
I knew a word about home would comfort him , so I went on with my questions .
mother was a regular old hero about it and I dropped everything , and come off .
but it was a different scene now than in the first enthusiastic , hopeful days .
even the lookers-on were different now .
I exclaimed , pouring the last spoonful of soup down his throat so hastily that I choked him .
I asked , feeling sure that no slight affliction had brought Joe there .
Jim was evidently sick and selfish .
I kept that card among my other relics , and hoped to meet Joe again somewhere in the world .
a tall man with gray hair and beard , one arm , and a blue army-coat .
I asked , as he sat turning his cap round , not quite knowing where to begin .
I asked very naturally .
but it will be pleasant to look forrard to a snug harbor bymeby .
I asked , as we subsided with a general laugh .
WHAT THE BELLS SAW AND SAID
no one saw the spirits of the bells up there in the old steeple at midnight on Christmas Eve .
six quaint figures , each wrapped in a shadowy cloak and wearing a bell-shaped cap .
when I was young , men were years making moderate fortunes , and were satisfied with them .
don't tell me !
and the old spirit shook his head till the tassel on his cap jangled like a little bell .
many find wealth no temptation to forgetfulness of duty or hardness of heart .
I cried to them with all my strength .
oh , help her before it is too late !
mothers , with little daughters on your knees , stretch out your hands and take her in !
happy women , in the safe shelter of home , think of her desolation !
it was bitter cold , but she no longer felt it .
our crew varies a good deal .
ye may shake your heads if you will and fear there 'll be trouble , but I doubt it .
you set your rich , warm and soft to the fore , and leave the poor shivering at the door .
we let rich and poor kneel together , all being equal there .
do your best in your own ways to get the poor souls into bliss , and good luck to ye .
they are doing well ; they always are , and we are justly proud of them .
I am fond of our girls and boys .
our vigil is over , and we must fly home to welcome in the holidays .
COPYRIGHT @number@ BY THORNTON W BURGESS
ISBN : 0-448-02741-0 ( TRADE EDITION )
ISBN : 0-448-13721-6 ( LIBRARY EDITION )
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA BY ARRANGEMENT WITH LITTLE , BROWN , AND COMPANY
TO THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF OUR
FOUR-FOOTED FRIENDS IN THE GREEN FOREST
WITH THE HOPE THAT THIS LITTLE VOLUME
MAY IN SOME DEGREE AID IN THE
PROTECTION OF THE INNOCENT
IV THE SPIRIT OF FEAR @number@
x LIGHTFOOT'S CLEVER TRICK @number@
PETER RABBIT MEETS LIGHTFOOT
I know what it is to have to watch out for them .
but even when he did hunt me it wasn't anything like what the Ducks have to go through .
I never had to worry about my meals .
but with the Ducks it is a thousand times worse .
that isn't hunting .
Peter grinned .
Lightfoot listened and his great soft eyes were filled with pity for the Quack family .
men are strange creatures .
I do not understand them at all .
none of the people of the Green Forest would think of doing such terrible things .
and yet that is what men seem to do it for .
sometimes I think I 'll hunt one some day just to teach him a lesson .
with a single swift bound Lightfoot sprang out in front of Peter .
his eyes , which Peter had always thought so soft and gentle , seemed to flash fire .
Lightfoot chuckled .
it looks like bits of old fur .
Peter 's eyes were wide with wonder and suspicion .
Peter Rabbit was puzzled .
Lightfoot slowly shook his head .
Lightfoot chuckled .
I think they are the finest antlers I 've ever had .
Lightfoot rubbed his antlers against the trunk of a tree till some of the rags hanging to them dropped off .
Peter blinked very hard .
he was trying to understand and he couldn't .
finally he said so .
how can anything hard like those antlers grow ?
and if those are new ones , where are the old ones ?
show me the old ones , and perhaps I 'll believe that these are new ones .
I have a new pair every year .
I don't like to be seen without them or with half grown ones .
Peter watched in silence for a few minutes .
then , all his suspicions returning , he said :
LIGHTFOOT TELLS HOW HIS ANTLERS GREW
it is hard to believe what seems impossible .
if he had seen those antlers growing , it would have been another matter .
Unseen and unheard , he had stolen up and had overheard what Peter and Lightfoot had said .
they were covered with a sort of skin with hairs on it like thin fur .
the ends were not sharply pointed as they now are , but were big and rounded , like knobs .
they were not like antlers at all , and they made my head hot and were very uncomfortable .
that is why I hid away .
it seemed to me sometimes as if all my strength went into those new antlers .
and I had to be very careful not to hit them against anything .
the knobs on the ends shrank until they became pointed .
the little rags you see are what is left , but I will soon be rid of those .
Lightfoot tossed his head proudly and rattled his wonderful antlers against the nearest tree .
THE SPIRIT OF FEAR
when the days grow cold and the nights are clear , There stalks abroad the spirit of fear .
it is sad but true .
Autumn is often called the sad time of the year , and it is the sad time .
but it shouldn't be .
she meant it to be the glad time .
it will not let them sleep .
it will not let them eat in peace .
it drives them to seek new hiding-places and then drives them out of those .
it keeps them ever ready to fly or run at the slightest sound .
the Purple Hills were more softly purple than at any other season of the year .
but the fear that chilled his heart now never left him even for a moment .
Peter jumped and shivered .
it was the season of hunters with terrible guns .
I don't understand them at all .
they haven't any hearts .
SAMMY JAY BRINGS LIGHTFOOT WORD
Sammy needs no alarm clock to get up early in the morning .
his stomach wouldn't let him if he wanted to .
Sammy always wakes up hungry .
in this he is no different from all his feathered neighbors .
instead , he flew over to the dooryard of another farm .
Sammy stopped on the top of the nearest tree .
then he caught sight of something under the man 's arm .
he didn't have to look twice to know what it was .
it was a gun !
yes , sir , it was a gun , a terrible gun .
so Sammy sat in the top of the tree and watched the hunter with the terrible gun .
he saw him head straight for the Green Forest .
Sammy watched the hunter enter the Green Forest , then he silently followed him .
he certainly ought to be warned .
I know right where he is .
a GAME OF HIDE AND SEEK
it was a very dreadful game for Danny .
he is so small that he can hide under two or three leaves .
wherever he is , he is pretty sure to find a hiding-place of some sort .
it certainly does .
but Lightfoot the Deer is big .
he is one of the largest of the people who live in the Green Forest .
being so big , it is not easy to hide .
moreover , a hunter with a terrible gun does not have to get close in order to kill .
he had learned many lessons in the hunting season of the year before and he remembered every one of them .
he knew that to forget even one of them might cost him his life .
so , standing motionless behind a tangle of fallen trees , Lightfoot listened and watched .
a little sigh of relief escaped Lightfoot .
he knew that that screaming of Sammy Jay 's was a warning to tell him where the hunter was .
knowing just where the hunter was made it easier for Lightfoot to know what to do .
a Merry Little Breeze came stealing through the Green Forest .
it came from behind Lightfoot and danced on towards the hunter with the terrible gun .
instantly Lightfoot began to steal softly away through the Green Forest .
he took the greatest care to make no sound .
can you guess what Lightfoot was trying to do ?
THE MERRY LITTLE BREEZES HELP LIGHTFOOT
he was following the hunter , so as to keep track of him .
as long as he knew just where the hunter was , he felt reasonably safe .
the Merry Little Breezes are Lightfoot 's best friends .
he knows that they will bring to him warning of any danger which may lie in that direction .
but the hunter in his turn knew much of the ways of Deer .
so it was that each was trying his best to outguess the other .
these things told the hunter which way Lightfoot had gone .
slowly , patiently , watchfully , the hunter followed .
after a while he stopped with a satisfied grin .
but there was no sound and after a little Lightfoot began to move on .
Lightfoot uses his nose very much as you and I use our eyes .
it tells him the things he wants to know .
it was the scent of Buster Bear .
you know the Merry Little Breezes are Lightfoot 's best friends .
but Lightfoot didn't want to keep going in that direction all day .
so after a while Lightfoot became uncertain .
he didn't know just what to do .
you see , he couldn't tell whether or not that hunter with the terrible gun was still following him .
Lightfoot the Deer is smart .
yes , Sir , Lightfoot the Deer is smart .
he has to be , especially in the hunting season , to save his life .
if he were not smart he would have been killed long ago .
he never makes the foolish mistake of thinking that other people are not smart .
he had a very great respect for the smartness of that hunter .
he knew that he couldn't afford to be careless for one little minute .
in that case he could rest and stop worrying .
it would be better to know that he was being followed than not to know .
but how was he to find out ?
then an idea came to him .
this was near the top of a little hill .
Lightfoot went up the hill and stopped behind the pile of brush .
for a few moments he stood there perfectly still , looking and listening .
if the hunter were still following him , he would pass through that hollow in plain sight .
for a long time Lightfoot rested comfortably behind the pile of brush .
Little by little Lightfoot grew easy in his mind .
it must be that that hunter had become discouraged and was no longer following him .
THE HUNTED WATCHES THE HUNTER
it didn't seem possible that there could be any need for watchfulness .
he kept his great ears gently moving to catch every little sound .
it was better to be overwatchful than the least bit careless .
it was so faint a sound that you or I would have missed it altogether .
it was the hunter and across one arm he carried the terrible gun .
Lightfoot kept perfectly still and watched the hunter disappear among the trees .
he felt sure that that hunter would not find him again that day .
LIGHTFOOT VISITS PADDY THE BEAVER
he made it by building a dam across the Laughing Brook .
so Lightfoot bounded along deeper and deeper into the Green Forest .
presently through the trees he caught the gleam of water .
Lightfoot approached it cautiously .
now Lightfoot had known of hunters hiding near water , hoping to shoot him when he came to drink .
but hunters had done it before and they might do it again .
so Lightfoot was careful to approach Paddy 's pond up-wind .
then he guessed what it meant .
that crash was the falling of a tree .
so Lightfoot hurried forward eagerly , cautiously .
LIGHTFOOT AND PADDY BECOME PARTNERS
Paddy saw Lightfoot almost as soon as he stepped out on the bank .
there he forced the branch down until it was held by other branches already sunken in the pond .
no , Sir , I can't .
the hunters started looking for me before Mr Sun was really out of bed .
at least one hunter did , and I don't doubt there are others .
Paddy crept out on the bank and chewed a little twig of poplar thoughtfully .
Paddy says he can always think better if he is chewing something .
I 'm sorry to hear it .
Paddy shook his head .
you stay right around my pond .
if I see or hear or smell anything suspicious , I 'll warn you .
you do the same for me .
two sets of eyes , ears and noses are better than one .
HOW PADDY WARNED LIGHTFOOT
it was a queer partnership , that partnership between Lightfoot and Paddy , but it was a good partnership .
they had been the best of friends for a long time .
Paddy had always been glad to have Lightfoot visit his pond .
to tell the truth , he was rather fond of handsome Lightfoot .
on land he is a rather clumsy-looking fellow and really homely .
so he admired Lightfoot greatly .
that is one reason why he proposed that they be partners .
Lightfoot himself thought the idea a splendid one .
with the coming of daylight he lay down in a thicket of young hemlock-trees near the upper end of the pond .
it was a quiet , peaceful day .
so , though he rested and took short naps all through that beautiful day , he was anxious .
he couldn't help but be .
the next morning found Lightfoot back in the same place .
but this morning he took no naps .
he rested , but all the time he was watchful and alert .
a feeling of uneasiness possessed him .
but the hours slipped away , and little by little he grew less uneasy .
he began to hope that that day would prove as peaceful as the previous day had been .
it was almost like a pistol shot .
however , it wasn't a pistol shot .
it wasn't a shot at all .
instantly Lightfoot was on his feet .
he knew just what that meant .
he knew that Paddy had seen or heard or smelled a hunter .
it was even so .
Paddy had heard a dry stick snap .
instantly , Paddy had brought his broad tail down on the water with all his force .
he knew that Lightfoot would know that that meant danger .
there he hid among some close-growing young hemlock-trees .
now the hunter had heard Paddy slap the water with his broad tail .
I 'll just look the land over , and then I think I 'll wait here awhile .
he may not be so badly scared , after all .
so the hunter found an old log behind some small trees and there sat down .
he sat perfectly still .
so the hunter watched for Lightfoot , and Lightfoot and Paddy watched the hunter .
VISITORS TO PADDY'S POND
that hunter was a man of patience .
also he was a man who understood the little people of the Green Forest and the Green Meadows .
he knew that if he would not be seen he must not move .
so he didn't move .
he kept as motionless as if he were a part of the very log on which he was sitting .
for some time there was no sign of any living thing .
for a few moments they sat on the water , a picture of watchful suspicion .
they were looking and listening to make sure that no danger was near .
satisfied at last , they began to clean their feathers .
it was plain that they felt safe .
an instant later Bobby Coon appeared .
it was clear that Bobby was quite unsuspicious .
he carried something , but just what the hunter could not make out .
you know Bobby Coon is very particular about his food .
whenever there is water near , Bobby washes his food before eating .
he saw and he understood .
still the hunter sat without moving .
Bobby Coon finished his meal , crossed the dam and disappeared in the Green Forest .
he had gone off to take a nap somewhere .
time slipped away .
the hunter continued to watch patiently for Lightfoot , and Lightfoot and Paddy the Beaver watched the hunter .
it was Reddy Fox .
so did Lightfoot .
but no one else did .
he approached in that cautious , careful way that he always uses when he is hunting .
he stopped with one foot lifted in the act of taking a step .
now you know there is nothing Reddy Fox likes better for a dinner than a Duck .
then like a red flash he bounded out of sight behind the dam of Paddy the Beaver .
the latter were slowly moving along in that direction as they fed .
Reddy was quick to see this .
the hunter was tempted to get up and frighten those Ducks .
he didn't want Reddy Fox to have them , because he hoped some day to get them himself .
I believe I 'll spoil that red scamp 's plans by frightening them away .
but the hunter did nothing of the kind .
it didn't take him a second to discover what Reddy was hiding there for .
there is nothing Sammy Jay delights in more than in upsetting the plans of Reddy Fox .
they knew exactly what that warning meant .
Reddy Fox looked up at Sammy Jay and snarled angrily .
THE HUNTER LOSES HIS TEMPER
that is to say , he laughed without making any sound .
to tell the truth , he was very much pleased .
as you know , he wanted those Ducks himself .
it would have been a shame to have had one of them caught by that Fox .
Reddy was hunting them because he was hungry .
the hunter would have shot them for sport .
he didn't need them .
he had plenty of other food .
Reddy Fox doesn't kill just for the pleasure of killing .
so the hunter continued to sit in his hiding-place with very friendly feelings for Sammy Jay .
Sammy watched Reddy Fox disappear and then flew over to that side of the pond where the hunter was .
it didn't move , but nevertheless Sammy was suspicious .
presently he flew over to a tree where he could see better .
right away he spied the terrible gun , and he knew just what that was .
it was then that the hunter lost his temper .
SAMMY JAY IS MODEST
every one within hearing could tell just where that hunter was by Sammy 's voice .
Paddy the Beaver swam out from his hiding-place and climbed out on the bank near Lightfoot .
Lightfoot lifted his beautiful head and set his ears forward to catch the sound of Sammy 's voice in the distance .
he brought me warning of the coming of the hunter the other morning .
I suppose Sammy Jay has saved more lives than any one I know of .
some time later Sammy Jay did come back .
I 'm glad to see he hasn't got you yet , Lightfoot .
by the way , Lightfoot , the Green Forest is full of hunters looking for you .
LIGHTFOOT HEARS A DREADFUL SOUND
he saw them many times , though not one of them saw him .
but poor Lightfoot was feeling the strain .
it was getting so that Lightfoot half expected a hunter to step out from behind every tree .
and those hours of safety were filled with dread of what the next day might bring .
it was the baying of hounds following a trail .
at first it did not sound so terrible .
Lightfoot had often heard it before .
it had not sounded so terrible then because it meant no danger to Lightfoot .
in a few minutes there was no longer any doubt in his mind .
those hounds were following his trail .
it was then that the sound of that baying became terrible .
he must run for his life !
those hounds would give him no rest .
he would no longer be able to hide in thickets .
at any time he might be driven right past one of those hunters .
Lightfoot stopped to get his breath and stood trembling as he listened .
the baying of the hounds again grew louder and louder .
in a panic of fear , Lightfoot bounded away again .
as he crossed an old road , the Green Forest rang with the roar of a terrible gun .
it was a bullet and it had just missed Lightfoot .
it added to his terror and this in turn added to his speed .
HOW LIGHTFOOT GOT RID OF THE HOUNDS
it seemed to him that there were no such things as justice and fair play .
he could not know that it was against the law to hunt him with dogs .
the ground was damp and scent always lies best on damp ground .
this made it easy for the hounds to follow him with their wonderful noses .
Lightfoot tried every trick he could think of to make those hounds lose the scent .
but he couldn't .
they allowed him no rest .
there would come a time when he would have to stop .
then those hounds would catch up with him and tear him to pieces .
it was then that he remembered the Big River .
he turned towards it .
it was his only chance and he knew it .
for just a second he paused to look behind .
the hounds were almost at his heels .
Lightfoot hesitated no longer but plunged into the Big River and began to swim .
the Big River was very wide .
he enjoys swimming .
but now Lightfoot was terribly tired from his long run ahead of the hounds .
then he turned and headed for a point down the Big River .
even then he could feel his strength leaving him .
had he escaped those hounds and the terrible hunters only to be drowned in the Big River ?
but it did not last long .
then , all four feet touched .
a second later he had found solid footing and was standing with the water only up to his knees .
he had found a little sand bar out in the Big River .
so for a long time he remained right where he was .
LIGHTFOOT FINDS A FRIEND
those two specks were the hounds who had driven him into the Big River .
they were barking now , instead of baying .
presently a brown form joined the black-and-white specks .
it was a hunter drawn there by the barking of the dogs .
he was too far away to be dangerous , but the mere sight of him filled Lightfoot with terror again .
he watched the hunter walk along the bank and disappear in the bushes .
he headed straight towards Lightfoot , and then Lightfoot knew that his brief rest was at an end .
so Lightfoot again struck out for the shore .
what new dangers might be waiting there , he did not know .
he had never been on that side of the Big River .
he knew nothing of the country on that side .
but the uncertainty was better than the certainty behind him .
right in front of him stood a man .
he had come out into the back yard of the home of that man .
right then and there Lightfoot gave up in despair .
he couldn't run .
it was all he could do to walk .
not a spark of hope remained to Lightfoot .
then a surprising thing happened .
the man spoke softly .
Lightfoot walked on a few steps , and the man followed , still talking softly .
without understanding just how , Lightfoot knew that he had found a friend .
THE HUNTER IS DISAPPOINTED
he just knew it , that was all .
but he didn't have to understand words to know that he had found a friend .
Lightfoot 's friend was waiting just at the top of the bank .
of course the hunter saw him at once .
the hunter looked surprised , and then his surprise gave way to anger .
Lightfoot 's friend shook his head .
you are not hunting for the pleasure of hunting but just to kill .
you don't know the meaning of justice or fairness .
now get off my land .
get back into your boat and off my land as quick as you can .
that Deer is not very far from here and so tired that he cannot move .
THE HUNTER LIES IN WAIT
he 'll start for the nearest woods .
I 'll go up there and wait for him .
I 'll get that Deer if only to spite that fellow back there who drove me off .
he was too tired to have gone far .
he 's got the handsomest pair of antlers I 've seen for years .
so the hunter tied his boat to a tree and once more climbed out .
he climbed up the bank and studied the land .
he grinned .
so the hunter took his terrible gun and tramped across the meadow to the brush-grown pasture .
there he hid among the bushes where he could peep out and watch the land of Lightfoot 's friend .
he was still angry because he had been prevented from shooting Lightfoot .
so he made himself comfortable and prepared to wait the rest of the day , if necessary .
he did not go too near Lightfoot , for he did not want to alarm him .
Lightfoot , watching him , understood .
he knew that this man was a friend and would do him no harm .
Little by little , the wonderful , blessed feeling of safety crept over Lightfoot .
no hunter could harm him here .
LIGHTFOOT DOES THE WISE THING
it sometimes seems as if hunters have more patience than any other people .
jolly , round , red Mr Sun sank down in the west to his bed behind the Purple Hills .
the Black Shadows crept out and grew blacker .
one by one the stars began to twinkle .
still the hunter waited , and still there was no sign of Lightfoot .
at last it became so dark that it was useless for the hunter to remain longer .
then he tramped home and his thoughts were very bitter .
in fact , the hunter had not had so much as another glimpse of Lightfoot .
the reason that the hunter had been so disappointed was that Lightfoot was smart .
so all afternoon Lightfoot rested and did not so much as put his nose outside that open shed .
that is why the hunter got no glimpse of him .
his splendid strength had returned .
he bounded lightly across the meadow and up into the brushy pasture where the hunter had been hidden .
the farmer smiled .
it isn't often Sammy Jay worries about anybody but himself .
you see , Sammy is smart , and he knows he is smart .
Sammy seldom worries about himself because he feels quite able to take care of himself .
but Sammy Jay was worrying now .
he was worrying about Lightfoot the Deer .
yes , Sir , Sammy Jay was worrying about Lightfoot the Deer .
for two days he had been unable to find Lightfoot or any trace of Lightfoot .
but he did find plenty of hunters with terrible guns .
it seemed to him that they were everywhere in the Green Forest .
Sammy began to suspect that one of them must have succeeded in killing Lightfoot the Deer .
Sammy knew all of Lightfoot 's hiding-places .
he visited every one of them .
Lightfoot wasn't to be found , and no one whom Sammy met had seen Lightfoot for two days .
Sammy felt badly .
you see , he was very fond of Lightfoot .
ever since the hunting season had opened , Sammy had done his best to make trouble for the hunters .
Sammy had known all about the chasing of Lightfoot by the hounds .
you see , everybody had heard the voices of those hounds .
that was the last Sammy had seen of Lightfoot .
he had been able to save Lightfoot from the hunters , but he couldn't save him from the hounds .
the more Sammy thought things over , the more he worried .
THE HUNTING SEASON ENDS
the very worst things come to an end at last .
no matter how bad a thing is , it cannot last forever .
so it was with the hunting season for Lightfoot the Deer .
but this year there was no rejoicing .
you see , no one could find Lightfoot .
Sammy Jay had hunted everywhere through the Green Forest .
they had found no trace of Lightfoot .
Paddy the Beaver said that for three days Lightfoot had not visited his pond for a drink .
the Green Forest will never be the same without him .
I don't think I shall want to come over here very much .
Bobby Coon nodded .
he never harmed anybody .
for that matter , I don't understand why they want to kill any of us .
if they really needed us for food , it would be a different matter , but they don't .
Sammy nodded .
Mr AND MRS QUACK ARE STARTLED
they took turns in searching for the rice grains in the mud .
it was wonderfully quiet and peaceful .
there was not even a ripple on the Big River .
it was so quiet that they could hear the barking of a dog at a farmhouse a mile away .
it was for Hooty that they took turns in watching .
it was just the hour when Hooty likes best to hunt .
it was far away in the Green Forest .
they felt that for a while at least there was nothing to fear .
suddenly a little splash out in the Big River caught Mr Quack 's quick ear .
as Mrs Quack brought her head up out of the water , Mr Quack warned her to keep quiet .
Noiselessly they swam among the brown stalks until they could see out across the Big River .
there was another little splash out there in the middle .
presently they made out a silver line moving towards them from the Black Shadows .
they knew exactly what it meant .
it meant that some one was out there in the Big River moving towards them .
could it be a boat containing a hunter ?
they were ready to take to their strong wings the instant they discovered danger .
but they did not want to fly until they were sure that it was danger approaching .
presently they made out what looked like the branch of a tree moving over the water towards them .
Mr Quack said so .
Mrs Quack said so .
both were growing more and more suspicious .
THE MYSTERY IS SOLVED
it was very mysterious .
yes , Sir , it was very mysterious .
Mr Quack thought so .
Mrs Quack thought so .
but how could the branch of a tree swim ?
that was too much for Mr Quack .
it was too much for Mrs Quack .
but they did not want to fly unless they had to .
besides , they were curious .
they were very curious indeed .
they wanted to find out what that mysterious thing moving through the water towards them was .
at last Mr Quack felt that not even to gratify his curiosity would it be safe to wait longer .
he prepared to spring into the air , knowing that Mrs Quack would follow him .
it was just then that a funny little sound reached him .
there was something familiar about that sound .
Mr Quack decided to wait a few minutes longer .
it was a mystery no longer .
Lightfoot was swimming across the Big River on his way back to his home in the Green Forest .
so Lightfoot roamed about without fear and was happy .
it seemed to him that he could not be happier .
there was plenty to eat and that blessed feeling of nothing to fear .
he began to grow sleek and fat and handsomer than ever .
the days were growing colder and the frosty air made him feel good .
Just at dusk one evening he went down to his favorite drinking place at the Laughing Brook .
what do you think it was he saw ?
it was a footprint in the soft mud .
yes , Sir , it was a footprint .
for a long time Lightfoot stood staring at that footprint .
in his great , soft eyes was a look of wonder and surprise .
to Lightfoot it was a very wonderful footprint .
he forgot to drink .
instead , he began to search for other footprints , and presently he found them .
each was as dainty as that first one .
who could have made them ?
that is what Lightfoot wanted to know and what he meant to find out .
in fact , he was glad .
he couldn't have told why , but it was true .
a great longing to find the maker of those footprints took possession of him .
he lifted his handsome head and listened for some slight sound which might show that the stranger was near .
but there was no sound and the wandering little Night Breezes told him nothing .
Lightfoot followed the dainty footprints up the bank .
there they disappeared , for the ground was hard .
LIGHTFOOT SEES THE STRANGER
Lightfoot the Deer was unhappy .
he had searched everywhere but always he was just too late .
now there was no anger in Lightfoot 's desire to find that stranger .
instead , there was a great longing .
for the first time in his life Lightfoot felt lonely .
so he hunted and hunted and was unhappy .
he lost his appetite .
he slept little .
it was the feeling of being watched .
for a long minute Lightfoot stood gazing .
a pair of wonderful , great , soft eyes gazed back at him .
then that beautiful head disappeared .
he plunged in , but there was no one there .
frantically he searched , but that thicket was empty .
then he stood still and listened .
not a sound reached him .
the beautiful stranger had slipped away as silently as a shadow .
the longing to find that beautiful stranger had become so great that he fairly ached with it .
it seemed to him that until he found her he could know no happiness .
a DIFFERENT GAME OF HIDE AND SEEK
but it was a very different game from the one he had played just a short time before .
at times Lightfoot would lose his temper .
yes , Sir , Lightfoot would lose his temper .
at other times Lightfoot would steal about through the Green Forest as noiselessly as a shadow .
of course it wasn't long before all the little people in the Green Forest knew what was going on .
the fact is , they were enjoying that game .
Mischievous Sammy Jay even went so far as to warn the stranger several times when Lightfoot was approaching .
of course Lightfoot knew when Sammy did this , and each time he lost his temper .
a STARTLING NEW FOOTPRINT
he had stolen very softly down to the Laughing Brook , hoping to surprise the beautiful stranger drinking there .
she wasn't to be seen .
they were not the prints he was looking for .
no , Sir , they were not the dainty prints he had learned to know so well .
the finding of those prints was a dreadful shock to Lightfoot .
he understood instantly what they meant .
he has no right here in my Green Forest .
I want her to stay , but I must drive this fellow out .
I 'll make him fight .
that 's what I 'll do ; I 'll make him fight !
could you have looked into his great eyes then , you would have found nothing soft and beautiful about them .
they became almost red with anger .
Lightfoot quivered all over with rage .
the hair on the back of his neck stood up .
then he leaped over the Laughing Brook and once more began to search through the Green Forest .
but this time it was not for the beautiful stranger with the dainty feet .
he had no time to think of her now .
he must first find this newcomer and he meant to waste no time in doing it .
each time he found these signs Lightfoot 's rage increased .
of course it didn't take Sammy Jay long to discover what was going on .
there is little that escapes those sharp eyes of Sammy Jay .
for once Sammy had kept his tongue still .
then he hunted up Bobby Coon and told him .
Paddy had seen the big stranger on the edge of his pond early the night before .
of course , Lightfoot knew nothing about all this .
SAMMY JAY TAKES A HAND
he was so excited he wanted to scream .
but he didn't .
he kept his tongue still .
you see , he didn't want Lightfoot to know that he was being followed .
under that pointed cap of Sammy Jay 's are quick wits .
now the truth is , the stranger was not a coward .
so the big stranger wanted to avoid a fight if possible .
so he dodged Lightfoot and at the same time looked for the beautiful stranger .
so Sammy stopped following Lightfoot and began to search through the Green Forest for the big stranger .
it didn't take very long to find him .
as soon as he saw him , Sammy began to scream at the top of his lungs .
he had understood the screaming of Sammy Jay .
he knew that somewhere down there was the big stranger he had been looking for .
the big stranger had understood Sammy 's screaming quite as well as Lightfoot .
he must fight .
there was no way out of it , he must fight .
his eyes also blazed .
he bounded out into a little open place by the pond of Paddy the Beaver and there he waited .
everybody who was near enough hurried there .
Paddy himself climbed up on the roof of his house out in the pond .
Buster Bear shuffled down the hill and watched from the other side of the pond .
Reddy and Granny Fox were both there .
then , snorting with rage , they lowered their heads and plunged together .
their antlers clashed with a noise that rang through the Green Forest , and both fell to their knees .
there they pushed and struggled .
it was a terrible fight .
everybody said so .
if they had not known before , everybody knew now what those great antlers were for .
it only made Lightfoot fight harder .
sometimes they would rear up and strike with their sharp hoofs .
then they would come together again more fiercely than ever .
never had such a fight been seen in the Green Forest .
each was filled fully with rage and determined to drive the other from the Green Forest .
each was fighting for the right to win the love of Miss Daintyfoot .
neither of them knew that Miss Daintyfoot herself was watching them .
but she was .
she knew that they were fighting for her .
she knew it just as she had known how both had been hunting for her .
both Lightfoot and the big stranger were handsome .
yes , indeed , they were very handsome .
she almost wanted him to win .
that great fight lasted a long time .
to pretty Miss Daintyfoot it seemed that it never would end .
Little by little the big stranger was forced back towards the edge of the open place .
now he would be thrown to his knees when Lightfoot wasn't .
as Lightfoot saw this , he seemed to gain new strength .
at last he caught the stranger in such a way that he threw him over .
the stranger was beaten and he knew it .
with a snort of triumph , Lightfoot plunged after him .
but now that he was beaten , fear took possession of the stranger .
his one thought was to get away , and fear gave him speed .
straight back towards the Great Mountain from which he had come the stranger headed .
Lightfoot followed only a short distance .
then Lightfoot turned back to the open place where they had fought .
as she looked at him , Miss Daintyfoot knew that she had wanted him to win .
but Lightfoot didn't know this .
in fact , he didn't know that Miss Daintyfoot was there .
he had been jealous of that big stranger , though he hadn't known that he was jealous .
of course this was nothing but jealousy .
in its place was a great longing to find Miss Daintyfoot .
his great eyes became once more soft and beautiful .
in them was a look of wistfulness .
then he turned , intending to take up once more his search for beautiful Miss Daintyfoot .
when he turned he faced the thicket in which Miss Daintyfoot was hiding .
his keen eyes caught a little movement of the branches .
he wondered if she would disappear and run away as she had the last time he saw her .
he took a step or two forward .
the beautiful head was withdrawn .
Lightfoot 's heart sank .
then he bounded forward into that thicket .
it was love .
HAPPY DAYS IN THE GREEN FOREST
these were happy days in the Green Forest .
they were the happiest days he had ever known .
wherever Lightfoot went , Mrs Lightfoot went .
he showed her all his favorite hiding-places .
he led her to his favorite eating-places .
but he didn't stop to think and proudly led her from place to place .
and they really did feel glad .
you see , there were hunters on the Great Mountain .
in fact , that is how I happened to come down to the Green Forest .
there was a puzzled look on Lightfoot 's face .
Blacky the Crow is one of Lightfoot 's friends , but sometimes even friends are envious .
it is so with Blacky .
there is a dimness over your figures !
but it was paler than my rugged old self , and younger , too , by almost half a century .
thank Heaven , I am an old man now , and have done with all such vanities !
still this dimness of mine eyes !
come nearer , Susan , and stand before the fullest blaze of the hearth .
there , you made me tremble again !
do you remember it ?
the village was picturesque , in the variety of its edifices , though all were rude .
two grocery-stores stand opposite each other , in the centre of the village .
you see , children , the village is but little changed , since your mother and I were young .
in the autumn , I trolled and caught those lovely fish , the mackerel .
even now I seem to see the group of fishermen , with that old salt in the midst .
they are a likely set of men .
be it well with you , my brethren !
but where was the mermaid in those delightful times ?
a few freckles became beauty-spots beneath her eyelids .
Nature wrought the charm .
she gave me warmth of feeling , while the influence of my mind made her contemplative .
except the almanac , we had no other literature .
in truth I dreaded him .
with a broken voice I give utterance to much wisdom .
I recollect no happier portion of my life , than this , my calm old age .
but with me , the verdure and the flowers are not frostbitten in the midst of winter .
for I launch my boat no more .
for I am a patriarch !
will you meet me there ?
WHOSE ASSISTANCE IN THE PREPARATION OF THIS VOLUME HAS BEEN INVALUABLE IT IS MOST AFFECTIONATELY DEDICATED
IV THE SHADOW WITH SHARP CLAWS
x PETER RABBIT ALMOST DECIDES TO RETURN HOME
PETER RABBIT LOSES HIS APPETITE
Peter Rabbit had lost his appetite .
now when Peter Rabbit loses his appetite , something is very wrong indeed with him .
Peter has boasted that he can eat any time and all the time .
so there was plenty for Peter to eat without running any risk of danger .
with nothing to do but eat and sleep , Peter should have grown fat and contented .
but he didn't .
now that is just the way with a lot of people .
yet in spite of all this , Danny was happy and never once lost his appetite .
now , though he didn't know it , that was the very best thing he could do .
it gave him something to think about .
for two or three days he was very busy cutting new paths , and his appetite came back .
he just sat still all day long and moped and thought and thought and thought .
and right then Peter found out what was the matter with him .
PETER RABBIT PLANS A JOURNEY
it 's a long jump that makes no landing .
I 'm just tired of myself , and that 's why I 've lost my appetite .
and now I know what 's the matter , what am I going to do about it ?
Peter sat a little longer , thinking and thinking .
then a bright idea popped into his head .
he kicked up his heels .
that 's what I 'll do !
I 'll make a journey and see the Great World .
but Peter is one of those who does his thinking afterward .
Peter is what is called impulsive .
that is , he does things and then thinks about them later , and often wishes he hadn't done them .
you see , Peter never looks ahead .
now the minute Peter made up his mind to make a journey , he began to feel better .
at last he saw jolly , round , red Mr Sun drop down to his bed behind the Purple Hills .
Peter grinned .
HOOTY THE OWL CHANGES HIS HUNTING GROUNDS
he was talking to himself .
what he was saying was this :
Towhit , towhoo !
will some one tell me what to do ?
Towhit , towhoo !
Towhit , towhoo !
yes , Sir , that 's just what they have done !
if I expect to feed those hungry babies of mine , I must find new hunting grounds .
if he had , perhaps he would have thought twice before starting .
anyway , he would have kept a sharper watch on the sky .
THE SHADOW WITH SHARP CLAWS
I do not see ; do you ?
forgetting leads to more trouble than almost anything under the sun .
Peter Rabbit knew this .
of course he knew it .
he grew bolder and bolder .
Just then he spied a patch of sweet clover out in the moonlight .
his mouth began to water .
a shadow drifted across the sweet clover patch .
Peter saw it .
just as he reached the patch of clover , the shadow drifted over it again .
he didn't stop to look up .
once again sharp claws tore his coat and made him squeal with pain .
IN THE OLD PASTURE
Peter had had a terrible fright .
Peter is what wise men call a phi-los-o-pher .
that is a big word , but its meaning is very simple .
Peter had learned his lesson .
he was sure of that .
if he hadn't , I might have forgotten all about him some time when he could catch me .
well , as my mother used to say :
Peter wondered what dangers might be awaiting him there , but somehow he didn't feel much afraid .
no , Sir , he didn't feel much afraid .
so when he saw them , he felt almost at home .
Peter drew a long breath .
you see , he had forgotten for a minute how sore he was .
PETER RABBIT IS STILL LONESOME
a sympathetic word or two A wond'rous help is , when you 're blue .
Peter looked up at him , and he felt sure that Mr Sun winked at him .
somehow it made him feel better .
the fact is , Peter was beginning to feel just a wee , wee bit homesick .
before that long night was over Peter felt as if his heart had gone way down to his very toes .
yes , Sir , that 's the way he felt .
he just knew that he was growing more stiff and sore every minute .
at that moment he looked up and saw jolly , round , red Mr Sun wink .
Peter tried to wink back , and that made the two tears fall .
but there were no more tears to follow .
Mr Sun was one of his oldest friends and you know
to be sure Peter was still lonesome , but it was a different kind of lonesomeness .
Peter Rabbit had sat still just as long as he could .
now Hooty the Owl had taught Peter wisdom .
you know Peter thinks a great deal of his stomach .
so he began to eat as fast as he could , stopping every other mouthful to look and listen .
so pretty soon he started out to explore .
he liked to follow them because they led to all kinds of queer places .
the ground was soft , and there were little pools of water .
there were pretty birch-trees and wild cherry-trees .
it was still and dark and oh , so peaceful !
Peter liked that place and sat down under a big fern to rest .
listening to it , Peter fell asleep , for he was very tired .
for a minute he couldn't think where he was .
then he remembered .
what do you think Peter saw ?
THE STRANGE TRACKS IN THE OLD PASTURE
he scratched his long right ear with his long right hind foot .
you see he realized all of a sudden that he didn't feel much like fighting .
I wonder what he looks like .
they led him this way and they led him that way through the swamp and then out of it .
at the foot of a certain birch-tree Peter stopped .
how was he to know ?
why , that tree was a kind of Rabbit measuring-stick .
yes , Sir , that is just what it was .
and this was the measuring-tree of the Rabbit whose tracks Peter had been following .
Peter stopped at the foot of it and sat down to think it over .
he knew what that tree meant perfectly well .
he had one or two measuring-trees of his own on the edge of the Green Forest .
he knew , too , that it was more than a mere measuring-tree .
Peter hopped up close to it .
you see , he didn't want to leave his own mark there .
I have just as much right here as he has .
I 'll show him !
yes , Sir-e-e , I 'll show him !
Foolish Peter Rabbit !
Peter was like a lot of other people ; he wasn't fair .
no , Sir , he wasn't fair .
he let his own desires destroy his sense of fair play .
oh , my , yes !
that was quite a different matter !
and perhaps it was that wee bit of fear that made him unfair and unjust .
it was three heavy thumps right behind him .
Peter knew what that meant .
of course he knew .
it meant that he must run or fight .
there it was again .
there was nothing to do but run away .
he simply had to .
PETER RABBIT ALMOST DECIDES TO RETURN HOME
I have no doubt that you 've been told How timid folks are sometimes bold .
in all his life Peter Rabbit had never been so disappointed .
the fact is , Peter was more unhappy than he could remember ever to have been before .
but Peter didn't worry about any of these dangers .
he was used to them , was Peter .
who was it ?
you know how very curious Peter is .
but the old gray Rabbit didn't do anything of the kind .
twice Peter had tried to fight , but the old gray Rabbit was too big for him .
after the second time Peter didn't try to fight again .
and he did , too .
and still he hated to give in When there was still so much to see .
but instead of the angry face of the old gray Rabbit he saw what do you think ?
PETER RABBIT HAS A SUDDEN CHANGE OF MIND
whatever you decide to do Make up your mind to see it through .
it was very rude .
of course it was .
it was very rude indeed .
it is always rude to stare at any one .
Peter gave a great sigh .
then he remembered how rude he had been to stare so .
I didn't mean to frighten you .
with the greatest eagerness Peter waited for a reply .
so now he waited eagerly for a reply .
but though he waited and waited , there wasn't a sound from the big fern .
still there was no sound .
Peter didn't know just what to do .
he wanted to hop over to the big fern and peep behind it , but he didn't dare to .
he was afraid that whoever was hiding there would run away .
still there was no reply .
after a time the eyes disappeared .
so Peter sat just where he was and kept perfectly still for the longest time .
he hopped over to the big fern and looked behind it .
it seemed to Peter that it was the most wonderful little footprint he ever had seen .
PETER LEARNS SOMETHING FEOM TOMMY TIT
often it is very helpful Just to feel a friend is near .
Peter gave a great start of pleased surprise .
that was the first friendly voice he had heard for days and days .
now there is nothing in the world Peter Rabbit loves more than a secret .
but he cannot keep one to save him .
no , Sir , Peter Rabbit can no more keep a secret than he can fly .
people who talk too much never can .
Tommy Tit looked down at Peter , and his sharp little eyes twinkled .
Tommy laughed .
Tommy Tit laughed .
there 's my wife calling .
yes , my dear , I 'm coming !
foolish questions waste time , but wise questions lead to knowledge .
it 's the prettiest name I 've ever heard .
I wonder if she is just as pretty .
and Peter is such a nice sounding name !
it sounds so honest and good and true .
here little Miss Fuzzytail wiped her eyes .
Miss Fuzzytail winked back .
then both laughed , for they were very good friends , indeed .
and Tommy did .
SOME ONE FOOLS OLD JED THUMPER
you cannot judge a person 's temper by his size .
there is more meanness in the head of a Weasel than in the whole of a Bear .
the more he chewed his temper , the angrier he grew .
he was big and stout and strong and gray .
he scowled more fiercely than ever and stamped the ground impatiently .
there it was again thump , thump !
he was just going to thump back an angry reply , when he thought better of it .
at last he reached the blueberry-patch .
no one was there .
no , Sir , no one was there !
he waited and watched , and there wasn't a hair of Peter Rabbit to be seen .
but when he got there , just as before no one was to be seen .
can you guess why ?
a PLEASANT SURPRISE FOR PETER
Peter did go to sleep .
Peter slept a long time , for no one came to disturb him .
when he did , he sprang to his feet and hastily looked this way and that way .
my , but I 'm hungry !
Peter stopped suddenly and began to wrinkle his nose .
Um-m , my , my !
am I really awake , or am I still dreaming ?
he blinked , rubbed his eyes , then blinked again .
yes , Sir , there it was !
finally he reached out and nibbled a leaf of it .
there was no doubt in Peter 's mind then .
who could it have been ?
suddenly a thought popped into Peter 's head .
Peter 's heart gave a happy little jump .
he felt sure now who had put the clover there .
he looked wistfully about among the ferns , but she was nowhere to be seen .
PETER RABBIT'S LOOKING-GLASS
for the first time in his life Peter Rabbit had begun to think about his clothes .
as for himself , Peter didn't care how he looked .
yes , Sir , he wanted to be good-looking .
he wished that he were bigger .
he wished that he were the biggest and strongest Rabbit in the world .
he wished that he had a handsome coat .
the fact is , Peter Rabbit was falling in love .
yes , Sir , Peter Rabbit was falling in love .
now when Peter Rabbit thinks of doing a thing , he wastes very little time .
it was that way now .
there , just as he expected , he found a looking-glass .
what was it like ?
why , it was just a tiny pool of water .
that was Peter 's looking-glass .
for a long time he stared into it .
at last he gave a great sigh .
he was .
the white patch on the seat of his trousers was stained and dirty from sitting down in the mud .
there were burrs tangled in his waistcoat .
for the next hour Peter was very busy .
PETER MEETS MISS FUZZYTAIL
that this is true there 's no denying There 's nothing in the world like trying .
Peter Rabbit was feeling better .
certainly he was looking better .
now all this time Peter had been trying to find little Miss Fuzzytail .
but Peter didn't know this .
if he had , I am afraid that he would have been more in love than ever .
the harder she was to find , the more Peter wanted to find her .
but one day followed another , and Peter seemed no nearer than ever to meeting little Miss Fuzzytail .
somehow Peter knew whose voice that was , although he never had heard it before .
the cat hadn't seen him coming , and the kick knocked her right into the prickly juniper-tree .
of course she lost her grip on little Miss Fuzzytail , who hadn't been hurt so much as frightened .
and this is the way that Peter Rabbit at last got his heart 's desire .
TOMMY TIT PROVES A FRIEND INDEED
nothing in all the world is so precious as a true friend .
Miss Fuzzytail laughed at that , for she felt quite able to take care of herself .
after that there were many pleasant days for Peter Rabbit .
old Jed Thumper went into a terrible rage .
my , my , my , those were bad days for Peter Rabbit !
yes , Sir , those certainly were bad days !
he did something worse than that .
one day he saw fierce Mr Goshawk hunting .
he let Mr Goshawk almost catch him , and then ducked under a bramble-bush .
then he showed himself again and once more escaped in the same way .
dear me , dear me , those certainly were dreadful days for Peter Rabbit and little Miss Fuzzytail .
OLD MAN COYOTE PAYS A DEBT
one day Tommy took it into his head to fly down to the Green Meadows .
Ho , ho , ho !
Hee , hee , hee !
old Jed Thumper never had heard anything like that before .
love is a beautiful , wonderful thing .
there 's nothing quite like it on all the green earth .
Peter Rabbit was finding this out .
the next morning Peter had found her there .
Peter was quite sure that he was .
Peter didn't know , but he suspected that he would .
then Peter had a happy thought .
then she nestled up close to Peter .
PETER AND LITTLE MISS FUZZYTAIL LEAVE THE OLD PASTURE
at last there was just such a night .
at last it was time to start .
Peter led the way .
never in all his life had Peter been so watchful and careful .
that was because he felt his re-sponsi-bil-ity .
once a dim shadow swept across the meadow grass ahead of them .
Peter hopped to his feet .
SAMMY JAY BECOMES CURIOUS
Sammy took it into his head to fly over there the very morning of Peter 's home-coming .
of course Sammy Jay saw him right away , and of course Sammy was very much surprised .
by the way , Tommy Tit the Chickadee was down here the other day and told us all about you .
what 's the matter ?
Sammy chuckled , for he dearly loves to tease Peter and make him angry .
so he just pretended not to have heard Sammy 's question .
now when Sammy had asked the question he had thought nothing about it .
it had just popped into his head by way of something to say .
Mrs Peter nodded .
Peter chuckled .
then we can get it over with and have a little time to ourselves .
Mrs Peter agreed , for she thought that anything Peter did or suggested was just about right .
what do you suppose he meant ?
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE WARNS PETER RABBIT
of course , he hadn't the slightest intention of giving them the chance .
Danny stood up on his hind legs so as to whisper in one of Peter 's ears .
Peter Rabbit shook his head .
Danny Meadow Mouse looked doubtful .
the way he said it made Peter turn to look at him sharply .
watch out , Peter Rabbit !
yes , Sir , he is smarter !
now , if you don't mind , I 'll curl up in my old hiding-place for the night .
and Peter promised her that he would .
PETER RABBIT'S HEEDLESSNESS
Peter Rabbit didn't mean to be heedless .
oh , my , no !
but Peter was heedless .
he always was heedless .
so it was with Peter .
he had been heedless so long that now he actually didn't know when he was heedless .
if anything had happened to him then , there would have been no one to suffer .
but now all this was changed .
you see , there was little Mrs Peter .
he had shown her where the Crooked Little Path came down the hill .
he felt quite as smart as they and perhaps a little bit smarter .
anyway , they never had caught him , and he didn't believe they ever would .
probably Mrs Peter wouldn't have worried very much if it hadn't been for the warning left by Danny Meadow Mouse .
one day he had ventured as far as halfway up the Crooked Little Path .
safety first is a wise rule for those who would live long .
and little Mrs Peter was glad enough to have him , you may be sure .
she was so anxious that she couldn't sit still .
she felt that she just had to do something to warn Peter .
old Man Coyote saw him too , and began to grin .
Peter didn't have a word to say .
little Mrs Peter noticed it .
Peter nodded .
as little Mrs Peter stopped speaking , Peter sprang to his feet .
Mistah Mocker the Mockingbird had been very late in coming up to the Green Meadows from way down South .
the truth is , he had almost decided not to come .
there he hid in a thick tangle of vines .
it was just then that she heard a familiar voice .
little Mrs Peter pricked up her ears and smiled happily .
little Mrs Peter clapped her hands happily .
but all she saw was a stranger wearing a very sober-colored suit .
he was very polite and told her that he was an old friend of Peter Rabbit .
very softly he began to sing the song of Veery the Thrush .
little Mrs Peter looked up quickly .
she suddenly realized that it was Mistah Mocker who was singing .
and Mistah Mocker promised that he would .
NEWS FROM THE OLD BRIAR-PATCH
Jenny Wren is a busybody .
yes , Sir , she certainly is a busybody .
then , before you can say a word , she is gone .
you see she is a great gossip , is Jenny Wren , a great gossip .
no one knows how to keep a secret better than she does .
anyway , Peter had been back some time before Jenny Wren knew it .
it didn't take her long to find Peter .
he was sitting under one of his favorite bramble-bushes smiling to himself .
of course it wasn't a nice thing to do , not a bit nice .
but Jenny Wren didn't stop to think of that .
she looked and looked until she could sit still no longer .
he was still smiling .
Peter looked up quickly , and a worried look chased the smile away .
where did you come from ?
JIMMY SKUNK VISITS PETER RABBIT
that 's a joke , Jenny Wren .
Jimmy pricked up his ears .
then , for fear that she would in spite of herself , she flew on her way home .
Jimmy watched her out of sight with a puzzled frown .
he said as much .
Peter pretended to be very much surprised .
why , what news can there be over here ?
finally he started for home no wiser than before .
REDDY FOX LEARNS THE SECRET
one would hardly have left before another would appear .
there isn't much going on in the Green Forest or on the Green Meadows that Reddy doesn't know about .
of course he heard the foolish gossip of Jenny Wren and he pricked up his ears .
I think I 'll trot down there and make Peter a call .
but Reddy asked no questions .
he didn't once speak of Jenny Wren .
at last he reached a certain place where a little stronger breath of air tickled his nose .
he stopped for a few minutes , and slowly a smile grew and grew .
then , without saying a word , he turned and trotted back towards the Green Forest .
Peter Rabbit watched him go .
trotting back up the Lone Little Path , Reddy Fox was grinning broadly .
what a wonderful thing a good nose is !
BLACKY THE CROW HAS SHARP EYES
mischief always waits to greet Idle hands and idle feet .
no , Sir , it doesn't worry him a bit .
no one has sharper eyes than Blacky , and no one knows better how to use them .
he saw Peter Rabbit right away and winked at him .
he thought Peter looked worried and anxious .
Just then he caught sight of her under the thickest growing sweet-briar bush .
he almost forgot to flap his wings to keep himself in the air .
he hovered right where he was for a few minutes , looking down through the brambles .
then with a hoarse chuckle , he started for the Smiling Pool , forgetting all about Farmer Brown 's cornfield .
Reddy Fox heard him and ground his teeth .
Jimmy Skunk heard Blacky and grinned broadly .
PETER RABBIT'S NURSERY
the news was out at last , thanks to Blacky the Crow .
Peter Rabbit had a family !
yes , Sir , Peter Rabbit had a family !
they found Peter looking very proud , and very important , and very happy .
Mrs Peter looked just as proud , and just as happy , but she also looked very anxious .
indeed , they seemed more interested .
who were they ?
why , Reddy Fox was one .
but happy-go-lucky Peter Rabbit didn't let this worry him .
oh , Peter , they are perfectly lovely !
this one is the perfect image of you , and I 'm going to call him Little Pete .
and don't you think his brother looks like his grandfather ?
Peter coughed behind his hand as if something had stuck in his throat .
if Mrs Peter wanted to name this one Little Jed , he wouldn't say a word .
and Peter softly tiptoed away to the nearest sweet-clover patch with his heart almost bursting with pride .
End of Project Gutenberg 's Mrs Peter Rabbit , by Thornton W Burgess
TO THE MEMORY OF
GOLDWIN LAPP , ROBERT BROOKES AND MORLEY SHIER
WHO MADE THE SUPREME SACRIFICE THAT THE HAPPY VALLEYS OF THEIR HOME LAND MIGHT BE KEPT SACRED FROM THE RAVAGE OF THE INVADER
I ..y home Again II .
sheer Gossip III .
the Ingleside Children IV .
miss Cornelia Intervenes IX .
an Explanation and a Dare XIII .
CHAPTER I HOME AGAIN
the old name was dear to her old friends , only one of them contemptuously dropped it .
for one thing , there was a new family in the manse .
Dr Blythe had said that but for her he would never have lived .
once , Dr Blythe had spanked him and Susan had been stormily indignant .
Ingleside was her world and in it she reigned supreme .
I am rather interested in Millicent Drew 's case myself .
Millicent 's hair always looks to me as if she had swept it up with a broom .
she did not succeed .
but I really do not blame her for trying , for her husband is a terrible man .
there are days when he growls at everybody because he thinks he is fore-ordained to eternal punishment .
and then there are days when he says he does not care and goes and gets drunk .
his grandfather went out of his mind .
he thought he was surrounded by big black spiders .
they crawled over him and floated in the air about him .
they love it above every spot on earth .
Marilla does spoil them terribly .
but we haven't been dull in the Glen , believe ME .
there hasn't been such an exciting spring in my time , as far as church matters go .
Miss Cornelia sighed and Susan groaned .
his trial sermon was simply wonderful , believe ME .
and Mr Meredith was the first candidate we were all agreed on .
somebody had some objection to all the others .
there was some talk of calling Mr Folsom .
he was a good preacher , too , but somehow people didn't care for his appearance .
everybody laughed , and poor Rogers had no chance after that .
some thought we ought to call Mr Stewart , because he was so well educated .
and Mr Arnett couldn't preach AT ALL .
I asked him .
and then he laughed and laughed .
it 's impossible to help liking them .
for instance , at school the teacher says they are model children .
that is just the trouble .
Mr Meredith is a widower .
his wife died four years ago .
everything is thick with dust and nothing is ever in its place .
they run up just like the steps of a stair .
Gerald 's the oldest .
he 's twelve and they call him Jerry .
he 's a clever boy .
Faith is eleven .
faith took them and whisked down the cellar with them .
you can imagine the result , Mrs Dr dear .
but that child came up laughing .
and Mrs James Millison was very angry .
but poor Faith is always getting into scrapes .
she can't even keep a straight face in church .
and Thomas Carlyle is nine .
to be sure it may have been the cat who left it , there .
HE is as full of the old Nick as he can be stuffed , Mrs Dr dear .
but I never saw such a rakish-looking beast .
and no other manse children ever thought of playing there .
Mr Meredith shouldn't allow it .
but he has always got his nose buried in a book , when he is home .
and he forgot about Fanny Cooper 's wedding .
one wouldn't mind if the Methodists didn't laugh so about it .
but there 's one comfort they can't criticize his sermons .
he wakes up when he 's in the pulpit , believe ME .
Susan smiled slyly .
he is entirely too sociable with them , believe ME .
and he just said dreamily .
Mrs Drew is mean enough herself .
she contributed it to a church social .
of course , Jerry had no business to be in a Methodist prayer-meeting at all .
when that over-harbour doctor married the undertaker 's daughter at Lowbridge people felt suspicious of him .
it didn't look well .
you and the doctor must come down soon and tell us all about your trip .
the old world is very lovely and very wonderful .
but we have come back very well satisfied with our own land .
must you go ?
they 'll go soon ; but they must settle down to school again now .
I was up last evening to arrange it with her .
I 've never had any real acquaintance with her , you know .
rosemary was engaged once , you know to young Martin Crawford .
his ship was wrecked on the Magdalens and all the crew were drowned .
but she was never the same afterwards .
she and Ellen have stayed very close at home since their mother 's death .
Rosemary doesn't really need to give music lessons .
she does it because she likes to .
they are distantly related to Leslie , you know .
they are going on a trip to Japan and will probably be away for a year .
Owen 's new novel is to have a Japanese setting .
and he collected it all over the world .
I shall write and tell him my opinion of this Japanese business , believe ME .
it was a fairy realm of romance to them .
outside of Rainbow Valley the wind might be rollicking and boisterous .
here it always went gently .
Little , winding , fairy paths ran here and there over spruce roots cushioned with moss .
a little brook with amber waters ran through it from the Glen village .
the valley was full of dear , friendly hollows and the largest of these was their favourite stamping ground .
here they were assembled on this particular evening .
but they were very fond of the Avonlea places for all that .
a visit to Green Gables was always considered a great treat .
but they all knew she loved Jem the best .
Jem was the child of the House of Dreams .
all the others had been born at Ingleside .
and he was the only one of the family who had ears nice enough to please Susan .
but he had a standing feud with Susan because she would not give up calling him Little Jem .
it was outrageous , thought thirteen-year-old Jem .
mother had more sense .
he was and always had been a sturdy , reliable little chap .
he never broke a promise .
he was not a great talker .
his teachers did not think him brilliant , but he was a good , all-round student .
he never took things on faith ; he always liked to investigate the truth of a statement for himself .
but Jem did not grudge suffering in the interests of science .
Walter 's eyes were very wonderful .
he did not resemble any known relative .
but he had all his mother 's vivid imagination and passionate love of beauty .
Walter loved the poets and pored over their pages from the time he could first read .
Walter cherished the ambition to be a poet himself some day .
the thing could be done .
uncle Paul had once been a little school boy in Avonlea and now his poetry was read everywhere .
nobody in Glen St Mary school could talk like him .
Anne , who was always called Nan , was very pretty , with velvety nut-brown eyes and silky nut-brown hair .
her complexion was quite faultless , much to her mother 's satisfaction .
perhaps this was why she was her father 's favourite .
it was converted into a table by propping it on two large , mossy stones .
from a tin box secreted at the root of a spruce tree Nan brought forth bread and salt .
but Walter said no grace , short or long , just then .
an interruption occurred .
even the critical housewives of the Glen felt it , and were unconsciously mellowed in judgment because of it .
so much of the credit must be given to the personality of its new inmates .
Love was the only law in Glen St Mary manse .
the people of his congregation said that Mr Meredith spoiled his children .
it is certain that he could not bear to scold them .
but he did not know the half of their goings-on .
he belonged to the sect of dreamers .
outside the dyke grew a row of tall fir trees with thick , balsamic boughs .
on the eastern side there was neither fence nor dyke .
the Meredith children loved the old graveyard .
blueberry bushes grew lavishly in the sandy corner next to the fir wood .
they made jolly seats for one thing .
they were all sitting on one now .
faith , who came next to him , wore her beauty like a rose , careless and glowing .
she had golden-brown eyes , golden-brown curls and crimson cheeks .
little dreamy Una was not given to laughter .
she longed to put it right , but did not know how .
he knew the secrets of bugs and had a sort of freemasonry with bees and beetles .
Una never liked to sit near him because she never knew what uncanny creature might be secreted about him .
perhaps it was just as well that Aunt Martha was half blind when she made that bed .
this opened up an interesting field of speculation .
aunt Martha told me that .
what is truth ?
I 'll bet she boxed HIS ears when they got out .
he won the prize the teacher offered last year for writing a poem , Bertie Shakespeare Drew told me .
I don't like most of the girls round here .
even the nice ones are poky .
but the Blythe twins look jolly .
I thought twins always looked alike , but they don't .
they all smelled it now .
Una wished they had not been so precipitate : but Di Blythe was equal to that and any occasion .
she stepped forward , with a comrade 's smile .
faith nodded , her face creased by dimples .
no more ceremony was necessary .
down they all sat on mossy stones .
Merry was that feast and long .
but they never knew it , so it never hurt them .
where can folks get better acquainted than over a meal table ?
when the last trout had vanished , the manse children and the Ingleside children were sworn friends and allies .
the race of Joseph recognized its own .
they poured out the history of their little pasts .
Faith was inclined to resent the fact that people laughed at her for petting a rooster .
and I brought him up from a little , wee , yellow chicken .
a weasel had killed all his brothers and sisters .
I called him after her husband .
I never liked dolls or cats .
Una gazed at the lucky twins with eyes whose longing was too gentle for envy .
it was one of the dreams of her little hidden life .
but nobody ever thought of such a thing .
they only come here in the summer .
and they 're not coming this summer .
I wish you could see Persis Ford .
Bertie Shakespeare can never get anything straight .
but they went home , too , with visions of good times coming in their heads .
Mayflowers grew there and Jem never forgot to take his mother a bouquet as long as they lasted .
CHAPTER V THE ADVENT OF MARY VANCE
and then they both shook their heads .
they had never had anything to do on a holiday .
thither the Meredith children trooped , and prowled about the ground floor for several minutes .
they all listened .
the Merediths looked at each other .
he longed to see a bat in daylight .
the girl looked about her as if seeking a way of escape .
then she seemed to give in with a little shiver of despair .
instantly Faith had flung herself down beside her and put her arm around the thin , shaking shoulders .
then she hugged the waif .
just tell us what 's the matter .
the manse children gazed at each other in horror .
faith sprang up .
Mary shrank .
Faith stamped her foot impatiently .
was this queer girl going to insist on starving to death almost at their very door ?
Mary yielded .
aunt Martha , muddling through her Saturday cooking , took no notice of her .
Mary Vance attacked the food ravenously and uncritically , while the manse children stood around and watched her .
Jerry noticed that she had a pretty mouth and very nice , even , white teeth .
Una was full of pure pity , Carl of amused wonder , and all of them of curiosity .
Mary was now nothing loath .
food had restored her natural vivacity and unloosed her by no means reluctant tongue .
opposite her the manse children lined up on another .
here was spice and mystery and adventure .
I was living with Mrs Wiley over-harbour .
she 's an awful woman .
Mary rolled up her ragged sleeves , and held up her scrawny arms and thin hands , chapped almost to rawness .
they were black with bruises .
the manse children shivered .
Faith flushed crimson with indignation .
Una 's blue eyes filled with tears .
certainly this Mary Vance was an interesting creature .
I was darn well used to it .
I wasn't going to stand for THAT .
Sensation number two .
but Una looked doubtful .
she was away visiting her cousin when I planted them .
I 'm a hustler , let me tell you .
and when I got to the station I found I 'd lost my money .
anyhow , it was gone .
I didn't know what to do .
if I went back to old Lady Wiley she 'd take the hide off me .
but there was fear behind the bravado in Mary 's eyes .
Una suddenly slipped from the one tombstone to the other and put her arm about Mary .
I was a darn fool ever to think of skipping out .
she 'd run a weasel to earth .
Mary 's voice quivered , but she was ashamed of showing her weakness .
I was put there when I was six .
I was called after half a dozen of them .
my full name is Mary Martha Lucilla Moore Ball Vance .
can you beat that ?
my grandfather was a rich man .
I 'll bet he was richer than YOUR grandfather .
THEY used to beat me , too .
Mary tossed her head .
she wanted to be envied .
she looked gaily about her .
I didn't know it for days afterwards .
it was when I had the pewmonia .
Mrs Wiley wouldn't have the doctor said she wasn't going to no such expense for a home girl .
old Aunt Christina MacAllister nursed me with poultices .
I thought he just roamed round .
Mr Wiley used to mention hell when he was alive .
he was always telling folks to go there .
and Mr Isaac Crothers at Maywater told us , too , in Sunday School .
he was an elder and a pillar in the church and knew all about it .
but you needn't worry .
everybody does .
Mr Wiley would have broken every bone in my body one time if I hadn't told him a lie .
Una sighed .
here were too many difficulties for her to solve .
she shuddered as she thought of being cruelly whipped .
she squeezed Mary 's little calloused hand .
and I 'm honest .
when I grow up I 'm going to have a blue sating dress .
your own clothes don't look so stylish .
it was plain that Mary had a temper and was sensitive on some points .
but there was a queer , wild charm about her which captivated them all .
the Blythes accepted her unquestioningly , perhaps because she was fairly respectable now .
with her hair neatly braided Mary passed muster tolerably well .
however , she was a visitor at the manse , so she must be all right .
the mice have gnawed a big hole in the feather tick and made a nest in it .
HE soon found it out .
then father had to give him his bed and sleep on the study lounge .
let's take up the spare room bedclothes and make Mary a bed there .
laws , I never had a decent place to sleep in my life .
I slept in the loft over the kitchen at Mrs Wiley 's .
the roof leaked rain in the summer and the snow druv in in winter .
my bed was a straw tick on the floor .
the good nights were said and silence fell over the manse .
there was no response .
Una crept close to the bed and pulled at the spread .
I heard you .
Mary suddenly appeared to view but said nothing .
Mary moved over and Una snuggled down beside her .
you don't know anything about it .
they didn't lick me there and it wasn't too bad , though the matron was cross .
she always looked ready to bite my head off a nail .
let's both ask God to keep you from having to go back to Mrs Wiley .
anyhow , I won't cry any more about it .
this is a big sight better'n last night down in that old barn , with the mice running about .
look at the Four Winds light .
so do I . I could see it from the Wiley loft and it was the only comfort I had .
when I was all sore from being licked I 'd watch it and forget about the places that hurt .
on winter nights when it didn't shine , I just felt real lonesome .
well , I guess most folks don't mind it much then .
they look just like a flock of little dancing birds .
she flung herself over against the wall of the garret with a slam .
presently Una gave a sob .
instantly Mary squirmed around again and engulfed Una in a bear 's hug .
I was as mean as the devil to talk that way .
I should think you WOULD like any one better'n me .
hush , now .
this terrible threat made Una choke back her sobs .
MARY STAYS AT THE MANSE
the manse children took Mary Vance to church with them the next day .
at first Mary objected to the idea .
I was mighty thankful to go to some place where I could sit down for a spell .
she had , it appeared , a clear , strong voice and a good ear .
I wish I 'd stuck it farther out .
say , I saw Rob MacAllister from over-harbour there .
Mary was apparently a fixture at the manse .
but she refused to go to school with the others .
I can read and write and cipher up to fractions .
that 's all I want .
Mary employed herself while the others were at school in cleaning up the manse .
in a few days it was a different place .
but there was one department with which Aunt Martha refused to let her interfere .
they belong to the old Nick .
you can tell that by their eyes .
when school came out they always went to Rainbow Valley .
Mary refused to play in the graveyard .
she declared she was afraid of ghosts .
then she caught Walter 's eyes and blushed .
Mary was a good deal in awe of Walter .
she declared to the manse girls that his eyes made her nervous .
Jem was Mary 's favourite .
she also won Carl 's heart entirely by her interest in his beetles and ants .
she quarrelled bitterly with Nan Blythe the second day .
then she and Faith fell out about the rooster .
Mary said its tail was too short .
Mary was jolly .
rainbow Valley seances were undeniably more exciting after Mary came .
she learned to play on the jew's-harp and soon eclipsed Jerry .
Mary seldom lost a chance of tooting her own horn .
there were times when they hated her and times when they loved her .
but at all times they found her interesting .
and Mrs Wiley 'll be here yet .
SHE'S got a rod in pickle for me all right .
well , it ain't a fair world .
Mary blushed .
she was very conscious of her hat , and I am afraid she strutted up the manse hill .
Mary 's temper was somewhat ruffled just then , into the bargain .
aunt Martha had refused to let her peel the potatoes and had ordered her out of the kitchen .
you 'll bring the potatoes to the table with strips of skin hanging to them and half boiled as usual !
then he went on with his sermon .
Mary slipped from the gate and confronted the spick-and-span damsel of Ingleside .
Rilla resisted .
Mary eyed her sourly .
look at me .
my dress is all rags and I don't care !
go home and tell them to put you in a glass case .
but as the latter tried to edge away towards the gate Mary pounced on her again .
Mary let go for a minute and looked around here .
Mary had a diabolical inspiration .
Rilla 's courage gave way .
to be lambasted with a dried codfish was such an unheard-of thing that Rilla could not face it .
with a shriek she dropped her basket and fled .
the basket and contents were no longer in Mary 's mind .
she thought only of the delight of giving Rilla Blythe the scare of her life .
she would teach HER to come giving herself airs because of her fine clothes .
Mary felt she was making a tremendous sensation and enjoyed it .
in another instant that terrible girl would be on her with the codfish .
Miss Cornelia took the whole situation in at a glance .
so did Mary .
Miss Cornelia 's lips tightened ominously , but she knew it was no use to think of chasing her .
Rilla was heart-broken .
her dress and slippers and hat were ruined and her six year old pride had received terrible bruises .
Susan , white with indignation , heard Miss Cornelia 's story of Mary Vance 's exploit .
her heart gave out at once .
they were just playing Indian ambush .
Susan , who had returned , sniffed contemptuously .
I have been hearing of Amelia Warren 's weak heart for forty years .
she had it when she was twenty .
what is going to become of those children ?
I think the world is getting more sensible .
it generally spoils him .
even the Hill girls balk at that .
they haven't been found laying traps for Mr Meredith .
Elizabeth would make him a good wife if he only thought so .
Miss Cornelia shook her head .
and her mother was a very poor housekeeper .
did you ever hear the story of her dishcloth ?
she lost her dishcloth one day .
but the next day she found it .
do you think a woman like that would do for a minister 's mother-in-law ?
I do not .
but no doubt I would be better employed in mending little Jem 's trousers than in talking gossip about my neighbours .
he is in the attic writing something in an exercise book .
he has been writing silly rhymes when he should have been doing his sums .
I suppose it is the best way , when a person has the strength .
I had an uncle who began by being a poet and ended up by being a tramp .
that old codfish seemed to come in so blamed handy .
you ask Una if I didn't .
Marshall used to be well acquainted with her when he lived over-harbour .
but I shall send Marshall over to-morrow to find out the rights of this if he can .
and THEN I 'll speak to the minister .
Dear knows what those poor children might learn from her .
I understand that she has been known to swear .
but just think of her being there two whole weeks and Mr Meredith never waking up to it !
what business has a man like that to have a family ?
two evenings later Miss Cornelia was back at Ingleside .
she has had a bad heart for years and the doctor had warned her it might happen at any time .
she had sent away her hired man and there was nobody in the house .
some neighbours found her the next day .
you know , it puts Marshall in a regular fury to hear of a child being ill-used .
they said she whipped her mercilessly for every little fault or mistake .
as you know , I hold with lawful spanking , but I go no further .
the others were already there .
Jem and Jerry were playing quoits with old horseshoes borrowed from the Glen blacksmith .
Carl was stalking ants on a sunny hillock .
they 're like those ghost-stories of yours .
they send for him from everywhere when they want to dig a well .
there was an old man at Mrs Wiley 's one day last fall .
he looked old enough to be ANYTHING .
she was asking him about cedar posts , if he thought they 'd last well .
they 'll last a thousand years .
he must have been so disappointed .
perhaps she even used to cry about it .
and we may not come for we cannot come as long as the Piper plays .
you give me the creeps .
do you want to set me bawling ?
Walter smiled in triumph .
it satisfied some dramatic instinct in him .
but under his triumph was a queer little chill of some mysterious dread .
I never thought there was so much in bugs .
they wouldn't put up a fight at all .
a shocked silence prevailed .
Faith and Di exchanged glances that would have done credit to Miss Cornelia herself .
Walter and Carl looked uncomfortable and Una 's lip trembled .
Mary squirmed uncomfortably .
but I won't say that again if I can help it .
at this juncture Nan arrived breathless .
Mrs Elliott has been over-harbour and what do you think she found out ?
then she shivered .
I wouldn't like to think I 'd prayed anybody to death .
I never thought of such a thing as her dying when I was praying .
she didn't seem much like the dying kind .
I 'm good and scared of this praying business .
he goes by me and never sees me in broad daylight .
he is thinking deeply , that is all .
Miss Cornelia had an interview with Mr Meredith which proved something of a shock to that abstracted gentleman .
Mr Meredith did know and was honestly shocked over his own carelessness in the matter .
we 'd better write to the Hopetown authorities at once .
Susan would have died of horror on the spot if she had heard Miss Cornelia so admonishing a minister .
Mary obeyed , looking literally ghastly with fright .
but she got the surprise of her poor , battered little life .
Mary left the study with her face and eyes so softened that Una hardly knew her .
Mary proved a rather dull companion in the following days , however .
she has a great big house and Mr Elliott is always wanting her to have help .
it would be just a splendid place for Mary .
at first Una did not think she could .
she was so shy that to ask a favour of anybody was agony to her .
and she was very much in awe of the bustling , energetic Mrs Elliott .
the next evening she slipped away from the manse to the harbour road .
Far down in Rainbow Valley she heard joyous laughter but her way lay not there .
Marshall Elliott had planted trees about it and set out a rose garden and a spruce hedge .
it was quite a different place from what it had been in years agone .
the manse children and the Ingleside children liked to go there .
the misty sea was lapping softly far down on the sands .
three big boats were skimming down the harbour like great white sea-birds .
a schooner was coming up the channel .
but when Una turned in at Miss Cornelia 's gate her very legs had almost refused to carry her .
Miss Cornelia was alone on the veranda .
Una had hoped Mr Elliott would be there .
he was so big and hearty and twinkly that there would be encouragement in his presence .
she sat on the little stool Miss Cornelia brought out and tried to eat the doughnut Miss Cornelia gave her .
it stuck in her throat , but she swallowed desperately lest Miss Cornelia be offended .
Una swallowed the last twist of doughnut with a desperate gulp .
Miss Cornelia stared blankly .
take Mary Vance !
she doesn't want to go back to the asylum she cries every night about it .
she 's so afraid of being sent to another hard place .
I 'm quite able to do all the work here .
the light went out of Una 's eyes .
her lips trembled .
she could never bear to hurt a child .
so I 've heard .
I 've heard she swears , too .
so don't say anything about it just yet .
Una took it and ate it with a better appetite .
I always do that when I 'm hungry especially after we 've had ditto for dinner .
THEN I read the fried chicken and the roast goose recipes .
in the end Miss Cornelia did take her and went up to announce her decision to the Ingleside people first .
I want that poor child to get a good home .
but she 's also a human being with an immortal soul to save .
Mary received the news with chastened satisfaction .
butter won't melt in my mouth after this .
no fear of me telling lies then .
Carl gave her his Noah 's ark and Jerry his second best jew's-harp .
my grandfather had money , but they say he was a rascal .
I 'm willing to give Him a chance .
my mind 's been easy since , but I 'm real cautious about praying .
I guess the old rhyme is the safest .
I 'm sure it couldn't be right to pray to the devil .
and it wouldn't do any good because he 's bad .
Una was startled .
the idea of her father marrying again had never presented itself to her before .
the Wilson kids across the road from Wiley 's had a stepmother .
there 's no being up to them .
and the worst of stepmothers is , they always set your father against you .
he 'd always take her part and her children 's part .
Mary had not instilled any poison of the kind Miss Cornelia had feared into the manse children 's minds .
yet she had certainly contrived to do a little mischief with the best of intentions .
the door of the girls ' room was open and he saw Faith lying asleep , rosy and beautiful .
he wondered where Una was .
John Meredith sighed .
Cecelia would have looked after her better than that .
if only Cecelia were still with him !
how could SHE , the beautiful and vivid , have died ?
the idea of a second marriage had never presented itself seriously to John Meredith .
he had loved his wife so deeply that he believed he could never care for any woman again .
he sighed and went to his room , where the bed was still unmade .
but Mr Meredith did not notice that it was unmade .
his last thoughts were of St Augustine .
CHAPTER X THE MANSE GIRLS CLEAN HOUSE
I do hate a rainy Sunday .
JUST look at the holes in my heels .
Una , get up .
I can't get the breakfast alone .
oh , dear .
I wish father and Jerry were home .
and yet EVERYTHING seems gone .
she 's groaning with the misery still .
maybe we ought to tell Dr Blythe .
she says doctors just live by poisoning people .
faith giggled over the remembrance .
they had nearly scalded the skin off poor Aunt Martha 's back .
Una sighed .
Mary Vance would have known just what the precise temperature of flannels for a misery back should be .
Mary knew everything .
they knew nothing .
the preceding Monday Mr Meredith had left for Nova Scotia to spend his short vacation , taking Jerry with him .
she could not rise from her bed , any movement causing agony .
faith and Una cooked the meals and waited on her .
the first day it had been too thin .
the next day so thick that you could cut it in slices .
and both days it had been burned .
if I leave it for a minute the horrid stuff will burn .
it 's half past nine .
just see how it 's pouring .
he had come home with dripping stockings and boots and had sat out the evening in them .
he could not eat any breakfast and Faith made him go back to bed again .
she and Una left the table as it was and went to Sunday School .
there was no one in the school room when they got there and no one came .
they waited until eleven and then went home .
Una washed the dishes , doing them quite nicely , for so much had she learned from Mary Vance .
Faith swept the floor after a fashion and peeled the potatoes for dinner , cutting her finger in the process .
the Blythe children don't know what ditto is .
Nan says Susan would faint if they had no pudding on Sundays .
it 's more interesting .
Mary Vance says so .
Faith had an inspiration .
it 's a real good chance when Aunt Martha is laid up and can't interfere with us .
people won't be able to talk about us any more .
faith 's amiable wish was fulfilled .
the world was full of summer sunshine after the rain .
it was a peerless day for house-cleaning and Faith and Una went gaily to work .
accordingly , everything was taken out .
the furniture was piled on the veranda and lawn and the Methodist graveyard fence was gaily draped with rugs .
Una surveyed the streaked result dubiously .
you dust the furniture and I 'll shake the rugs .
I 'm going to do it in the graveyard .
Faith enjoyed the rug shaking .
to stand on Hezekiah Pollock 's tombstone , flapping and shaking rugs , was real fun .
Faith liked Minnie and Adella .
next to the Blythes , they were her best friends in school and she always helped Adella with her sums .
this was gratitude for you .
we 'll get square then .
come on , let's put the things back in .
it was two o'clock before the tired girls finished the two rooms .
they got a dreary bite in the kitchen and intended to wash the dishes at once .
Miranda Drew brought the story home from the Methodist Sunday School this afternoon and I simply scoffed at it .
that night they were very hungry ; but by the following day their troubles were over .
the talk is something terrible .
I expect it 's ruined your father in this congregation .
he 'll never be able to live it down , poor man !
everybody blames him for it , and that isn't fair .
faith said nothing , but her eyes flashed golden-brown scorn at Mary .
Jem could always manage her .
Mary looked haughtily at them .
everybody knows you DID .
Elder Clow and his wife saw you .
some people say it will break up the church , but I don't go that far .
Nan Blythe stood up and put her arms around the dazed Faith and Una .
I 've blistered my tongue talking for him this week .
Una sat down among the daisies and began to cry .
SOMEBODY has made a mistake .
Sunday WAS fine , Faith .
Una 's evening was spoiled by this dire reflection , but Faith refused to be made uncomfortable .
so she put the past with its mistake behind her and gave herself over to enjoyment of the present .
Jem went away to fish and Walter came out of his reverie and proceeded to describe the woods of heaven .
Mary pricked up her ears and listened respectfully .
it always gave her a delightful sensation .
they are built of gold and diamonds whole streets of diamonds , flashing like the sun .
AN EXPLANATION AND A DARE
but when the folks went home that night it was not of Dr Cooper 's sermon they talked .
they had completely forgotten all about it .
there was a slight pause .
the organist had got out the music of her anthem and the choir had cleared its throat .
Miss Cornelia half rose in her seat and then sat down again .
there was no use making the exhibition worse than it had to be .
but Faith was not thinking of her clothes at all .
she was feeling suddenly nervous .
what had seemed easy in imagination was rather hard in reality .
she thought she could not speak after all .
Una 's little pearl-pure face gleamed up at her beseechingly from the manse pew .
the Blythe children were lost in amazement .
back under the gallery Faith saw the sweet graciousness of Miss Rosemary West 's smile and the amusement of Miss Ellen 's .
but none of these helped her .
it was Bertie Shakespeare Drew who saved the situation .
Bertie Shakespeare sat in the front seat of the gallery and he made a derisive face at Faith .
people are saying that Una and I stayed home last Sunday and cleaned house instead of going to Sunday School .
we went to Sunday School in all that rain on Saturday and nobody came .
Faith 's bravado ebbed out in a sob .
she ran down the steps and flashed out of the side door of the church .
there the friendly starlit , summer night comforted her and the ache went out of her eyes and throat .
she felt very happy .
HIS duty was clear ; the collection must be taken if the skies fell .
the Reverend Doctor had a sense of humour and Faith 's performance tickled him .
besides , John Meredith was well known in Presbyterian circles .
Mr Meredith returned home the next afternoon , but before his coming Faith contrived to scandalize Glen St Mary again .
but he had forgotten the trifling incident by the time he reached home .
Anne tried to look sober and failed .
they 've been the plague of the neighbourhood this summer and the Drews WON'T shut them up .
Miss Cornelia came up to Ingleside that evening to relieve her feelings over Sunday night .
THAT had begun to die away , and this has started it all up again .
and there were so many hotel people there that night and scores of Methodists .
Mrs Leander Crawford cried , she felt so bad .
but you do not often see her name on a subscription list , Mrs Dr dear .
tears come cheaper .
but I could tell worse things than THAT of Mrs Leander Crawford , if I was disposed to gossip .
I suppose Carl would have known better if he hadn't been sick .
no wonder they made him sick .
Walter was with her .
then she laughed .
Miss Cornelia laughed , too .
well , I feel encouraged .
somehow , a talk with you always does have that effect on me .
now , when I go to see Barbara Samson , it 's just the opposite .
she makes me feel that everything 's wrong and always will be .
he did not really have any intentions .
twenty-one beaus and me that never had one !
but Barbara went through the woods and picked up the crooked stick after all .
she 's a sly puss .
as for work , I never saw anything like her .
Mrs Wiley may have been cruel to her , but folks needn't say she made Mary work .
Mary 's a born worker .
sometimes I wonder which will wear out first her legs or her tongue .
I don't have enough to do to keep me out of mischief these days .
I 'll be real glad when school opens , for then I 'll have something to do again .
THE HOUSE ON THE HILL
the manse and Ingleside children knew , of course , as they knew everything else about the magic valley .
Rosemary West knew of it ; it was her fountain of romance , too .
she had whispered her own secret in return , and they had kissed and promised by the wild wood spring .
the spring was a hidden thing .
you might have passed within ten feet of it and never have suspected its existence .
two generations past a huge old pine had fallen almost across it .
John Meredith , under all his shyness and aloofness , had the heart of a boy .
he had been called Jack in his youth , though nobody in Glen St Mary would ever have believed it .
Walter and he had taken to each other and had talked unreservedly .
the moon was rising .
he sat there and dreamed like any boy .
John Meredith stood up as she came in and saw her REALLY saw her for the first time .
she was certainly not in the least like Cecilia , who had always been his ideal of womanly beauty .
life had taught her to be brave , to be patient , to love , to forgive .
she had watched the ship on which her lover went sailing out of Four Winds Harbour into the sunset .
but , though she watched long , she had never seen it coming sailing back .
that vigil had taken girlhood from her eyes , yet she kept her youth to a marvellous degree .
John Meredith was startled by her loveliness and Rosemary was startled by his presence .
she felt that she was an unpardonable goose and she longed to shake herself .
deftly he fashioned this into a three-cornered cup , filled it from the spring , and handed it to Rosemary .
yet the memory of that draught was to be very pleasant to Rosemary .
perhaps this was because of what the minister did when she handed him back the cup .
nevertheless , it had a curious significance for her .
John Meredith held the cup uncertainly .
he did not know what to do with it .
the logical thing would have been to toss it away , but somehow he was disinclined to do this .
rosemary held out her hand for it .
but the minister took them from her with quite a masterful air and they walked away together .
it was the first time Rosemary had stood by the valley spring without thinking of Martin Crawford .
the mystic tryst had been broken .
but the little path was shadowy and narrow .
they wrap themselves away from us .
they whisper and plot furtively .
if they reach out a hand to us it has a hostile , tentative touch .
rosemary 's dress brushed against John Meredith as they walked .
he seemed to find no difficulty in talking easily and freely .
Rosemary , it appeared , possessed a book which Mr Meredith had not read and wished to read .
at times I feel stifled down there in the Glen .
he gave a conscious laugh .
no doubt you know my reputation , Miss West .
they found Ellen West in the sitting room when they went in .
she had her chance now and she tackled him on world politics .
Miss Ellen nodded .
and who is going to nip him ?
England should , but she won't .
WHO is going to nip him ?
rosemary said nothing , but sat in a little rocker behind Ellen and stroked an important black cat meditatively .
after Rosemary had gone to the door with him and come back Ellen rose and looked at her accusingly .
rosemary quivered .
Ellen 's speech was like a blow to her .
it rubbed all the bloom off the pleasant evening .
but she would not let Ellen see how it hurt her .
Mr Meredith merely wants to be a friend if he wants that much itself .
I 'm always suspicious of widowers .
they are not given to romantic ideas about friendship .
they 're apt to mean business .
he 's got brains , too .
I 've enjoyed the evening .
I wouldn't mind seeing more of him .
she had always laughed at the warning with unfeigned amusement .
who wanted to philander ?
she went upstairs without saying goodnight .
Ellen shook her head dubiously and looked at the black cat .
so it won't matter if he does want to philander , George .
she promised .
she felt vaguely upset and unsettled .
she was suddenly tired of outworn dreams .
and in the garden the petals of the last red rose were scattered by a sudden little wind .
MRS ALEC DAVIS MAKES A CALL
John Meredith walked slowly home .
the charm of Rainbow Valley had no potency against German theology .
Mrs Marshall recovered but never forgave him .
the bride , who was very nervous , began to cry .
he might even have forgotten his Sunday service if it had not been for Mrs Alec Davis .
Mr Meredith sighed .
Mrs Davis was the only woman in Glen St Mary church whom he positively detested .
unfortunately , she was also the richest , and his board of managers had warned Mr Meredith against offending her .
Mr Meredith seldom thought of such a worldly matter as his stipend ; but the managers were more practical .
also , they were astute .
otherwise , he would likely have forgotten all about her as soon as Aunt Martha had gone out .
Mrs Davis was sitting on the sofa , looking about her with an air of scornful disapproval .
what a scandalous room !
there were no curtains on the window .
Mrs Davis asked herself , and then primmed up her unbeautiful mouth .
Faith 's pet rooster ambled through the hall , stood in the parlour doorway and looked at her .
Mrs Davis gave a scornful sniff .
each felt the antagonisn of the other 's personality .
Mr Meredith shrank , but Mrs Davis girded up her loins for the fray .
she had been thinking about it all summer and had come to a decision at last .
this was all that mattered , Mrs Davis thought .
nobody else had any say in the matter .
that had always been her attitude .
so in this case Mrs Davis had arranged everything to her own satisfaction .
now it only remained to inform Mr Meredith .
Mr Meredith shut the door meekly .
then he sat down before Mrs Davis .
he was not wholly aware of her yet .
his mind was still wrestling with Ewald 's arguments .
Mrs Davis sensed this detachment and it annoyed her .
I 've been thinking it over for some time .
I have often thought of adopting a child , since my husband 's death .
but it seemed so hard to get a suitable one .
it is very few children I would want to take into MY home .
and there is hardly ever any other child to be got .
one of the fishermen down at the harbour died last fall and left six youngsters .
their grandfather stole a horse .
Una will suit me exactly .
I would never dream of adopting Faith .
Mr Meredith was wide enough awake by this time .
there was a faint flush in his pale cheek and a dangerous light in his fine dark eyes .
Cecilia had clung to her baby until the gates of death had shut between them .
she had looked over the little dark head to her husband .
the others can fight their way but the world will hurt HER .
you both need me so much .
these had been almost her last words except a few unforgettable ones for him alone .
and it was this child whom Mrs Davis had coolly announced her intention of taking from him .
he sat up straight and looked at Mrs Davis .
Mrs Davis looked blank .
she had never dreamed of his refusing .
it is entirely out of the question .
disappointment angered Mrs Davis beyond the power of old habit to control .
her broad red face turned purple and her voice trembled .
it is the talk of the place .
they aren't fed and dressed properly , and they 're not trained at all .
they have no more manners than a pack of wild Indians .
you never think of doing your duty as a father .
YOU wouldn't have cared if they 'd caught small-pox from her .
and Faith made an exhibition of herself getting up in preaching and making that speech !
and she rid a pig down the street under your very eyes I understand .
he stood up and looked at Mrs Davis with eyes that made her quail .
you have said too much .
but Mrs Davis , recovering her feet , waved him back furiously .
this is no fit place for a decent woman .
give me my umbrella and let me go .
Mr Meredith picked up the gorgeous parasol meekly enough and gave it to her .
Mrs Davis seized it and marched out .
Jerry and Carl had given up banister sliding and were sitting on the edge of the veranda with Faith .
she stopped and shook her parasol at them .
but Mrs Davis was gone .
but he did not return to his German theology .
he was too grievously disturbed for that .
Mrs Davis had wakened him up with a vengeance .
HAD he so scandalously neglected the bodily and spiritual welfare of the four little motherless creatures dependent on him ?
WERE his people talking of it as harshly as Mrs Davis had declared ?
what could he do ?
but WAS he fit to have charge of them ?
he knew none better his weaknesses and limitations .
what was needed was a good woman 's presence and influence and common sense .
but how could that be arranged ?
Even were he able to get such a housekeeper it would cut Aunt Martha to the quick .
but that was out of the question .
he did not wish to marry he did not and could not care for anyone .
then what could he do ?
Mrs Blythe was one of the few women he never felt shy or tongue-tied with .
she was always so sympathetic and refreshing .
it might be that she could suggest some solution of his problems .
he dressed hurriedly and ate his supper less abstractedly than usual .
Carl was especially happy because he had two most beautiful spiders crawling around his supper plate .
yet Mrs Davis had said their behaviour was the talk of the congregation .
the minister 's face fell .
and he craved a little companionship more than ever .
it flared out rosily like a beacon of good hope .
he suddenly remembered Rosemary and Ellen West .
he thought that he would relish some of Ellen 's pungent conversation .
and he needed comfort .
it was surely his duty to guard against that in this case .
he went back into his study , got the book , and plunged downward into Rainbow Valley .
Susan and Miss Cornelia thrashed this out between them ; Anne took no part or delight in such goulish conversations .
Mary Vance sat beside her , knitting meekly .
she had to knit so many rounds of her stocking before she might go to the valley .
Mary knit and held her tongue , but used her ears .
that dress she wore was the black satin she got for her daughter 's wedding fourteen years ago .
and I may say she did .
Myra Murray was not a woman to attend her own funeral before she died .
Susan sighed again heavily .
a funeral was really a delightful subject of conversation .
she said perhaps her sickness had made Myra a little light-headed .
she has better health now but no more cheerfulness .
Myra was so different .
perhaps the men they married had something to do with it .
Luella 's man was a Tartar , believe ME , while Jim Murray was decent , as men go .
nothing ever stumped HER .
I want to bustle round in heaven the same as here .
yet we must not offend them .
we are losing too many people , by death or bad temper .
Mrs Alec Davis has left the church , no one knows why .
she told the managers that she would never pay another cent to Mr Meredith 's salary .
of course , most people say that the children offended her , but somehow I don't think so .
if you touch one , you touch all .
we can't do without them , so much is certain .
they pay half the salary .
he hasn't come to church for twenty years .
she felt dreadfully humiliated .
but she always had a cowed look .
they weren't engaged exactly , I believe , but they went about together for two years .
so like a man !
she was too meek for Norman .
he needed a woman who could stand up to him .
he despised Hester , that is the truth , just because she always gave in to him .
and then he went and married a girl who couldn't say boo to a goose man-like .
that family of Reeses were just vegetables .
most folks would not consider that much fun , but it is plain he does .
people do have such different ideas of enjoyment .
as for Norman Douglas , he is a perfect heathen .
Mary needed no second bidding .
if only old Norman Douglas would come back to church and pay , it wouldn't be so bad .
Faith carried a heavy heart to bed with her that night .
the thought of leaving the Glen was unbearable .
Faith sat up in bed and looked out of the little vine-hung window .
the night was very still , the silence broken only by Una 's soft breathing .
Faith felt terribly alone in the world .
she could see Glen St Mary lying under the starry blue meadows of the autumn night .
over the valley a light shone from the girls ' room at Ingleside , and another from Walter 's room .
Faith wondered if poor Walter had toothache again .
then she sighed , with a little passing sigh of envy of Nan and Di .
away beyond the Glen , amid fields that were very quiet with sleep , another light was burning .
Faith knew it shone in the house where Norman Douglas lived .
Mary had said if he could only be induced to return to the church all would be well .
she knew what ought to be done and she , Faith Meredith , would do it .
she would make everything right .
with a sigh of satisfaction , she turned from the lonely , dark world and cuddled down beside Una .
with Faith , to decide was to act .
she lost no time in carrying out the idea .
she did not volunteer any further information and Walter felt rather snubbed .
it was a warm , windy evening with a sweet , resinous air .
beyond the sand dunes were gray seas , soft and beautiful .
faith cruelly broke up the august assembly by climbing up on the fence and hurling a broken rail at it .
they steal little birds ' eggs out of their nests , you know .
I saw one do it on our lawn last spring .
Walter , what makes you so pale to-day ?
Walter shivered .
Susan said it served me right for sitting up in the cold garret yesterday writing poetry trash .
but she started up the kitchen fire and got me a hot-water bottle and it stopped the toothache .
as soon as I felt better I told Susan my poetry wasn't trash and she wasn't any judge .
now you know , Faith , that isn't so .
Walter shivered again .
Walter flushed .
I hate being hurt .
Susan said I looked more like fainting than Jem did .
but I couldn't hear to see Jem hurt , either .
somebody is always getting hurt , Faith and it 's awful .
but I don't want to run I want to go to work and help them .
your father HAS to hurt people lots of times to cure them .
that 's a different thing .
I want to help people , too .
but oh , I wish there weren't any ugly , dreadful things in the world .
oh , here 's Dan Reese .
I 'm just going to walk past and never take the least notice of him .
Faith accordingly stalked past Dan with her chin out and an expression of scorn that bit into his soul .
he turned and shouted after her .
Faith walked on , seemingly oblivious .
but her lip trembled slightly with a sense of outrage .
she knew she was no match for Dan Reese when it came to an exchange of epithets .
she wished Jem Blythe had been with her instead of Walter .
Walter , she knew , never fought other boys .
neither did Charlie Clow of the north road .
she would not have blamed the angel and she did not blame Walter Blythe .
Walter was pale no longer .
he had flushed crimson and his beautiful eyes were clouded with shame and anger .
he knew that he ought to have avenged Faith .
Jem would have sailed right in and made Dan eat his words with bitter sauce .
he knew he would get the worst of it .
he hated the idea .
he never could understand Jem 's exultation in an occasional conflict .
he felt sure she must despise him .
she had not even spoken to him since Dan had called her pig-girl .
he was glad when they came to the parting of the ways .
she wanted to be alone because she suddenly felt rather nervous about her errand .
impulse had cooled , especially since Dan had bruised her self-respect .
she must go through with it , but she no longer had enthusiasm to sustain her .
suppose he called her something nasty she had heard he was given to that .
faith could not endure being called names they subdued her far more quickly than a physical blow .
if she did not her father might have to leave the Glen .
on the back veranda Norman Douglas himself was sitting , reading a newspaper .
his big dog was beside him .
Norman Douglas was rather a fine-looking personage in his way .
he did not know who she was and he gazed at her with disfavour .
Norman Douglas liked girls of spirit and flame and laughter .
at this moment Faith was very pale .
she was of the type to which colour means everything .
she looked apologetic and afraid , and the bully in Norman Douglas 's heart stirred .
for once in her life Faith had nothing to say .
she had never supposed Norman Douglas was like THIS .
she was paralyzed with terror of him .
he saw it and it made him worse .
what 's troubling you ?
Faith could not speak up .
no words would come .
but her lips began to tremble .
Great Kitty , is the girl possessed of a dumb spirit ?
Norman 's voice could have been heard at the harbour .
operations in the kitchen were suspended .
Mrs Wilson was listening open-eared and eyed .
Norman put his huge brown hands on his knees and leaned forward , staring into Faith 's pallid , shrinking face .
he seemed to loom over her like some evil giant out of a fairy tale .
she felt as if he would eat her up next thing , body and bones .
one of the parson 's youngsters , hey ?
I 've heard of you I 've heard of you !
a nice lot !
what do you want here , hey ?
faith wished herself a thousand miles away .
she stammered out her thought in its naked simplicity .
Norman glared at her .
who put you up to it , jade ?
don't lie to me !
who sent you here ?
Norman bounced up .
I don't want to hear another word from you .
when I want parsons or pill-dosers I 'll send for them .
till I do I 'll have no truck with them .
do you understand ?
faith got out .
Norman Douglas ' insults burned in her soul , kindling a scorching flame .
unhesitatingly she turned and walked back .
the veranda was deserted and the kitchen door shut .
faith opened the door without knocking , and went in .
Norman Douglas had just sat down at the supper table , but he still held his newspaper .
then she faced him , with her flashing eyes and scarlet cheeks .
she was such a handsome young fury that Norman Douglas hardly recognized her .
Unquailingly she glared back into the angry eyes against which so few people could hold their own .
you are a rude , unjust , tyrannical , disagreeable old man .
I am going to make faces at you whenever I see you after this .
every time I am behind you you will know what is happening .
Faith did not know what a vampire meant any more than she knew what the Scotch fiddle was .
she had heard Susan use the expressions and gathered from her tone that both were dire things .
but Norman Douglas knew what the latter meant at least .
he had listened in absolute silence to Faith 's tirade .
faith 's eyes flashed more passionately .
she would have enjoyed another explosion of rage , but this cut deep .
I am going home .
did I call her cheese-face ?
if you 'd looked like that at the first , girl !
but he 's black , girl , he 's black and I 'm red .
and you hope I 'll have the Scotch fiddle , do you ?
Lord love you , girl , I had IT when I was a boy .
I made a fool of myself and I 'm sorry .
forget and forgive .
shake hands , girl shake hands .
but she must !
faith found herself shaking hands with the ogre and then sitting at his board .
Norman Douglas looked at her admiringly .
a good squall clears the air and briskens things up .
I can't stand that .
begin on that .
Wilson has some fancy name for it , but I call lit macanaccady .
Wilson 's tea is shallamagouslem .
I swear she makes it out of burdocks .
I can't stomach such a name .
there 's no smeddum to it .
besides , it makes me think of my Aunt Jinny .
she called her three girls Faith , Hope , and Charity .
faith didn't believe in anything Hope was a born pessimist and Charity was a miser .
and you 've roped me into promising to go to church ?
come now , girl , will you let me off ?
I used to pay a hundred to the salary every year and go to church .
if I promise to pay two hundred a year will you let me off going to church ?
I reckon I can stand it twelve times a year .
what a sensation it 'll make the first Sunday I go !
and old Susan Baker says I 'm going to hell , hey ?
I 'd soon get tired of angels .
Faith did fancy it , and it tickled her so much that she had to laugh .
Norman eyed her approvingly .
I 'll see I 'll watch out for flaws .
he 'd better be careful what he says before ME .
I 'm bound to have some fun out of this church going business .
I like sermons on that subject .
I 'll give an extra ten dollars every time you get your father to preach on hell .
here 's Wilson and the jam .
like that , hey ?
IT isn't macanaccady .
faith obediently swallowed the big spoonful Norman held out to her .
I 'll give you a couple of jars to take home with you .
it wasn't my fault that Hester didn't have a new hat for ten years .
never you try to bamboozle me into that !
why , girl , they wouldn't be fit for heaven or hell clean spoiled for either place clean spoiled .
hey , Wilson , haven't you got a smile on yet ?
I 'll give you that too , if you 'd like it .
who ever heard of petting a rooster ?
better take little Tom .
Norman yielded the point rather reluctantly .
she was happy and thankful .
no fear now that they would have to leave the Glen and the graveyard and Rainbow Valley .
Mr Meredith shook hands with him absently on the church steps and hoped dreamily that Mrs Douglas was well .
Norman intercepted Faith at the gate .
I 'm free now till the first Sunday in December .
fine sermon , girl fine sermon .
your father has more in his head than he carries on his face .
and what 's the matter with a nice tasty discourse on heaven for New Year 's ?
Ha , ha !
I want to hear his opinion on it .
Faith was glad to escape him and run home .
next day in school was a different matter .
at noon recess Faith encountered Dan in the little spruce plantation behind the school and Dan shouted once more ,
he was very pale , but his eyes blazed .
Walter had hurled himself across the intervening space and knocked Dan off the fence backward with one well-directed blow .
Dan 's sudden inglorious sprawl was greeted with a burst of laughter and a clapping of hands from Faith .
Dan sprang up , purple with rage , and began to climb the fence .
but he held his head high and marched into school .
Faith followed in a conflict of emotions .
she hated to think of Walter fighting that little sneak , but oh , he had been splendid !
and he was going to fight for HER Faith Meredith to punish her insulter !
of course he would win such eyes spelled victory .
faith 's confidence in her champion had dimmed a little by evening , however .
Walter had seemed so very quiet and dull the rest of the day in school .
he didn't think Walter would fight , or he wouldn't have called names before him .
oh , if you could just have seen Walter 's face when he looked at him , Una !
it made me shiver with a nice shiver .
don't you DARE tell anyone , Una .
I 've only worn it twice so it will be almost new .
but I wish I was sure Walter would win .
Faith would have been yet more dubious if she could have seen her champion just then .
and he kept thinking of it all the time .
would it hurt much ?
he was terribly afraid that it would hurt .
and would he be defeated and shamed ?
Susan had made a big batch of his favourite monkey-faces , but he could choke only one down .
Jem ate four .
Walter wondered how he could .
how could ANYBODY eat ?
there was mother , with her shining eyes and pink cheeks .
SHE didn't know her son had to fight next day .
would she be so gay if she knew , Walter wondered darkly .
Jem laughed over this and Anne laughed again with him .
Walter couldn't endure it .
he got up and fled to his room .
Poor Walter was very far removed in spirit from the starry realms of poesy just then .
he propped his elbow on his open window-sill and leaned his head drearily on his hands .
father says we can go .
at any other time Walter would have been delighted .
he gloried in the burning of the sand-hill grass .
but now he flatly refused to go , and no arguments or entreaties could move him .
talking of it seemed to give it a reality from which he shrank .
it was torture enough to think of it .
it was a sharp , clear evening when far-away sounds were heard distinctly .
how could people laugh ?
how could foxes and blue-jays and engines behave as if nothing were going to happen on the morrow ?
he slept very little that night and had hard work choking down his porridge in the morning .
Mr Hazard found him an unsatisfactory pupil that day .
Faith Meredith 's wits seemed to be wool-gathering , too .
Una had gone home , but Faith was there , having tied her blue ribbon around Walter 's arm .
somehow they had not heard of what was in the wind and had gone home , too .
Walter faced Dan quite undauntedly now .
Dan , it was noted , was really paler under his freckles than Walter was .
one of the older boys gave the word and Dan struck Walter in the face .
Walter reeled a little .
then he felt pain no longer .
his face flushed crimson , his eyes burned like flame .
he hurled himself forward and closed with Dan like a young wildcat .
there were no particular rules in the fights of the Glen school boys .
Walter fought with a savage fury and a joy in the struggle against which Dan could not hold his ground .
it was all over very speedily .
Dan sulkily admitted that he had .
besides , that blood was so horrible .
they were frightened .
they thought he would kill Dan .
now that all was over they sobbed hysterically except Faith , who still stood tense and crimson cheeked .
Walter did not stay for any conqueror 's meed .
he sprang over the fence and rushed down the spruce hill to Rainbow Valley .
it had been so ugly , and Walter hated ugliness .
also , he began to realize that he himself was somewhat sore and battered up .
his lip was cut and swollen and one eye felt very strange .
that reverend gentleman looked gravely at him .
the Rev John 's eyes twinkled .
being frightened of things is worse than the things themselves .
do you know who wrote that , Walter ?
it was Shakespeare .
was there any feeling or emotion or experience of the human heart that that wonderful man did not know ?
perhaps it may knock that poetry nonsense out of him .
the kitchen looked as if it had been stirred up with a stick , believe ME .
Mr Meredith wasn't home .
he may have a notion of Rosemary West and he may not .
MARY BRINGS EVIL TIDINGS
the gum helped a lot and I didn't chew VERY hard .
besides , I sat away at the back in a dark seat and nobody saw me .
then I came away and forgot it .
I went back to get it next morning , but it was gone .
I suppose Rod Warren swiped it .
Mary Vance walked down the Valley with her head held high .
she was very conscious of her new clothes and very well pleased with herself .
she did not look much like the forlorn and ragged waif the Merediths had found in the old Taylor barn .
Una tried not to feel envious .
the new squirrel muff was really the last straw .
but Mary did not mind or notice that ; she was not overly sensitive .
she vaulted lightly to a seat on the pine tree , and laid the offending muff on a bough .
Una saw that it was lined with shirred red satin and had red tassels .
Una sat very still .
people with squirrel muffs needn't expect to get everything in the world .
Una tucked HER feet under her .
there was a hole in the toe of one of her boots and both laces were much knotted .
but they were the best she had .
why hadn't they left her in the old barn ?
Una never felt badly because the Ingleside twins were better dressed than she and Faith were .
THEY wore their pretty clothes with careless grace and never seemed to think about them at all .
somehow , they did not make other people feel shabby .
of course , Mary was going out for a visit and she was not .
listen to me cracking it .
Mrs Elliott won't let me chew gum if she sees me .
she says it ain't lady-like .
this lady-business puzzles me .
I can't get on to all its kinks .
say , Una , what 's the matter with you ?
Mary leaned past her , picked it up and thrust it into Una 's hands .
ain't that a dandy muff ?
I 'm to get the collar at Christmas .
Una had put it back on the bough .
say , old Kitty Alec has come back to church as meek as Moses and nobody knows why .
but everybody is saying it was Faith brought Norman Douglas out .
his housekeeper says you went there and gave him an awful tongue-lashing .
he 's going to exchange with Mr Perry from Charlottetown .
I didn't see it .
Faith sprang down from the pine .
Mary shrugged her shoulders .
she was so fond of that Adam .
he ought to have been in the pot long ago he 'll be as tough as sole leather .
but I wouldn't like to be in Martha 's shoes .
when Una got home Faith was lying face downwards on her bed , utterly refusing to be comforted .
aunt Martha had killed Adam .
the rooster 's killed and there 's an end of it .
I ain't going to set no strange minister down to a dinner of cold b'iled mutton .
Faith would not go down to supper that night and she would not go to church the next morning .
he was certainly not handsome and he was a very tiresome , pompous sort of person .
he carved Adam up dexterously , showing off his plump white hands and very handsome diamond ring .
also , he made jovial remarks all through the performance .
Jerry and Carl giggled , and even Una smiled wanly , because she thought politeness demanded it .
but Faith only scowled darkly .
the Rev James thought her manners shockingly bad .
the Rev James drew his bushy eyebrows together at her .
this put Faith in a worse temper than ever .
it was insufferable .
neither Faith nor Una would touch a mouthful , and looked upon the boys as little better than cannibals .
she is a very sweet child .
I wish you had the privilege of her acquaintance .
she could help you in many ways .
of course , you have not had the inestimable privilege of a good mother 's care and training .
I trust he may awaken to a realization of his responsibility before it is too late .
in the meantime , it is your duty and privilege to endeavour to take your sainted mother 's place .
I fear that you do not think of these things as you should .
Mr Perry 's oily , complacent voice trickled on .
he was in his element .
he had no idea of stopping , and he did not stop .
she was really not listening to him at all .
but she was watching his long black coat-tails with impish delight growing in her brown eyes .
Mr Perry was standing VERY near the fire .
his coat-tails began to scorch his coat-tails began to smoke .
the coat-tails smoked worse .
a tiny spark flew up from the burning wood and alighted in the middle of one .
it clung and caught and spread into a smouldering flame .
Faith could restrain herself no longer and broke into a stifled giggle .
Mr Perry stopped short , angered over this impertinence .
he whirled round and saw nothing .
then he clapped his hands to his coat-tails and brought them around in front of him .
there was already quite a hole in one of them and this was his new suit .
faith shook with helpless laughter over his pose and expression .
Adam was partially avenged .
FAITH MAKES A FRIEND
next day in school was a hard one for Faith .
Poor Faith went home from school feeling her very soul raw and smarting within her .
she ran down through Rainbow Valley .
enchantment had been at work the night before .
the rosy light of sunset lay over the world like a pink kiss .
but all its dreamlike loveliness was lost on poor , sore-hearted little Faith .
by the brook she came suddenly upon Rosemary West , who was sitting on the old pine tree .
she was on her way home from Ingleside , where she had been giving the girls their music lesson .
judging from the expression of her face , her thoughts were pleasant ones .
faith stopped abruptly when she saw Miss West .
she did not know her very well just well enough to speak to when they met .
and she did not want to see any one just then except Mrs Blythe .
rosemary smiled .
faith looked at Miss West with sudden interest .
here was a person who understood things .
I always talk things over with her .
faith 's lip quivered .
Faith took another long , earnest look into Miss West 's eyes .
rosemary did not laugh or feel like laughing .
but we must remember , dear , that he didn't know that Adam had been a pet of yours .
if it had been a horrid old cat nobody would have thought it queer .
when Lottie Warren 's kitten had its legs cut off by the binder everybody was sorry for her .
he was just a little golden ball .
he would run up to me and peck out of my hand .
and Aunt Martha had no right to kill him .
he was mine .
I remember I had a pet hen when I was a little girl .
I loved her as much as I ever loved any pet .
there was a little added flush on her face .
she looked rather conscious but Faith noticed nothing .
I know I would just have loved to see Jimmy Perry 's coat-tails burning up .
both laughed ; but Faith ended with a bitter little sigh .
we miss so much out of life if we don't love .
if you would I 'll give you one .
to herself , Rosemary was thinking ,
faith was comforted .
sympathy and understanding were very sweet .
finally they parted firm friends .
Faith was telling Una of her meeting with Rosemary .
I felt as if I wanted to hug her .
John Meredith walked meditatively through the clear crispness of a winter night in Rainbow Valley .
every little fir tree in the long valley sang its own wild song to the harp of wind and frost .
his children and the Blythe lads and lasses were coasting down the eastern slope and whizzing over the glassy pond .
far on the western hill gleamed a paler but more alluring star .
he had come to realize that he had learned to care for Rosemary .
THAT was entirely different .
that love of romance and dream and glamour could never , he thought , return .
but Rosemary was beautiful and sweet and dear very dear .
she was the best of companions .
he was happier in her company than he had ever expected to be again .
she would be an ideal mistress for his home , a good mother to his children .
it was commonly thought he was never aware of them .
but he was quite acutely aware of them .
it reminded him so strongly of James Perry .
Mrs Marshall Elliott was his good friend and he liked her .
that fact had seeped through all his abstraction very early in his ministry in Glen St . Mary .
he had some ideals to which no seeming necessity could make him false .
across the gulf of strangerhood they clasped hands of friendship .
Emmeline bore no further grudge towards Rosemary .
it had been only the glamour of the manse that had temporarily blinded Emmeline 's eyes to the better part .
a sled with three shrieking occupants sped past Mr Meredith to the pond .
Faith 's long curls streamed in the wind and her laughter rang above that of the others .
Ellen had always been there .
he did not precisely object to Ellen being there .
he liked Ellen West very much and they were the best of friends .
he liked her interest in politics and world events .
she was always splendidly sincere .
and Ellen was always around .
she did not insist on talking to Mr Meredith herself all the time .
she let Rosemary have a fair share of him .
sometimes they quite forgot her presence .
but if it was ever to reach a climax that climax must come when Ellen was away .
and Ellen was so seldom away , especially in winter .
she found her own fireside the pleasantest place in the world , she vowed .
gadding had no attraction for her .
she was fond of company but she wanted it at home .
only old guests were invited , so Rosemary was not included .
Mr Meredith pricked up his ears a trifle and a gleam flashed into his dreamy dark eyes .
I 'm rather sorry in some ways , St George .
but he 's good company and I like him .
Ellen 's face looked almost ugly in its lowering resolution .
Upstairs Rosemary was crying into her pillow .
so Mr Meredith found his lady alone and looking very beautiful .
so she wore her plain dark afternoon dress and looked like a queen in it .
she had looked forward to it all day with dread .
she knew that she could be very happy with him and that she could make him happy .
rosemary could not remember her father .
he had died when she was only three years old .
Ellen , who had been thirteen , remembered him , but with no special tenderness .
he had been a stern , reserved man many years older than his fair , pretty wife .
they were devoted to their mother , who was a chronic invalid .
at first they were intolerably lonely .
I shall be left all alone .
Ellen bent forward and looked searchingly into Rosemary 's eyes .
what did it matter ?
she knew quite well she would never want to marry any one .
Ellen 's condition improved from that hour .
she soon regained her normal cheery poise .
their promise sat very lightly on them .
John Meredith did not immediately grasp his opportunity .
he even tried politics , though politics always bored Rosemary .
she felt flat and foolish .
the glow went out of her face and the lustre out of her eyes .
the room had grown terribly still .
Even St George ceased to purr .
rosemary heard her own heart beating and was sure John Meredith must hear it too .
she had been ready for days with her stilted , regretful little formula .
and now the words of it had completely vanished from her mind .
she had to say no and she suddenly found she could not say it .
it was the impossible word .
the thought of putting him from her life was agony .
John Meredith was a little surprised .
he had been tolerably sure she cared for him .
she was not a school girl to be uncertain as to her own mind .
he felt an ugly shock of disappointment and dismay .
but he assented to her request with his unfailing gentle courtesy and went away at once .
when the door shut behind him she went back into the room and wrung her hands .
GEORGE KNOWS ALL ABOUT IT
at midnight Ellen West was walking home from the Pollock silver wedding .
the evening had been a pleasant one .
Ellen , who had not been to a party for years , found it very pleasant .
no gathering was ever stagnant when Norman Douglas was present .
everybody had been surprised when Norman came .
it was well known he never went anywhere .
he had taken his second cousin , Amy Annetta Douglas , out to supper and seemed rather attentive to her .
the moonlit air sparkled with frost .
the snow crisped under her feet .
there was a light in the manse study .
so John Meredith had gone home .
had he asked Rosemary to marry him ?
and after what fashion had she made her refusal known ?
Ellen felt that she would never know this , though she was quite curious .
she was sure Rosemary would never tell her anything about it and she would not dare to ask .
she must just be content with the fact of the refusal .
after all , that was the only thing that really mattered .
she disliked so much to be alone that thinking aloud was one of her devices for circumventing unwelcome solitude .
it seems like a dream that we could ever have been beaus .
she paused at her gate with a sudden vague feeling of alarm .
what was Rosemary doing up at this hour of the night ?
and why was she striding about like a lunatic ?
as she opened the hall door Rosemary came out of the room .
an atmosphere of stress and passion hung about her like a garment .
Ellen composedly removed her wraps and overshoes , and followed her sister into the warm , fire-lighted room .
she stood with her hand on the table and waited .
she was looking very handsome herself , in her own grim , black-browed style .
her walk in the frosty air had stung her cheeks into a glowing scarlet .
but her steel-blue eyes were as icy and unyielding as the sky of the winter night .
she stood waiting in a silence which Rosemary could break only by a convulsive effort .
Ellen clenched her hands and took an involuntary step forward .
Ellen recovered her self-command .
Rosemary held out her hands beseechingly .
a promise is a promise in my eyes .
I will not do it .
have you ever given a thought to what my loneliness would be here if you left me ?
haven't I been a good sister to you ?
have I ever opposed any wish of yours ?
you talk like a school miss instead of a middle-aged woman .
he doesn't love you .
he wants a housekeeper and a governess .
you don't love him .
rosemary quivered .
there was no use arguing with her .
and I won't talk of it again .
you promised and you 've got to keep your word .
that 's all .
go to bed .
look at the time !
To-morrow you 'll be more sensible .
at any rate , don't let me hear any more of this nonsense .
Rosemary went without another word , pale and spiritless .
we 've dealt with foolish children before , Saint .
she promised and she 's got to keep her promise .
but Ellen lay savagely awake till morning .
there was no sulking , however .
Rosemary was pale and quiet the next day , but beyond that Ellen could detect no difference in her .
it was stormy , so no mention was made of going to church .
in the afternoon Rosemary shut herself in her room and wrote a note to John Meredith .
but under his mortification a dreadful realization presently made itself felt .
he had thought he did not love Rosemary as deeply as he had loved Cecilia .
now , when he had lost her , he knew that he did .
and he must put her out of his life completely .
even friendship was impossible now .
life stretched before him in intolerable dreariness .
we 'll just wink the other eye for a few weeks .
I admit I don't feel comfortable myself , George .
I feel as if I had drowned a kitten .
the harbour and the gulf and the low-lying shore fields had been dim with pearl-gray mists .
but now in the evening the rain had ceased and the mists had blown out to sea .
clouds sprinkled the sky over the harbour like little fiery roses .
a great silvery evening star was watching over the bar .
Mary Vance eyed her gloomily .
knowing what she knew , or fancied she knew , Mary considered that Faith was far too light-hearted .
Just you listen to me .
I just come up to-night a-purpose to tell you so .
Una 's lips trembled and her sensitive little soul shrank within her .
Mary was always so brutally frank .
Jerry began to whistle out of bravado .
he meant to let Mary see he didn't care for HER tirades .
their behaviour was no business of HERS anyway .
what right had SHE to lecture them on their conduct ?
sarcasm was quite thrown away on Mary .
the session will ask your father to resign .
Mrs Alec Davis said so to Mrs Elliott .
I heard her .
I always have my ears pricked up when Mrs Alec Davis comes to tea .
the Methodists just laugh and laugh at you , and that hurts the Presbyterian feelings .
I 'm not telling you this because I want to hurt YOUR feelings .
she says she 's going to give up the class .
and I wish old Jane Drew WOULD give up our class .
I hate her .
they make more of a sensation .
and then that praying competition you had last week has made a fearful scandal .
you had SOMETHING .
the over-harbour people swear you had a tea-party , but I 'm willing to take your word .
you 've been told often enough you shouldn't play in the graveyard .
why , EVERYbody is talking of it .
your pa goes to see Rosemary West .
I just go by what folks say . I don't give it for a fact .
but it would be a good thing .
they 're always that way till they 've caught them .
but you need some one to bring you up .
you 're disgracing your pa and I feel for him .
I 've never said a single swear word since , or told a lie .
but you just mind that she gives you all one for breakfast , including your pa .
make a fuss if she doesn't .
Mary 's tongue being temporarily tired , a brief silence fell over the graveyard .
the manse children did not feel like talking .
they were digesting the new and not altogether palatable ideas Mary had suggested to them .
Jerry and Carl were somewhat startled .
and it wasn't likely there was a word of truth in it .
faith , on the whole , was pleased .
only Una was seriously upset .
she felt that she would like to get away and cry .
why , little babies must have smaller ones than big men .
well , it 's getting dark and I must scoot home .
laws , when I lived with Mrs Wiley the dark was just the same as the daylight to me .
now , you mind what I 've said and try to behave yourselves , for you pa's sake .
Mrs Elliott says she never saw the like of me for sticking up for my friends .
I was real sassy to Mrs Alec Davis about you and Mrs Elliott combed me down for it afterwards .
the fair Cornelia has a tongue of her own and no mistake .
Mary sailed off , excellently well pleased with herself , leaving a rather depressed little group behind her .
Jerry squirmed uncomfortably .
he adored his father .
through the unshaded study window they could see Mr Meredith at his desk .
he did not seem to be either reading or writing .
the children suddenly felt it .
Jem Blythe had slipped into the graveyard and sat down beside the girls .
the manse children were rather silent after his coming .
Jem was beginning to grow away from them somewhat this spring .
also , his evenings were so full of work that he seldom joined the others in Rainbow Valley now .
he seemed to be drifting away into grown-up land .
and Faith poured out her troubles to sympathetic Jem .
you 'd have to think up different ways of punishment to suit the person .
I read all about such a club in a story-book .
there 's no use in having many rules .
that 's the rule .
he is the squarest boy in Glen St . Mary .
don't breathe a word to Mary Vance .
no , let's take Friday .
that 's fish day , anyhow , and we all hate fish .
we may as well have all the disagreeable things in one day .
this is a Good-Conduct Club , for the purpose of bringing ourselves up .
we 're only talking the club over .
it isn't really formed until we 've written it out and signed it .
you know Mrs Elliott is cracked on the subject of Methodists .
nobody else makes any fuss about my going .
I always behave myself .
you ask Jem or Mrs Blythe and see what they say .
I 'll abide by their opinion .
but Mary Vance says it changes people ALTOGETHER to be made stepmothers .
she says they 're sure to do that .
oh , Mary has told me blood-curdling things about them .
you don't know her as well as I do , Una .
just think of that sweet little bird she sent me .
Mary says they can't help it .
don't be silly , Una .
Likely if we run our club right and bring ourselves up properly father won't think of marrying any one .
but Una had no such conviction and she cried herself to sleep .
for a fortnight things ran smoothly in the Good-Conduct Club .
it seemed to work admirably .
not once did any of the manse children set the Glen gossips by the ears .
she and Una were sitting on the Pollock tombstone .
her face was purple and her pale-blue , bold little eyes were red and watery .
her feet and legs were as purple as her face .
but Lida did not mind this much .
faith and Una grinned cheerfully back .
she shivered , coughed , and stuck out her bare feet .
Lida was not thinking about herself or her feet , and was making no bid for sympathy .
she held her feet out instinctively to keep them from the wet grass around the tombstone .
but Faith and Una were instantly swamped with a wave of pity for her .
she looked so cold so miserable .
for a moment Faith stated in horror .
this was terrible .
Impulsive Faith thought of nothing but the dreadfulness of it .
in a moment she was pulling off her own shoes and stockings .
you 'll catch your death of cold .
I 've got others .
that is what I meant when I gave them .
Lida had meant to stay awhile and talk to the girls about many things .
she had no intention of keeping them on down that dirty harbour road .
they were to be kept good for gala occasions .
Lida was furnished forth for the summer .
she had no qualms in the matter .
NOW we both have a pair .
and it 's true .
I feel FAR happier now than I ever did in my whole life before .
her gladness collapsed like a pricked balloon .
she sat for a few dismal minutes in silence , facing the consequences of her rash act .
they were undoubtedly hideous .
they were still unworn in her bureau drawer .
Faith did know this .
Una shook her head .
they wouldn't go on you .
I 'll ask him Monday and I won't go to church tomorrow .
you know it would be dreadful .
what would father say if he knew ?
just wear the striped stockings .
nobody will notice them in church .
it isn't like school .
setting her teeth , she stepped upon it and stood there .
you might get pneumonia .
let's go into the house and get SOMETHING for your feet .
oh , here 's Jerry .
I 'm so thankful .
it isn't right , if you are .
I 'm not punishing myself .
Jerry sprang at her and caught her arms .
he pulled one way and Faith pulled another .
Una ran behind Faith and pushed .
faith stormed at Jerry to leave her alone .
Jerry stormed back at her not to be a dizzy idiot ; and Una cried .
they made no end of noise and they were close to the road fence of the graveyard .
Henry Warren and his wife drove by and heard and saw them .
they all went in amiably and went to bed .
Faith slept like a cherub and woke in the morning without a trace of a cold .
she felt that she couldn't feign sickness and act a lie , after remembering that long-ago talk with her father .
faith went early to Sunday School and was seated in the corner of her class pew before any one came .
faith and Carl sat alone in the manse pew .
Jerry had gone into the gallery to sit with a chum and the Blythe girls had taken Una with them .
he escaped from it whenever he could .
Carl , absorbed in watching a spider spinning its web at the window , did not notice Faith 's legs .
she walked home with her father after church and he never noticed them .
the few who had not seen soon heard .
Miss Cornelia said that she , for her part , gave up .
even Mrs Dr Blythe felt a little shocked , though she attributed the occurrence solely to Faith 's forgetfulness .
meanwhile , Faith 's soul was being harrowed up in Rainbow Valley .
Nan and Di both put their arms around Faith and glared defiance at Mary .
the latter suddenly crumpled up , sat down on a stump and began to cry .
and I never went bare-legged in church in my toughest days .
I 'd never have thought of doing such a thing .
she says Cornelia Elliott will live to rue the day she took me in .
it hurts my feelings , I tell you .
faith explained tearfully .
but Jerry , on whom the thing came like a thunderbolt , refused to be placated .
so THIS was what some mysterious hints he had got in school that day meant !
you didn't think and you SHOULD have thought .
we promised we 'd always stop and think before doing things .
she was beginning to realize that her offence was a quite shameful one .
people will always think you just did it for mischief , and they 'll blame father for not stopping it .
this aspect of the case weighed on Faith 's mind .
if people knew the true facts of the case they would not blame him .
Faith worried over the problem for half a week .
then she had an inspiration and promptly acted upon it .
it was the very thing !
they were so ugly and rough and felt so scratchy .
everybody would have made fun of me .
so I just decided I would put my boots on and go that way .
they did not touch his potatoes .
they are very poor , but they are honest .
we never thought it was stealing .
MISS CORNELIA GETS A NEW POINT OF VIEW
that has such a horrible sound .
I shall just be ME .
do you remember how badly I felt when I left our little House of Dreams , Susan ?
I thought I could never love Ingleside so well .
there are such things as fires and earthquakes .
we should always be prepared .
the Tom MacAllisters over-harbour were burned out three nights ago .
some say Tom MacAllister set the house on fire himself to get the insurance .
but I advise the doctor to have our chimneys seen to at once .
an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure .
Anne bent over the daffodils to hide a smile .
Susan was already on her second pair of stockings for Faith .
and that young scalawag of a Joe Vickers is editing the Journal in his absence .
as you say , I don't suppose there is anything to be done now , only live it down .
Marshall never will take anything seriously just like a man .
fortunately , Evan Boyd is like that , too .
he takes it as a joke and is laughing all over the place about it .
and he 's another Methodist !
not that it will be a great loss from any point of view .
but one thing is certain , he doesn't go there any longer .
I hope her visit to Kingsport will do her good .
I can't remember when Rosemary was away from home before .
she and Ellen could never bear to be parted .
but I understand Ellen insisted on her going this time .
nobody is in ignorance of it .
Norman Douglas never left anybody in doubt as to his intentions in regard to anything .
he always did his courting before the public .
he hadn't seen her for twenty years , if you can believe it .
oh , we all know what Norman means , but what Ellen means is a different matter .
for my part , I never detested Norman as some folks do .
what influence could SHE have over Norman Douglas ?
he was in the store when I left , bellowing with laughter over that scandalous letter .
you could have heard him at Four Winds Point .
and all the old grannies want to tame her , darn them .
they might as well try to drown a fish .
Boyd , see that you put more fertilizer on your potatoes next year .
it is very foolish and we ought to stop it .
you Methodists need not pity us , and we Presbyterians need not pity ourselves .
we are not going to do it any more .
Mr Meredith is the best preacher Glen St Mary church ever had .
moreover , he is a sincere , earnest teacher of truth and Christian charity .
he is a manly , honourable , truthful little fellow .
there is nothing commonplace about her .
every one who knows her loves her .
of how many , children or grown-ups , can that be said ?
Una Meredith is sweetness personified .
she will make a most lovable woman .
that good lady was staring helplessly at Anne , apparently engulfed in billows of new ideas .
OF COURSE , that is how we should have talked especially to the Methodists .
Mary Vance thinks it 's the only place in the world .
she 'd be off up here every evening if I 'd let her .
but I don't encourage her in gadding .
I never thought I 'd get so fond of her .
not but what I see her faults and try to correct them .
but in private Miss Cornelia allowed herself the relief of bemoaning it to Anne .
there they sat , on Hezekiah Pollock 's tombstone , and sang for a solid hour .
she was quite meek and I felt that I had snubbed her properly .
they might injure his practice .
people might get it into their heads that he wasn't orthodox .
of course , he was lost in a book as usual .
it 's time somebody dared something .
but of course he 'd never think of it again after he got out of our gate .
that man has no sense of humour , Anne , believe ME .
Miss Cornelia did Mr Meredith an injustice in thinking he would soon forget what she had told him .
they went in , somewhat awed .
it was such an unusual thing for their father to do .
what could he be going to say to them ?
they racked their memories for any recent transgression of sufficient importance , but could not recall any .
besides , Carl had been punished by having to wear Una 's dress all the rest of the evening .
her heart began to beat violently and her legs trembled .
no , it could not be that .
we sang hymns it was a sacred concert , you know .
what harm was that ?
I tell you we never thought about it 's being Methodist prayer meeting night .
I thought it would be good fun to get one up in imitation of it .
that is no excuse for me , of course .
they were overcome with remorse and shame , and felt that they could never be so silly and thoughtless again .
I never saw father so cut up .
oh , Rosemary !
the Good-Conduct Club had a special session the next morning before school .
after various suggestions , it was decided that a fast day would be an appropriate punishment .
it wouldn't be much punishment to fast from ditto .
let's take next Sunday .
father will be away till evening .
aunt Martha did not .
Mr Meredith had gone away early in the morning before any one was up .
he went without his breakfast , too , but that was , of course , of common occurrence .
Breakfast Aunt Martha 's breakfast was not a hard meal to miss .
but it was different at dinner time .
in desperation they rushed to the graveyard where they couldn't smell it .
let's think of something else .
at supper time they did not feel the pangs of hunger which they had suffered earlier in the day .
but she went gamely to church with the others .
but he noticed nothing and his sermon was something longer than usual .
Mrs Elder Clow was the first to reach her .
she caught the thin little body from the arms of white-faced , terrified Faith and carried it into the vestry .
Mr Meredith forgot the hymn and everything else and rushed madly after her .
Gilbert did not find it a very easy thing to bring Una back to consciousness .
he worked over her for a long time before her eyes opened .
then he carried her over to the manse , followed by Faith , sobbing hysterically in her relief .
Mr Meredith groaned , but the doctor got up from Una 's side with an air of relief .
Faith 's innocently uttered phrase rankled in her father 's mind like a barbed shaft .
should he ask Elizabeth Kirk to marry him ?
she was a good woman she would be kind to his children .
he might bring himself to do it if it were not for his love for Rosemary West .
Rosemary had been in church that evening , for the first time since her return from Kingsport .
his heart had given a fierce throb .
he had not seen her since the evening upon which he had asked her to marry him .
when he had risen to give out the hymn his hands were trembling and his pale face was flushed .
then Una 's fainting spell had banished everything from his mind for a time .
now , in the darkness and solitude of the study it rushed back .
rosemary was the only woman in the world for him .
it was of no use for him to think of marrying any other .
he would read just one chapter to compose his mind .
five minutes later he was lost to the world and the troubles of the world .
the wind was laughing and whistling about them like a leal , glad-hearted comrade .
the young ferns were spicy in the hollow .
the wild cherry trees scattered over the valley , among the dark firs , were mistily white .
the robins were whistling over in the maples behind Ingleside .
it was spring , and young things MUST be glad in spring .
Jem was not there .
Jem spent his evenings now studying for his entrance examination in the Ingleside garret .
Jerry was down near the pond , trouting .
Nan and Di meant to go to Europe .
Walter longed for the Nile moaning past its Egyptian sands , and a glimpse of the sphinx .
Carl 's heart was set on African jungles .
Una said nothing .
she thought she would just like to stay at home .
it was prettier here than anywhere else .
it would be dreadful when they were all grown up and had to scatter over the world .
the very idea made Una feel lonesome and homesick .
it was WHITE .
I tell you I didn't stop for a second look .
I flew over the dyke quicker than quick .
and you brought up in the Glen .
Walter shivered delightsomely .
he loved ghost stories .
their mystery , their dramatic climaxes , their eeriness gave him a fearful , exquisite pleasure .
Longfellow instantly grew tame and commonplace .
Mary wished he wouldn't look at her so .
she felt she could make a better job of the ghost story if Walter were not looking at her .
she could put on several frills and invent a few artistic details to enhance the horror .
he was an awful old rip , they say , and his wife wasn't much better .
he was about twelve when he came to them , and kind of undersized and delicate .
he burned the barns of a man at Harbour Head who offended him .
and it wasn't long till it got around that Henry WALKED .
that old garden was HA'NTED .
he was heard there at nights , moaning and crying .
the place got such a bad name nobody 'd buy or rent it .
that 's why it 's all gone to ruin .
but I'M not going home through the Bailey garden any more .
here 's Jerry with a big string of trout and it 's my turn to cook them .
Jem and Jerry both say I 'm the best cook in the Glen .
and Cornelia told me I could bring up this batch of cookies .
so Faith and Una and Carl had to go back to the manse alone .
THE GHOST ON THE DYKE
they had never believed in ghosts .
after the first half-awful , half-pleasant thrill of awe and terror they thought of them no more .
but this story came home to them .
the old Bailey garden was almost at their very door almost in their beloved Rainbow Valley .
what was death compared to the unearthly possibility of falling into the clutches of Henry Warren 's grovelling ghost ?
nobody else had come near the valley that evening .
Jem Blythe was away in Charlottetown , writing on his entrance examinations .
Jerry and Walter Blythe were off for a sail on the harbour with old Captain Crawford .
Nan had asked Faith to go with them , but Faith had declined .
no , she wasn't going to go down there and play second fiddle to anybody .
Carl came and sat down close to the girls .
they all wished they had gone home a little sooner , but nobody said anything .
great , velvety , purple clouds heaped up in the west and spread over the valley .
the marsh was full of thousands of fire-flies .
surely some fairy parliament was being convened that night .
altogether , Rainbow Valley was not a canny place just then .
faith looked fearfully up the valley to the old Bailey garden .
then , if anybody 's blood ever did freeze , Faith Meredith 's certainly froze at that moment .
the eyes of Carl and Una followed her entranced gaze and chills began gallopading up and down their spines also .
the three Merediths sat and gazed as if turned to stone .
the girls gave one last agonized glance .
yes , it was creeping down over the dyke , as no calf ever did or could creep .
reason fled before sudden , over-mastering panic .
Carl sprang to his feet and bolted blindly .
with a simultaneous shriek the girls followed him .
they had left Aunt Martha sewing in the kitchen .
she was not there .
they rushed to the study .
it was dark and tenantless .
as with one impulse , they swung around and made for Ingleside but not across Rainbow Valley .
she saw their ghastly faces and staring eyes .
she realized that their poor little souls were wrung with some awful and real fear , whatever its cause .
she caught Carl with one arm and Faith with the other .
Una stumbled against her and held on desperately .
Rosemary herded the three distracted creatures to the Ingleside veranda .
the Meredith children never had any opinion of Susan 's intelligence after that !
Rosemary looked at Susan .
whatever you have seen , it was not a ghost .
there was nothing to be seen in Rainbow Valley when Susan reached it .
no white visitants appeared to be lurking in the shadowy , tangled old Bailey garden .
Back at Ingleside Rosemary had succeeded in calming the children .
this suspicion became a certainty when Susan finally returned .
she spread them on the dyke under the tamarack tree because the grass was clean and short there .
this evening she went out to take them in .
the Merediths sat , crimson with a shame that even Rosemary 's understanding sympathy could not remove .
they sneaked off home , met Jerry at the manse gate and made remorseful confession .
a session of the Good-Conduct Club was arranged for next morning .
we couldn't help being frightened .
and it won't do father any harm .
that is why you should be punished .
this is to be your punishment .
Carl gave a little shudder .
the graveyard was not so very far from the old Bailey garden .
faith and Una looked rather blank .
but no shirking was permitted in the club .
Una slipped in to bid him good night .
her tender heart was wrung with sympathy .
he would not feel alone then .
but that night Mr Meredith had been summoned to the fishing village at the harbour mouth to see a dying man .
he would not likely be back until after midnight .
Carl must dree his weird alone .
the mysterious shadows caused by the lantern-light went hurtling madly over the graveyard like a dance of demons or witches .
then they passed and darkness fell again .
one by one the lights in the Glen went out .
far away on the horizon was the low dim lustre of the Charlottetown lights .
the wind wailed and sighed in the old fir-trees .
Mr Alec Davis ' tall monument gleamed whitely through the gloom .
the willow beside it tossed long , writhing arms spectrally .
at times , the gyrations of its boughs made it seem as if the monument were moving , too .
Carl curled himself up on the tombstone with his legs tucked under him .
it wasn't precisely pleasant to hang them over the edge of the stone .
that had been one of Mary Vance 's cheerful speculations one time when they had all been sitting there .
it returned to haunt Carl now .
he didn't believe those things ; he didn't even really believe in Henry Warren 's ghost .
surely Aunt Martha must have forgotten to wind it .
if only there were a few friendly stars to be seen !
there was a sound as of stealthy passing footsteps all over the graveyard .
Carl shivered , partly with prickling terror , partly with real cold .
then it began to rain a chill , penetrating drizzle .
he felt chilled to the bone .
he forgot mental terrors in his physical discomfort .
but he must stay there till twelve he was punishing himself and he was on his honour .
nothing had been said about rain but it did not make any difference .
Carl 's teeth were chattering .
he thought he would never get warm again .
he was warm enough when morning came .
Jerry gave one startled look at his crimson face and then rushed to call his father .
he had not got home until daylight .
he bent over his little lad anxiously .
Mr Meredith rushed to the telephone .
in ten minutes Dr Blythe was at the manse .
Gilbert shook his head more than once in the fortnight that followed .
Carl developed double pneumonia .
Dr Blythe and the nurse never left the bedside .
they fought death gallantly until the red dawn and they won the victory .
Carl rallied and passed the crisis in safety .
he was staying there to punish himself for cowardice in that affair of the Warren ghost .
Carl got better rapidly , for the congregation took enough nourishing things to the manse to furnish forth a hospital .
Norman Douglas drove up every evening with a dozen fresh eggs and a jar of Jersey cream .
Mary Vance was there , too , but she did not tell any ghost stories .
but Norman had seen her and , what was more , was in pursuit of her .
his bluster , his temper , his noisy hilarity , had always antagonized her .
long ago she had often wondered how Ellen could possibly be attracted to him .
it never worried Norman if people did not like him .
it did not even make him dislike them in return , for he took it as a kind of extorted compliment .
the tiny spring shimmered and dimpled under its fringe of ferns .
Ruby-red gleams of sunset fell through the arching boughs .
a tall clump of perfect asters grew at her side .
the little spot was as dreamy and witching and evasive as any retreat of fairies and dryads in ancient forests .
his personality seemed to swallow the place up .
I want to have a talk with you .
I only wanted you to be comfortable .
you look so durned uncomfortable , standing there .
Norman accordingly sat down in the very place John Meredith had once sat .
there 's something I want to ask you .
rosemary looked down at the spring , which seemed to have shrunk to the size of a dewdrop .
Norman gazed at her in despair .
don't be putting on your tragedy airs .
no wonder Ellen was scared to ask you .
Look here , girl , Ellen and I want to marry each other .
that 's plain English , isn't it ?
come now , will you do it ?
Norman bounced up and seized her reluctant hand .
I knew it would only take a minute .
life 'll have some spice in it after this .
Ellen will roast me and you 'll freeze me .
Rosemary did not condescend to tell him that nothing would ever induce her to live in his house .
it was not in Rosemary 's nature to feel bitter , or she would have felt very bitter .
she was coldly civil to Norman , and she made no difference in any way with Ellen .
but Ellen had not found much comfort in her second courtship .
she was in the garden , attended by St George , when Rosemary came home .
the two sisters met in the dahlia walk .
Rosemary had never cared for dahlias .
their presence in the garden was her concession to Ellen 's taste .
she noticed one huge mottled one of crimson and yellow that lorded it over all the others .
Ellen 's dark-browed face flushed .
but she dared not resent Rosemary 's speech poor Ellen dared not resent anything just then .
and it was the first time Rosemary had ever mentioned Norman 's name to her .
she felt that this portended something .
she could not meet Rosemary 's eyes .
she looked down at St George 's sleek back and felt horribly afraid .
rosemary had either said she would or she wouldn't .
rosemary 's face softened .
Rosemary had a little spark of temper under all her sweetness and it flashed forth now in her blue eyes .
rosemary began to laugh .
I shall not leave you here alone .
it is my firm decision .
it would be absurd for you to think of living here by yourself a mile from any other house .
if you won't come with me I 'll stay with you .
I can manage HIM .
I couldn't prevent him .
you need not suppose you are the only person in the world who possesses self-respect .
rosemary turned away and went into the house , with a shrug of her shoulders .
John Meredith began it and Norman Douglas has finished it .
and now both of them have to go into limbo .
mark my words , St George , the minister would come back if she raised her little finger .
so now come into the house , George , and I 'll solace you with a saucerful of cream .
CARL IS NOT WHIPPED
when Mary Vance thought she ought to tell them things there was seldom much pleasure in the hearing .
to be sure , she was generally a stimulating and agreeable companion .
if only she would not have those convictions that it was her duty to tell them things !
Una 's heart thrilled with secret exultation .
she was very glad to hear that Miss West would not marry her father .
but Faith was rather disappointed .
I heard Mrs Elliott talking it over with Mrs Doctor .
your pa never goes up the hill now .
neither does Norman Douglas .
but Norman is going about declaring he 'll get her yet .
but Rosemary West couldn't be very mean to any one .
of course , I know that half the yarns that are told about you ain't true .
Mrs Carr drove past in that old rattletrap buggy of hers with the open back .
when poor old Mrs Carr was driving up the hill by Ingleside that eel came squirming out between her feet .
the horse bolted , but it went home and no damage was done .
say , it was a rotten trick to play on the poor old soul .
faith and Una looked at each other again .
this was a matter for the Good-Conduct Club .
they would not talk it over with Mary .
Mr Meredith had not seen them , but he was not walking along in his usual dreamy and abstracted fashion .
he strode up the hill in agitation and distress .
Mrs Alec Davis had just told him the story of Carl and the eel .
she had been very indignant about it .
old Mrs Carr was her third cousin .
Mr Meredith was more than indignant .
he was hurt and shocked .
he had not thought Carl would do anything like this .
he was not inclined to be hard on pranks of heedlessness or forgetfulness , but THIS was different .
THIS had a nasty tang in it .
Mr Meredith groaned .
he had hoped that there had been at least exaggeration .
and we hadn't said a word to her , father , truly .
then the eel came to life on the hill and we heard her scream and saw her jump out .
Carl winced .
he had never been whipped .
then , seeing how badly his father felt , he said cheerfully ,
Mr Meredith misunderstood his cheerfulness and thought him insensible .
he dreaded the evening sevenfold more than Carl did .
the poor minister did not even know what he should whip his boy with .
what was used to whip boys ?
no , that would be too brutal .
and he , John Meredith , must hie him to the woods and cut one .
it was an abominable thought .
then a picture presented itself unbidden to his mind .
before he could prevent himself the minister laughed .
then he was angry with himself and angrier still with Carl .
he would get that switch at once and it must not be too limber , after all .
Carl was talking the matter over in the graveyard with Faith and Una , who had just come home .
they were horrified at the idea of his being whipped and by father , who had never done such a thing !
but they agreed soberly that it was just .
I didn't know she jarred her legs .
it would make father feel so bad , if I did .
he 's all cut up now .
the switch lay on the table .
Mr Meredith had had a bad time getting a switch to suit him .
he cut one , then felt it was too slender .
Carl had done a really indefensible thing .
after all , Carl had thought the eel was dead .
Carl threw back his head and held out his hand unflinchingly .
but he was not very old and he could not quite keep a little fear out of his eyes .
John Meredith threw down the switch .
Carl fled to the graveyard , feeling that the look on his father 's face was worse than any whipping .
she and Una had been holding hands and setting teeth on the Pollock tombstone .
Una slipped away .
her heart yearned to comfort her father .
as noiselessly as a little gray mouse she opened the study door and crept in .
the room was dark with twilight .
her father was sitting at his desk .
as silently as she had come in she slipped out and closed the door .
John Meredith went on talking out his pain in what he deemed his undisturbed solitude .
UNA VISITS THE HILL
Una went upstairs .
Una had no wish to go .
she sought her own room first where she sat down on her bed and had a little cry .
she did not want anybody to come in her dear mother 's place .
she did not want a stepmother who would hate her and make her father hate her .
but it was a very hard thing to do .
after Una cried her heart out she wiped her eyes and went to the spare room .
aunt Martha was no fresh-air fiend .
there was a closet in the spare room and far back in the closet a gray silk dress was hanging .
it had been her mother 's wedding-dress .
it was still full of a sweet , faint , haunting perfume , like lingering love .
but I have to do it , mother , because father is so very unhappy .
I know you wouldn't want him to be unhappy .
Una carried some fine , spiritual strength away from her secret shrine .
she slept peacefully that night with the tear stains still glistening on her sweet , serious , little face .
the next afternoon she put on her best dress and hat .
they were shabby enough .
every other little girl in the Glen had new clothes that summer except Faith and Una .
but to-day Una did not mind her shabbiness .
she only wanted to be very neat .
she washed her face carefully .
she brushed her black hair until it was as smooth as satin .
she tied her shoelaces carefully , having first sewed up two runs in her one pair of good stockings .
she would have liked to black her shoes , but she could not find any blacking .
it was quite a long walk and Una was tired and warm when she got there .
she saw Rosemary West sitting under a tree in the garden and stole past the dahlia beds to her .
life had not been pleasant lately in the house on the hill .
Norman Douglas made periodical irruptions also , bullying and coaxing Ellen by turns .
existence would be horribly lonely then , but it would be no longer charged with dynamite .
she was roused from her unpleasant reverie by a timid little touch on her shoulder .
turning , she saw Una Meredith .
but she found it very hard to say what she had come to do .
her voice failed her eyes filled with tears .
rosemary put her arm around the thin little form and drew the child close to her .
Rosemary was silent for a moment from sheer dumbfounderment .
she stared at Una blankly .
he is VERY unhappy about it .
so I thought I would come and tell you that we are never bad ON PURPOSE .
I 'm SURE you won't have any trouble with us .
rosemary had been thinking rapidly .
she must be perfectly frank and sincere with the child .
I never thought of such a thing .
Una whispered earnestly .
rosemary 's face turned crimson .
so John Meredith still cared .
HE hadn't changed his mind .
she sat still for a moment , stroking Una 's hair .
then she said ,
then she looked up , with quivering lips .
Rosemary stared again .
do you think I would do such a thing ?
you 're a darling a heroine as Ellen would say , you 're a brick .
I would never dream of trying to turn your father against you .
I would love you all dearly .
I don't want to take your own mother 's place she must always have that in your hearts .
I want to be your friend and helper and CHUM .
she was so happy that she felt as if she could fly on wings .
faith never believed Mary Vance .
I was dreadfully foolish to believe her , either .
and Jerry and Carl will think it is jolly .
I don't know anything .
she went to the house , wrote a note and gave it to Una .
Ellen looked up and read her sister 's face .
Ellen went on shelling peas for a few minutes .
then she suddenly put her hands up to her own face .
there were tears in her black-browed eyes .
his pale face flushed as he saw the clear , fine handwriting he knew so well .
he opened the letter .
Rosemary asked him if he could meet her that evening at sunset by the spring in Rainbow Valley .
nobody ever saw or heard anything quite like Norman Douglas these days , believe ME .
the sun was setting over Rainbow Valley .
the pond was wearing a wonderful tissue of purple and gold and green and crimson .
they had been having a special celebration , for it would be Jem 's last evening in Rainbow Valley .
on the morrow he would leave for Charlottetown to attend Queen 's Academy .
the shadow of the Great Conflict had not yet made felt any forerunner of its chill .
twilight crept over the valley and the little group grew silent .
his long , shadowy cloak is blowing around him .
the girls shivered .
you make it too real .
but Jem sprang up with a gay laugh .
he stood up on a little hillock , tall and splendid , with his open brow and his fearless eyes .
there were thousands like him all over the land of the maple .
transcribed from the @number@ J W Arrowsmith edition by David Price , email @email@
{ Book cover : cover.jpg }
PRINCE PRIGIO IS Dedicated TO ALMA THYRA EDITH ROSALIND NORNA CECILY AND VIOLET
in compiling the following History from the Archives of Pantouflia , the Editor has incurred several obligations to the Learned .
{ Chapter heading picture : p1.jpg }
with almost everything else to make them happy , they wanted one thing : they had no children .
the king was anxious to consult the fairies , but the queen would not hear of such a thing .
it was a splendid room , hung with portraits of the royal ancestors .
many other pictures of celebrated persons were hanging on the walls .
but here the baby was brought in by the nurse , and the queen almost devoured it with kisses .
and so the fairies were not invited !
don't you like opening parcels ?
the king did , and he was most friendly and polite to the fairies .
but the queen , though she saw them distinctly , took no notice of them .
{ Chapter heading picture : p9.jpg }
Prince Prigio and his Family .
well , the little prince grew up .
well , that was his name .
he argued with his nurse as soon as he could speak , which was very soon .
he argued that he did not like to be washed , because the soap got into his eyes .
then he remembered the awful curse of the oldest fairy , and was sorry for the rudeness of the queen .
{ Prigio reading a book : p11.jpg }
indeed , I cannot tell you how the prince was hated by all !
he would go down into the kitchen , and show the cook how to make soup .
and , what was more , he had !
as time went on , Prince Prigio had two younger brothers , whom everybody liked .
they were not a bit clever , but jolly .
Prince Enrico , the second , was tall , thin , and a little sad , but never too clever .
but Prigio nearly got the country into several wars by being too clever for the foreign ambassadors .
{ The King at his desk : p15.jpg }
well , the king thought and thought .
how was he to get Prigio out of the way , and make Enrico or Alphonso his successor ?
and he wished he had the chance .
well , it arrived at last .
there was a very hot summer !
it began to be hot in March .
all the rivers were dried up .
the grass did not grow .
the corn did not grow .
the thermometers exploded with heat .
the barometers stood at SET FAIR .
now , the Firedrake is a beast , or bird , about the bigness of an elephant .
its body is made of iron , and it is always red-hot .
{ The page crying : p21.jpg }
but he never came back any more !
Enrico was present when Prigio was consoling the king in this unfeeling way .
he insisted on making his will ; and he wrote a poem about the pleasures and advantages of dying young .
this poem comforted Enrico more or less , and he showed it to Prigio .
but he never came back again !
after shedding torrents of tears , the king summoned Prince Prigio to his presence .
now , there can be no further question about the matter .
therefore to send me after the Firedrake were { 25 } both dangerous and unnecessary .
meanwhile , Prince Prigio had to suffer many unpleasant things .
so the prince , for all his cleverness , was not happy .
and he grew so fierce , that even the queen was afraid of him now .
but the rest of the courtiers were delighted at leaving Prince Prigio behind .
when he wakened , the air was cold and the day was beginning to grow dark .
never was such a spectacle of wicked mischief .
it was as if hay had been made of everything he possessed .
the cruel fairy had made him so .
well , here was the prince in a pretty plight .
what Prince Prigio found in the Garret .
there was a pair of boots ; and he kicked off his slippers , and got into them .
they were a good deal worn , but fitted as if they had been made for him .
then he ran downstairs , and walked out of the hall door .
what Happened to Prince Prigio in Town .
by this time the prince was very hungry .
but this , of course , the prince did not know .
otherwise they would be very inconvenient when you only want to cross the room , for example .
perhaps this has not been explained to you by your governess ?
at first he thought they were too busy , but presently another explanation occurred to him .
{ The waiters : p38.jpg }
as he did so , his cap dropped off .
the officer fell on his knees at once , crying :
this was more than the prince could be expected to believe .
sir ! you have insulted your prince and your superior officer .
consider yourself under arrest !
on this , the poor officer appealed piteously to everybody in the tavern .
he was not put in a better temper by the way in which people hustled him in the street .
overcome with surprise , he thrust the money into the woman 's hand , and put on his cap again .
{ The crowd running : p42.jpg }
he walked among the guests , being careful not to jostle them , and listening to their conversation .
it was all about himself !
yes , one had !
it was the pretty lady of the carriage .
I never could tell you how pretty she was .
the prince blushed at this , for he knew his conduct had not been honourable .
you see he was so clever !
he had read about those things in historical books : but now he believed in them .
once he would not have cared , but now he cared very much indeed .
but the prince was not clever for nothing .
he struck a light with a flint and steel , lit a torch , and ran upstairs to the garret .
the prince pulled off the cap of darkness , put on the other , and said :
{ The Prince on the carpet : p52.jpg }
she was the daughter of the new English Ambassador , and her name was Lady Rosalind .
and the prince said :
{ The mothers asleep : p56.jpg }
the Prince is Puzzled .
Prince Prigio did not go to bed .
he reflected for a little , and then ran upstairs to the garret .
Prigio 's first idea was to look at his lady .
he was floating about in a sea of molten lava , on the top of a volcano .
the prince did not like the looks of him .
{ The Prince looking through the telescope : p59.jpg }
{ The Remora : p60.jpg }
what was he to do , indeed ?
and what would you have done ?
and he did !
then he seized the ivory glass , clapped it to his eye , and looked for the Remora .
{ Chapter heading picture : p64.jpg }
the Prince and the Firedrake .
Great burning stones were tossed up by the volcano , and nearly hit him several times .
the garden-engine of poor little Alphonso was lying in the valley , all broken and useless .
it was the first time he had forgotten his grammar , but he was terribly excited .
the cinders fell , jingling and crackling , round the prince in a little shower .
then the Firedrake dived back , with an awful splash of flame , and the mountain roared round him .
then he dropped his own glove into the fiery lake .
the Prince and the Remora .
if he had been too warm before , the prince was too cold now .
and still the thing slipped up , from the chink under the mountain .
then the white folds began to slide , like melting ice , from the black hill .
Prince Prigio felt the air getting warmer behind him , and colder in front of him .
it was an awul sight to behold !
the wounded Remora curled back his head again on himself , and again crawled , steaming terribly , towards his enemy .
but the struggle was too much for the gallant Remora .
with one final roar , like the breath of a thousand furnaces , the Firedrake expired .
{ The Prince in front of the Firedrake : p78.jpg }
punctuality is the politeness of princes ! and a prince is polite , when he is in love !
she seemed prettier and kinder than ever .
he had never been at such a pleasant dinner !
a Terrible Misfortune .
at last he took the prince into a corner , on pretence of showing him a rare statue .
{ The ambassador showing the Prince the proclamation : p82.jpg }
TO ALL LOYAL SUBJECTS .
the ambassador was so astonished that he ran straight upstairs , forgetting his manners , and crying :
William stammered , and seemed at a loss for a reply .
William said at last , rather as if he were making a speech .
and he lays it down on that there seat , and Thomas shows him into the droring- room .
{ The Butler on the carpet : p89.jpg }
below them flowed the clear , green water of the Gluckthal .
and still nobody said a word .
at last the prince spoke :
{ The King and Queen on the carpet : p95.jpg }
the King Explains .
the first who recovered his voice and presence of mind was Benson .
when he had gone , the prince threw himself at the king 's feet , crying :
now , Benson , William , and Thomas brought in the coffee , but the queen took no notice .
{ The King and Queen : p99.jpg }
the tail is like the iron handle of a pump , but the horns are genuine .
the ambassador bowed .
oh , yes ; your man said he had killed the creature in a garden , quite near Gluckstein .
her heart is buried , if I may say so , with poor Alphonso .
on this her majesty grew more indignant , if possible .
then we rose , flew through the air at an astonishing pace , and here we are !
the queen accompanied him , remarking that she was sound asleep , but would waken presently .
indeed , they did not see him again , for he was on the balcony with Lady Rosalind .
but he knew that first he had something that must be done .
the King 's Cheque .
when they all wakened next morning , their first ideas were confused .
Benson 's evidence was taken first .
he declined to say exactly where or how he killed the Firedrake .
yet one or the other choice seemed certain .
perhaps no girl was ever more strangely beset by misfortune !
Prince Prigio was now called on to speak .
he admitted that the reward was offered for bringing the horns and tail , not for killing the monster .
but were the king 's intentions to go for nothing ?
any fellow with a waggon could bring the horns and tail ; the difficult thing was to kill the monster .
he was ready to do this himself .
was Mr Benson equally ready ?
but poor Molinda merely cried .
and I regret to say that his temper was not at all improved by his failure to better himself .
here he was , restored to his position indeed , but by no means to the royal favour .
after that the courtiers were very quiet .
eh ! what do you say , you sneak ?
the royal cheque-book , bound in red morocco , was brought in by eight pages , with ink and a pen .
a Melancholy Chapter .
the prince had gone some way , when the king called after him .
don't you remember that this is your wedding-day ?
{ Molinda before the King : p117.jpg }
my duty is painful , but clear .
a king 's word cannot be broken .
executioner , lead on !
{ The family executioner : p119.jpg }
since mine was another 's , I understand too well the feeling of yours !
then , turning to the king , the prince said :
and here the prince fluttered the cheque for @number@ pounds in the air .
the prince thought for the space of a flash of lightning .
the king , whose mind did not work very quickly , took some minutes to think over it .
Poor Molinda merely stared ; for she could not imagine what he meant .
the Black Cat and the Brethren !
who was glad to see the prince , if it was not Lady Rosalind ?
and the Firedrake would have made a mouthful of him , then .
but the prince said he had his plan , and he stayed that night at the ambassador 's .
{ Poor old Frank : p128.jpg }
the dead cat lay there , like any common cat .
very soon there was nothing of old black Frank left but ashes !
then the prince ran upstairs to the fairy cupboard , his heart beating loudly with excitement .
the sun was shining through the arrow-shot window , all the yellow motes were dancing in its rays .
the light fell on the strange heaps of fairy things talismans and spells .
LEONVM . { 130 }
he opened the bottle , and poured a few drops of the water on the ashes and the dying embers .
{ The Prince and the bottles : p130.jpg }
do you know what he meant to do , if he could not find his brothers ?
let every child guess !
I 've been asleep , and I had a kind of dream that he beat me .
but the pair of us will tackle him .
but I left Enrico somewhere about .
and there was a little heap of grey ashes .
the Very Last .
kings are like that .
but when she saw Alphonso and Enrico , she was much pleased , and said :
{ The Queen and her sons : p140.jpg }
where have you been hiding ?
the king had some absurd story about your having been killed by a fabulous monster .
Bah ! don't tell me .
now they can't , because they are afraid of you ; for you are so awfully clever .
now , couldn't you take the wishing cap , and wish to be no cleverer than other people ?
the prince thought a minute , then he said :
and he was !
{ The Prince putting on the wishing cap : p144.jpg }
PRINTING OFFICE OF THE PUBLISHER .
{ 25 } Subjunctive mood !
he was a great grammarian !
London , @number@
{ 130 } Water from the Fountain of Lions .
transcribed from the @number@ J W Arrowsmith edition by David Price , email @email@
{ Book cover : p0.jpg }
PRINCE RICARDO OF PANTOUFLIA
BEING THE ADVENTURES OF PRINCE PRIGIO'S SON , BY ANDREW LANG AUTHOR OF PRINCE PRIGIO
ILLUSTRATED BY GORDON BROWNE
{ Andrew Lang 's signature : p0v.jpg }
{ Decorative letter T : p0ix.jpg }
there may be children whose education has been so neglected that they have not read Prince Prigio .
{ Prince Ricardo and lady tied up : p13.jpg }
he meant his son , Prince Ricardo , but he called him Dick in private .
but perhaps the thing has been overdone ; at all events , it is not a success .
I wonder if fathers and sons will ever understand each other , and get on well together ?
an idle , restless youth !
here his Majesty sighed , and seemed plunged in thought .
and young people will be young people .
I 'm sure she is like a daughter to me .
I never knew such talent for magic .
even now , when she is out of the schoolroom , she still practises her scales .
I saw her turning little Dollie into a fish and back again in the bath-room last night .
but that 's just one of the things I object to most in Dick .
he has no more heart than a flounder .
besides , he can't possibly marry all of them .
it is a royal road to glory , or giant-slaying made easy .
in his Cap of Darkness a poor brute of a dragon can't see him .
in his Shoes of Swiftness the giants can't catch him .
it 's intellect I miss in Ricardo .
I wonder what the young rogue is about to-day ?
he 'll be late for dinner , as usual , I daresay .
his Majesty rose , and walked to the crystal globe , which was in a stand , like other globes .
I do hope nothing has happened to the boy .
he is so careless .
King Prigio was still turning the crystal globe .
he is a whopper !
he is extremely poorly , blood rushing from his open jaws .
he 's dying !
he 's covered with blood , but he 's well and hearty .
he must have been swallowed by the brute , and cut him up inside .
now he 's cutting the beast 's head off .
now he 's gone to the princess ; a very neat bow he has made her .
Dick 's manners are positively improving !
now he 's cutting her iron chains off with the Sword of Sharpness .
and she 's so pretty , too .
it was Prince Ricardo flying home on his Seven-league Boots .
I 've had a splendid day with a sea-monster .
Prince Ricardo now came beneath the library window , and gave his parents a brief account of his adventure .
I don't know .
the king groaned .
the prince ran upstairs to dress .
on the stairs he met the Princess Jaqueline .
I don't know .
pretty enough , I daresay .
why , you look quite white !
what 's the matter ?
{ The King and the Prince : p30.jpg }
this was a thing which he disliked doing very much .
my taste was for books ; I only took to adventures because I was obliged to do it .
Dick 's taste is for adventures ; I only wish some accident would make him take to books .
the king did not expect much from talking seriously to Dick .
however , he began by asking questions about the day 's sport , which Ricardo answered with modesty .
now Mr Belsham was his tutor , from Oxford .
besides , I can't stand the notion .
I 'll come in and help you .
the princess was silent , and fixed her eyes on her book .
presently the king came in , and played a game with Lina at picquet .
when they were all going to bed , he said :
the princess followed him and took her seat at the writing table .
the letters were very short .
they were all summoned to be at the palace early next morning .
then his Majesty yawned , apologised , and went to bed .
besides , I know it is wrong to listen to what one is not meant to hear .
it is often difficult to be a magician and a good girl .
King Prigio 's secret , why he sent for the tailor and the other people , was his own secret .
however , the princess did not think about right and wrong , unluckily .
then she closed the book and put it back on the shelf .
then the princess took a great silver basin , covered with strange black signs and figures raised in the silver .
{ The Princess drinks the Moon : p41.jpg }
but it seems a cruel trick to play on poor Ricardo .
but she knew very well that she must have dropped seven drops of the enchanted water .
no , you had gone to bed before it happened .
but it was the most extraordinary thing , an unpredicted eclipse of the moon !
you must have noticed it , Jaqueline ; you sat up later .
King Prigio was struck aghast by these sentiments in the mouth of his son and heir , the hope of Pantouflia .
but what was the king to say in reply ?
Dick went on with his breakfast .
meanwhile the king had joined the tradesmen who attended by his orders .
the other merchants murmured assent , for King Prigio was really liked by his people .
he never went to war with anybody .
Herr Schmidt went down on his knees and wept .
{ Herr Schmidt went down on his knees : p52.jpg }
the assembled shopkeepers could scarcely refrain from tears .
the caps were the Wishing Cap and the Cap of Darkness .
the rug was the famous carpet which carried its owner through the air wherever he wished to go .
the sword was the Sword of Sharpness .
the boots were the Seven-league Boots , which Hop-o'-my-Thumb stole from the Ogre about @number@
there were other valuable objects , but these were the most useful and celebrated .
of course the king did not tell the tradesmen what they were .
the tradesmen examined the objects , each choosing that in his own line of business .
but no one was within hearing , and in that very old part of the palace there were no bells .
the king hastened to a window over the gate , and saw the sentinels on duty .
and the sentinels turned round , looked up , and saluted .
the king , who began to guess what had happened , hurried back to the turret-room .
there were all the tradesmen with parcels under their arms .
they all knelt down , humbly imploring his compassion .
in a moment he was alone in the turret-room .
then he would be left to his own cleverness and courage to get him out of the scrape .
{ The Prince with the telescope : p64.jpg }
but this was not the kind of adventure which he enjoyed .
{ Drifting in a light breeze : p66.jpg }
I did not learn magic for nothing .
but he began to feel rather bored .
there is not much pleasure in sport that is easy and certain .
now , apply this moral to dragon-killing with magic instruments .
some people are ; and it does grow rather tedious in the long run .
it consisted of seven drops of silver , set like this :
{ The drops : p72.jpg }
the king looked rather grave .
of course Rosina could only curtsy , but she was very much alarmed about the consequences to her mistress .
when they had sat down his Majesty said :
I am glad you are frank , Jaqueline .
and you know , of course , that the drops are not ordinary silver ?
Poor Jaqueline could only cry .
the princess flew to her room , and returned with her book .
in this guess , as we know , his Majesty was mistaken , which seldom happened to him .
Ricardo never has any notion of geography .
her ornaments were very peculiar ; there was a broad gold sun on her breast .
I must look at them again some day .
it was all about the attitude of Pantouflia in the event of a Polish invasion of Russia .
the old count was affected to tears , and withdrew , while King Prigio said :
{ Hand reaching for a crown with wings : p83.jpg }
now Green Stocking was the chief herald of Pantouflia , just like Blue Mantle in England .
it 's in the Latin Grammar .
the princess took the epistle and began :
Prins , you may be less well informed about my situation .
with the Sword of Sharpness I 'd make the enemy whistle !
let our sords be drawn together in the caus of freedom and an outraged country , my own .
kings must stick up for each other .
but there was no use in talking to Dick .
he made his simple preparations , and announced that he would be back in time for luncheon .
what was poor Jaqueline to do ?
she was extremely anxious .
she was certain Dick would get himself into a scrape ; how was she to help him ?
she made up her mind quickly , while Dick was putting his things together .
of course he knew nothing about her being there .
near him were two boys , not quite so old as Prince Ricardo .
he had laid his sword on the grass .
the prince bowed in the most stately manner .
it 's new to me .
Prince Charles looked puzzled , but requested Dick to explain his great plan .
as he said , nothing could be simpler .
but nothing happened !
but there they remained , under the chestnut tree , sitting on the carpet above the flowery grass .
{ But there they remained : p99.jpg }
Prince Charles leaped to his feet ; his face like fire , his eyes glowing .
you are an impostor , sir !
he paused , and thought .
now Ricardo had always neglected his fencing lessons .
the prince , very much surprised , parried in prime , riposted , and touched Dick on the hand .
at this moment the Princess Jaqueline did what she should have thought of sooner .
she flew out of Dick 's coat , and stung old King James on his royal nose .
the prince had disarmed him .
I cannot strike an unarmed man .
Prince Charles , as briefly as possible , explained the unusual nature of the circumstances .
I can say no more , beyond offering my apology for a disappointment which I could not have foreseen .
a gentleman can only say that he is sorry .
they fell into each other 's arms .
with any blade a gentleman should be able to hold his own in fair fight .
the Prince of Wales bowed , and placed the talisman on his finger .
Ricardo 's Repentance .
{ Bottle of weapon salve : p109.jpg }
the prince had certainly not come well out of the adventure .
I 'm quite broken down and desperate .
besides , Jaqueline had been lectured herself lately , and had not enjoyed it .
Dick repeated .
and she ran to her own room , and brought a beautiful golden casket , which contained her medicines .
but the secret of making it has long been lost , except in Pantouflia .
I tell my father everything ; but then , I never had anything like this to tell him before .
don't you think , Jaqueline , you might break it to him ?
he 's very fond of you .
this was the newspaper of the period .
after dinner , in the conservatory , Jaqueline told King Prigio all about it .
his Majesty was very much moved .
the princess blushed very much , and felt very happy .
but it would have been a ticklish and discreditable position .
I have had enough of it .
and I 'll turn over a new leaf .
you must learn to depend on yourself .
{ The Yellow Dwarf : p123.jpg }
and nothing was done to the scoundrel .
the king did not ask what they were ; as a rule , they were simple .
meanwhile , King Prigio had taken his precautions , which were perfectly simple .
he knew that this showed the neighbourhood of Jaunia , or Daunia , the country of the Yellow Dwarf .
the prince noticed that a steel chain had been drawn across the road .
you 're a prince , by your look .
the very face of the Dwarf , even seen through rose-coloured spectacles , made him nearly ill .
what are you doing here ?
are you an ambassador , maybe come to propose a match for me ?
I 'm not proud , I 'll hear you .
Yah ! mammy's brat !
look here , young Blinkers , I don't want to hurt you .
just turn old Dobbin 's head , and trot back to your mammy , Queen Rosalind , at Pantouflia .
the prince leaped from his horse , leaving Pepper on the saddle-bow .
the Dwarf took in the affair at a glance .
at his call rushed up an enormous Spanish cat , ready saddled and bridled , and darting fire from its eyes .
wishing was now of no use .
this odious fowl was the Fairy of the Desert , the Dwarf 's trusted ally in every sort of mischief .
should he see Ricardo bleeding at the feet of the abominable dwarf ?
the king scarcely dared to look ; never before had he known the nature of fear .
Prince Ricardo wiped the diamond blade clean from its yellow stains .
at that moment King Prigio , looking in the crystal ball , gave a great sigh of relief .
I shall restore the right fairy things to-night .
a hollow groan and the sound of a heavy body falling interrupted the king .
he was alone !
he could not see it , of course , but he felt it with his hands .
meanwhile Ricardo was riding gaily home .
but they did not think it well to trouble the good queen with the dangers Dick had encountered .
{ The enormous letter : p146.jpg }
one morning the post brought a truly enormous letter for Dick .
it was as broad as a table-cloth , and the address was written in letters as long as a hoop-stick .
Dick simply gazed with amazement .
on second thoughts , he considered it unfair to take the cap .
all the other articles were in working order .
presently he heard heavy footsteps sounding along the cavern , and the Giant came out .
he took the corner with the sun on his back and in the Giant 's face .
to it they went , the Giant aiming a blow with his club that would have felled an elephant .
dick dodged , and cut off the Giant 's feet at the ankles .
round III . Dick bisects the Giant .
both sides now attack him on either hand , and the feet kick him severely .
the contest was over ; Dick was resting on a rock .
she merely stood , pale and trembling .
Poor Jaqueline threw herself at his feet , and murmured a short and not very intelligible account of herself .
Jaqueline was somewhat comforted at these words , dropped out of the Giant 's lips from a considerable height .
Jaqueline fairly screamed at hearing this awful news .
you have heard of whirlpools in water ; well , this was just like a whirlpool of air .
she was a prisoner in this great gleaming hall , ending in black nothingness .
it was the Earthquaker !
Jaqueline ran to them .
then they all wept softly in the stillness .
Prigio has an Idea .
{ Ricardo and Semiramis : p165.jpg }
she just caught his tail feather .
in all his adventures the prince had never been in greater danger .
finally he perched on a chandelier that hung from the roof .
he was awakened by the return of the king , who threw himself on a sofa and exclaimed :
then his Majesty lit a cigar and took up a volume ; he certainly was a sad bookworm .
Dick now began to fly about the room , brushing the king 's face and trying to attract his notice .
and Dick alighted , and nestled in his breast .
who can it be ?
he rang the bell , and asked the servant to look for the princess .
Semiramis tried to come in , but was caught and shut up downstairs .
after doing this , the man replied that her Royal Highness had not been in the palace all day .
then he cocked his little eye at the king .
instantly Dick stood before him .
{ Instantly Dick stood before him : p170.jpg }
where have you been ?
where are the Seven-league Boots ?
where is the Sword of Sharpness ?
dick drank the wine , and then he told his miserable story .
why didn't you use the Cap of Darkness ?
but there is no use in crying over spilt milk .
the thing is , to rescue Jaqueline .
his Majesty retired to his study , put his head in his hands , and thought and thought .
what can kill such a monster ?
prodding him with the sword would only stir him up and make him more vicious .
I have a plan .
but difficulties only sharpened the ingenuity of this admirable king .
he then presented King Prigio with a large diamond , and came down into the courtyard to see him mount .
{ King Prigio on the Flying Horse : p178.jpg }
Through the dark rode King Prigio , into the silver dawn of the moon .
before the gate stood two beautiful ladies .
one was fair , with yellow locks , the colour of the harvest moon .
the other lady was as dark as night dark eyes , dark hair ; her crown was of poppies .
she held the ebony Wand of Sleep .
her dress was of the deepest blue , sown with stars .
we are needed there , to judge by that angry crowd in the marketplace .
{ Man with rock : p186.jpg }
it was on a strange sight that the king and Ricardo looked down from the Flying Horse .
beneath them lay the City of Manoa , filling with its golden battlements and temples a hollow of the mountains .
here were palaces all carved over with faces of men and beasts , and with twisted patterns of serpents .
from every temple top came the roar of beaten drums , great drums of serpentskin .
from the battlements of the palace the king 's guardsmen were firing arrows and throwing spears .
Lo , now the shadow shrinks to the foot of the huaca , and the maid is not offered !
in a moment the square was empty , for the people rushed to give thanks in the temples .
the sun was approaching mid-day , and Prigio put spurs to the Flying Horse .
King Prigio stood with the mighty mass poised in his hands .
the king drew a long breath .
who shall describe the joy of the maidens , and how often Jaqueline and Ricardo kissed each other ?
they beat the serpent drums , for they had no bells , on the tops of the temples .
{ The coach : p204.jpg }
PRINTING OFFICE OF THE PUBLISHER .
{ 190 } Huaca , sacred stone .
THE ORANGE FAIRY BOOK
LONGMANS , GREEN AND CO .
LONDON  NEW YORK  TORONTO
LONGMANS , GREEN AND CO .
LONGMANS , GREEN AND CO .
LANG THE ORANGE FAIRY BOOK
COPYRIGHT  @number@ BY LONGMANS , GREEN AND CO .
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
THE LANG FAIRY BOOKS Crown Edition
THE ARABIAN NIGHTS ENTERTAINMENTS . with @number@ Coloured Plates and @number@ Illustrations .
THE BLUE FAIRY BOOK . with @number@ Coloured Plates and @number@ Illustrations .
THE BOOK OF ROMANCE . with @number@ Coloured Plates and @number@ Illustrations .
THE BROWN FAIRY BOOK . with @number@ Coloured Plates and @number@ Illustrations .
THE CRIMSON FAIRY BOOK . with @number@ Coloured Plates and @number@ Illustrations .
THE GREEN FAIRY BOOK . with @number@ Coloured Plates and @number@ Illustrations .
THE GREY FAIRY BOOK . with @number@ Coloured Plates and @number@ Illustrations .
THE LILAC FAIRY BOOK . with @number@ Coloured Plates and @number@ Illustrations .
THE OLIVE FAIRY BOOK . with @number@ Coloured Plates and @number@ Illustrations .
THE ORANGE FAIRY BOOK . with @number@ Coloured Plates and @number@ Illustrations .
THE PINK FAIRY BOOK . with @number@ Coloured Plates and @number@ Illustrations .
THE RED FAIRY BOOK . with @number@ Coloured Plates and @number@ Illustrations .
THE VIOLET FAIRY BOOK . with @number@ Coloured Plates and @number@ Illustrations .
THE YELLOW FAIRY BOOK . with @number@ Coloured Plates and @number@ Illustrations .
it is not difficult to get rid of this element when it does occur in popular tales .
slaves carried far from home brought their stories with them into captivity .
from the remotest days men have been wanderers , and wherever they went their stories accompanied them .
three tales from the Punjaub were collected and translated by Major Campbell .
Ian , the Soldier 's Son @number@
the Fox and the Wolf @number@
the Two Caskets @number@
the Goldsmith 's Fortune @number@
the Adventures of a Jackal @number@
the Adventures of the Jackal 's Eldest Son @number@
the Adventures of the Younger Son of the Jackal @number@
the Three Treasures of the Giants @number@
the Owl and the Eagle @number@
the Frog and the Lion Fairy @number@
the Mink and the Wolf @number@
Ian and the Blue Falcon Frontispiece
the Queen and the Crab @number@
the Crown Returns to the Queen of the Fishes @number@
Makma Leaps into the Pool of Crocodiles Facing page @number@
the Knight and the Raven @number@
Ian Breaks the Giant 's Chain @number@
the Princess Returns from the Sea @number@
cried the Cats @number@
Pinkel Brings the Witch 's Lantern to the King @number@
Pinkel Steals the Witch 's Goat @number@
Ardan Pursues the Golden Cock and the Silver Hen @number@
the King Jumps into the Cauldron @number@
the Mink is Very Rude to the Grandmother Wolf @number@
Balancin 's Delight at the White Slipper @number@
Gilguerillo Falls in Love with Princess Diamantina @number@
THE ORANGE FAIRY BOOK
THE STORY OF THE HERO MAKMA
he could also speak like a grown man , but usually he was very silent .
but no one would come forward .
so he turned and sprang into the water and disappeared .
but he was no longer just a boy !
the giant gave a roar and rushed upon him .
so Makma picked him up and dropped him into the sack that he carried upon his back .
before long he came to a country broken up with huge stones and immense clods of earth .
with a shout , Chi-dbula-tka seized a great clod of earth and launched it at Makma .
and in the midst of this dead region he found a man eating fire .
the fire-eater laughed again , and blew a flame at Makma .
and he listened , but there was no answer .
ye are heroes so great that no man may come against you .
one day , as he was out hunting , he came upon a strange sight .
Gopni-Kfa considered for a moment , then stabbing the antelope with his assegai , he set the python free .
for several days they travelled , and at last they came to a hole leading deep into the earth .
it was not very wide , but large enough to admit a man .
the man did so , and Insto entered .
the man smiled .
he then took Gopni-Kfa by the hand and led him towards the town .
Gopni-Kfa was much astonished at all that he saw , but he said nothing .
even the grains of dust in the streets were of gold and silver .
then he went away .
now Gopni-Kfa had a wasp called Zngi-mzi .
and it flew back into its basket .
the king started .
as soon as the king left him , Gopni-Kfa again took Zngi-mzi out of his basket .
and it was even so .
and when the people of the new town beheld Gopni-Kfa they rejoiced greatly and hailed him as chief .
in this way the end came .
then Gopni-Kfa calmed himself , and drew out Zngi-mzi from its rush basket .
STORY OF THE KING WHO WOULD SEE PARADISE
still the king 's curiosity was so aroused that he would not give way .
the dawn was breaking .
it seemed odd to the king that he had been so long in the grave .
he racked his brains to remember , but he could not call to mind a single thing !
the sun was already up when he turned into the palace gate and entered the public durbar hall .
the poor king , all bewildered , sat down and stared about him .
presently a chamberlain came across and asked him why he sat unbidden in the king 's presence .
he was old , decrepit , dirty , and ragged !
his long white beard and locks were unkempt , and straggled all over his chest and shoulders .
only one sign of royalty remained to him , and that was the signet ring upon his right hand .
he dragged it off with shaking fingers and held it up to the king .
the king looked at him compassionately , and examined the signet with curiosity .
HOW ISURO THE RABBIT TRICKED GUDU
but Gudu pretended not to hear him , and strode along the path .
and some of the fruit was still green , and some yellow .
and as they were all he could get , Isuro was forced to put up with them .
but once again the rabbit 's hopes were dashed to the ground , for Gudu said hastily :
and Isuro did not know that Gudu was lying , and that he only wanted more food .
but what was his surprise when Isuro answered :
and again Gudu was forced to be content with the porridge , which he hated .
after that he went back to the wood-pile and slept again .
and at the sound of his voice the big Gudu trembled all over .
and he danced forward , and turned head over heels , and shook himself before them all .
but Gudu answered :
at length one man said :
then Isuro answered :
and the people did as Isuro had said .
IAN , THE SOLDIER'S SON
and none knew whither they had gone , or how to seek them .
and so it was done , and Ian won three games from his brothers .
In seven days the ship was built , and great store of food and wine placed in her .
they had none of them ever seen that land before , and looked about them .
and the overlooker answered :
but when he was half-way up the raven set upon him also .
so Ian broke off a piece of tobacco and gave it to him .
and the giant heard it on the hunting hill , and lifted his head , thinking
so they wrestled , and twisted and strove with each other till the giant forced Ian to his knee .
and the knife was so sharp that it cut off the giant 's head with a blow .
but the raven shook his head .
and the second giant heard it on the hunting hill , and lifted his head , thinking
then they seized each other by the shoulder , and the giant threw him on his two knees .
and the youth answered :
and picking up the tobacco in his beak , the raven flew away .
this night , you will sleep in the giant 's castle .
at the last Ian entered .
and thus he did .
and while he was rubbing her sides the horse said to him :
when this came to pass the steed broke through the stable door , and kicked him and woke him roughly .
as he walked he saw a woman standing at her house door .
and she gave him some milk , which was all she had till her husband came home .
and the man answered :
so the man , wondering to himself , locked him in .
and he fell asleep again directly .
THE FOX AND THE WOLF
in the summer mornings they led out their flocks to pasture , and were happy and contented from sunrise to sunset .
however , let us see what this village can produce .
at this moment the wolf came up .
what a strange place to meet in !
but what is the matter with you ?
by the well hang two buckets on a pole that were used , in former days , to draw up water .
and the fox shook her head .
and she signed to the wolf to curl himself up in the shadow beside her .
then the wolf and the fox jumped up , and hastened to the foot of the wall .
and she quickened her pace .
the fox drew back uneasily .
once on the top they crouched down and looked about them .
and the fox laughed gently .
the person who goes down in the bucket will be you !
but the fox looked up at him with tears in her eyes .
the wolf looked up , and saw the bucket hanging there , and with some difficulty he climbed into it .
HOW IAN DIREACH GOT THE BLUE FALCON
only Ian remembered .
between them they kindled a fire , and ate their supper .
then Gille Mairtean the fox bade Ian Direach lie down as before , and sleep till morning .
and in the morning , when he awoke , Gille Mairtean said :
then he took the path to the giant 's house .
but the giant answered :
and Ian dared say no more , and hastened down to the waste .
and when he had wakened next morning the fox said to him :
and to the shore of the sea they went .
at dawn next morning Gille Mairtean said to Ian Direach :
in a moment the king came running up , and he seized the colt 's bridle .
the princess stood silent , and her face grew grim .
By-and-by the ship sailed into a harbour on the coast of Erin , and cast anchor there .
in the great hall the king paused and pointed to an iron chest which stood in a corner .
and he stooped down to unlock the box .
the wind was behind them , and very soon they saw the rocks of Dhiurradh in front .
and Ian Direach did as the fox bade him , and set out for the giant 's castle .
thus all things prospered with Ian Direach till he died .
the duck was always puzzled about that egg , and how it came to be so different from the rest .
but at length she grew tired of sitting there all day .
filled with hope , she went back to her duties , though she could hardly sleep all night for excitement .
when she woke with the first streaks of light she felt something stirring under her .
when they returned they found the old neighbour on the bank waiting for them to take them into the duckyard .
no well-bred duckling turns in its toes .
the yard is full already ; and did you ever see anything quite as ugly as that great tall creature ?
so saying she put up her feathers , and running to the big duckling bit his neck .
but as he could not run away again he stood up and bowed politely .
and he curled himself up in the soft grass till the shots died away in the distance .
and the duckling answered meekly :
upon which the hen turned her back , and the cat came forward .
so the cat and the hen went straight off to the old woman , who was still in bed .
and one morning he got so restless that even his friends noticed it .
and the cat , when asked , agreed there was nothing she would hate so much .
and every morning it grew colder and colder , and the duckling had hard work to keep himself warm .
he never could tell afterwards exactly how he had spent the rest of the winter .
he only knew that he was very miserable and that he never had enough to eat .
but by-and-by things grew better .
something pink looked at him from the side of a hill .
he thought he would fly towards it and see what it was .
he had never thought that flying could be like that !
and flying quickly down to the water , he swam after them as fast as he could .
but no such thing was there .
instead , he beheld beneath him a beautiful white swan !
but she was wrong , for it was only the beginning .
trees waved in the soft breeze , and flowers of the brightest colours danced in the grass .
and the maiden answered :
she soon left the meadow and turned into a path which ran between two flowery hedges .
so she sat down and milked till the pail was nearly full .
then she drank it all up except a little drop at the bottom .
many hours had now passed since the girl had fallen down the well , and the sun was setting .
and she began combing out the old woman 's hair , which was long and white .
half an hour passed in this way , and then the old woman said :
as soon as it was light next morning the girl got up and went into the cow-house .
but before they drank they all rubbed themselves against her knees and purred by way of thanks .
when they had finished they flew on her shoulders and flapped their wings by way of thanks .
however , she was silent , and taking the sieve went down to the well with it .
and she ran back to the kitchen and filled her sieve with ashes .
but the girl kept silence , and the old woman asked her no more questions .
but she got no answer , for the maiden was afraid of bringing trouble on her little friends .
here are the yarns which you washed .
but when she began she found that the skein tangled and broke every moment .
and the girl answered :
but the girl only smiled and did not answer .
she had learned early the value of silence .
go now into the loft above the storehouse and there you will find many caskets .
she lifted up one and looked at it , and then put it down to examine another yet more beautiful .
and the old woman smiled and nodded , and bade her go her way .
then she got up and entered the house .
well , luck was ever against me !
months passed in this manner , when , one day , the mistress called the girl to her .
THE GOLDSMITH'S FORTUNE
but the goldsmith 's wife said nothing .
a third time he shouted :
at last they perceived that they had been cheated somehow by that goldsmith .
and others who were doubtful would jump in , until not one was left .
but do you think he was happy ?
lies never made a man happy yet .
one day the man called to his daughter and bade her come with him into the forest to cut wood .
but the wife answered :
to her surprise , three little doves were sitting on the handle , all of them looking very sad .
then the woman saw that something evil had befallen her , and turned in her rage to her stepdaughter .
her plan was this .
everything fell out exactly as the woman had hoped .
is the pain bad ?
when did it begin ?
and as he spoke he sprang to his feet to go in search of them .
and he hastened down to the water .
wait for me !
then he put the matter from his mind , and kept his thoughts on the duty that lay before him .
at this moment the prince entered with his real wife .
there a farmer found them and asked what was the matter .
then he turned his face to the wall and died .
the young man picked it up , and put it in his pouch and then went towards home again .
when all the rats were killed , the young man left the barn .
in a few minutes the young man stood again by the shores of the lake .
when he was out of sight the young man took the stone from his turban and looked at it .
and on hearing his voice the good woman nearly fell to the ground with astonishment .
at these words the mother thought her son had certainly gone mad , and stared blankly at him .
the young man guessed what was in her heart , and replied with a smile :
and leaving his mother , he went into the country and took the stone from his turban .
oh ! what beautiful stones he laid before her ; what lovely rubies , and what rare pearls !
To-morrow I will return with some jewels yet finer than those I have with me to-day .
no , it would be mean ; she could not do it !
and she was sure it would be !
in another moment she was bending with rapture over the glittering gems .
soon after he had gone a curious thing happened .
at that instant her frightened ladies came running down the stairs , crying :
through this they vanished , and were seen no more .
at the gates he left them , though his wife besought him to allow her to enter .
and without another word he turned and left her .
but nobody had .
so they alighted in some bushes in the heart of the rat city .
what do you want ?
somewhere about him he has hidden a stone , on which are engraved strange signs .
and he went out to give his instructions .
half drowned , and more than half choked , the two faithful servants scrambled back to land again .
so the little fish swam off to the tunny , and again related his story .
and she mounted the falcon 's back , and they flew to their master .
THE STORY OF MANUS
but Iarlaid answered :
so they were married , and rode back with the wife of Iarlaid to her own palace .
and she called the twelve foster brothers and made them vow fealty to herself .
it was late when his foot touched the shore , and took the path towards the forest .
but Manus answered :
and Manus bent the sword thrice across his knee but he could not break it .
so he girded it to his side , and put on the old helmet .
as he fastened the strap his eye fell on a cloth flapping outside the window .
another year went by , and then he took the lion cub and set forth to the land of Lochlann .
and at last the witch let him go , and he followed his brothers to the boat .
the way was further than they thought , and it was morning before they reached the palace .
things went on in this way for some time , and Pinkel every day rose in the royal favour .
their opportunity soon came .
Close around the hut was thick darkness , but what was that bobbing light that streamed across the water ?
and besides this , he was to have a seat on the council .
from this moment the king never closed his eyes at night for longing after this wonderful creature .
that goat I must have !
how was he to do it ?
very soon they both might have been heard snoring , and Pinkel knew that his time was come .
but the snoring still continued , and he went on with his work as quickly as he could .
and the old witch shouted in a rage :
as may be supposed , the brothers were more furious than ever , and grew quite thin with rage .
and at length they remembered the golden cloak .
and she took down a large knife and began to sharpen it .
where are my lantern and my goat ?
and she brandished the knife in the air so that it glittered in the firelight .
I am very hungry , for I have had nothing to eat all day .
suddenly he grew silent and lay still .
I wish that all thieves were as dead as you !
I suppose I must go and search for her .
and she went to the door to watch if there were any signs of her daughter .
but nothing could be seen of her , and heavy rain was falling .
so she took it off her shoulders and hung it carefully up in a cupboard in the room .
after that she put on her clogs and started to seek her daughter .
the witch , who was just entering the forest , turned round at that moment and saw the golden rays .
THE ADVENTURES OF A JACKAL
so they went to the barn , and ate till they could eat no more .
so the panther prowled about until he saw a fine cow grazing apart from the rest of the herd .
at last they were finished , and the jackal arose and stretched himself .
they certainly set off his paws wonderfully , and he stretched out his fore-paws and looked at them with pride .
but when he tried to walk ah ! that was another story !
he had never tried to make his dinner off them , and they had always been quite friendly .
and he bounded away into the forest .
and without more ado he told his story .
the panther , whose manners were always good , thanked the old man , and followed his counsel .
and before the panther had recovered from his surprise he found himself alone .
so the panther thanked him and went his way .
and the jackals sprang up and ran away in all directions , leaving their tails behind them .
and how was the panther to know which was his enemy ?
and other people have lost theirs too ; but that is no matter !
and he walked as fast as his little legs would go to keep up with the jackal .
when they reached the shepherd the jackal pulled out his purse from under his foreleg , and made his bargain .
then he lay down and went to sleep .
the shepherd yawned , and rubbed his eyes .
when they reached the cave the jackal said to the hedgehog :
and he lay down under a rock to wait for him .
and this was very natural , as he had hidden himself in some long grass under a tree !
so he went up to the place where the greyhound had been tethered and untied the rope .
THE ADVENTURES OF THE JACKAL'S ELDEST SON
so the mantle was spread upon the red earth , the hyena and the jackal standing on each side of it .
the hyena wishes to go to the forest , and I to the mountains .
the jackal continued to run till at last he could run no longer .
and he lay down again and slept soundly for a couple of hours .
when they were all in a row before him he gave a sudden start .
and the hedgehog , his heart beating , set off as fast as he could .
but every day he stole out to their hiding-place and had a delicious feast .
at length , one morning , the hedgehog suddenly said :
I can see that he is getting disheartened , and very soon he will give up the search .
and the jackal went to sleep again , for he was obliged to be up early .
THE ADVENTURES OF THE YOUNGER SON OF THE JACKAL
oh ! you don't know what fine things I have heard !
and as he did so he sang lustily .
after that the hot sun ripened them quickly , and soon harvest time was come .
when everything was complete , the jackal said to the sheep :
and the sheep hastened away to fetch one .
very soon she returned , and laid the sack down before him .
anybody will tell you that !
and the jackal called out :
and the jackal , who loved dates , ran instantly back , and tore open the mouth of the sack .
and he began re-arranging the heaps .
and the jackal did not need twice telling !
THE THREE TREASURES OF THE GIANTS
after giving good advice to the two eldest , he turned to Jack .
so saying the old man sank back on his pillows and died .
this reply was so unexpected that for some moments neither of the brothers made any answer .
Jack shouted with delight , but Martin , who was in a bad temper , said sharply :
the door of the castle stood open , and they entered a great hall , and looked about them .
when they would hold no more , Martin said :
then he went after them , and found them lying down to rest in the midst of a forest .
and poor Jack ran weeping into the woods .
this being decided , he sprang up , and set out along the path which led to the castle .
and two giants entered .
at length the first giant spoke :
there he saw an old man , who begged Jack to give him something to eat .
he had hardly uttered the words when fish and meat of all kinds appeared on it !
do you see this cornet ?
in ten minutes they had returned , bearing the table with them .
on the way thither he met another old man , who begged for something to eat .
and placing the table on the ground , he cried :
and passing the table to the old man , he hung the bag over his arm .
but not even a morsel of cheese made its appearance .
at this proof of his power the king 's heart died within him .
so at last Jack 's ambition was satisfied .
but his good example was not followed by his sons and his grandsons .
for some time the kingdom remained , though it became weaker and weaker every year that passed .
THE ROVER OF THE PLAIN
everyone in the house and in the village rejoiced , and the maiden was despatched to her new home .
when all was quiet again the father said to his son :
but the son answered :
and the girl nodded her head obediently .
but the bride said quickly :
why , you know that our life depends on him .
then she would sit at her ease while he went to the lake and brought the bucket back brimming over .
if she wanted wood , he would break the branches off the trees and lay them at her feet .
but then , nobody knew that she had a buffalo for a servant .
I have only one dish in the house .
you will have to steal some beans from the fields .
and when at last his hunger was satisfied , he crept back to his lair .
and they hurried to their homes to tell their tale .
the young man saw him coming with amazement .
and raising his gun , he aimed just behind the ear .
and he ran to the village to tell them that the thief was punished .
but the girl would not listen and sat down and looked on .
then she laid down the buffalo 's head and sat beside it .
when all was still the girl made a fire and boiled some water in a pot .
last of all , she sang in a low voice a dirge over the Rover of the Plain .
as she chanted the final words the head moved , and the limbs came back .
the buffalo began to feel alive again and shook his horns , and stood up and stretched himself .
unluckily it was just at this moment that the husband said to himself :
but it was too late .
the girl entered the hut , where her husband and his mother were getting ready to go out .
however , in spite of their warnings , the girl left the hut in the direction of the lake .
and she set forth in the direction of the mountains .
but you refused all the little girls we offered you , and would have nothing but the buffalo .
then one man , turning , beheld him , and bowed mockingly .
the young man stared , not knowing what he meant , and answered , wonderingly :
we offered you a good and hard-working wife , and you would have none of her .
one by one their burdens were spread upon the ground , and no one had ever seen such lovely things .
who was it brought you back in safety to your home again ?
the queen hastened to the marble tower , and told her daughter of the sad state of the prince .
and she hurried away to tell the king .
in a few days the carriage commanded by the princess was ready .
this went on for several days , till only twelve hours journey lay between them and the palace .
Crisette and her mother looked at each other in surprise and joy .
the carriage stopped at length in the vast hall which Becasigue had prepared for the reception of the princess .
is she not a miracle of beauty and grace ?
this was certainly not what the prince expected to hear .
could the portrait have flattered her ?
besides that her nose was hooked , and her teeth black and ugly .
I am not surprised that he has kept her for fifteen years hidden from the eyes of the world .
but the doe only shook her head ; and the two sat down and wept with fright .
and with these words she vanished , leaving her hearers happier than they ever thought they could be again .
and she flung herself into her friend 's arms in a transport of delight .
panting for breath , she entered their room , and flung herself down on the floor .
yet , instead of turning to fly , something bade her go and look at him unseen .
when he returned , the white doe was gone .
but Eglantine comforted her , and reminded her that in a short time all would be well .
and in this frame of mind he went to bed .
she was still busy with them when a voice behind her said :
and the doe lifted up its fore-foot and laid it on her side .
to this Eglantine answered nothing ; but carefully raising up the doe , she led her slowly to the hut .
then she went back to her kitchen .
so , taking a knife out of his pocket , he began to saw away the woodwork .
ah ! now he knew it was the lady of the portrait !
these words , low though they were spoken , reached Becasigue , who could hardly believe his ears .
the girl took the net and worked so hard that soon there was not a hole to be found .
the girl laughed contemptuously , and ran straight in to her mother .
about an hour later the blowing of a horn told her that dinner was ready .
but the instant it touched her mouth a cold shiver ran through her .
the people on the rocks and in the ships that saw them pass said to each other :
certainly the little new fish had none .
and in a low , trembling voice , the visitor told her story .
and the queen answered :
at the last she sent her father my crown by a faithful servant .
but I warn you to be careful , for if he sees you he may kill you .
therefore I will give you the power to change yourself into any creature that may help you best .
so , turning his horse 's head , he rode slowly back to his palace .
and he scratched his huge head for several minutes , for giants ' minds always move slowly .
and a little later the pink and grey parrot stood before the giant .
but for all that he was not minded to give up the crown .
and in the shape of a parrot she entered the presence of the giant .
the parrot did not need to be told twice .
surely no deer ever ran so swiftly as that one !
here she cried : for the last time :
and the queen started up , and stood on her tail , so excited was she .
then a wonderful thing happened .
but they had been so long away that they found many changes .
and the prince remembered her words , and his heart was filled with happiness .
and the queen , his mother , watched them and smiled .
THE OWL AND THE EAGLE
the eagle looked at the owl and the owl looked at the eagle .
but by-and-by they opened their eyes and saw the two birds watching them .
the children both grew quickly , and were never tired of playing together , or wanted any other companions .
suddenly the young sister , who was a little in front , gave a cry of surprise .
and his mother had to promise him all sorts of nice things before he would go on again .
then she and her sister and the boy walked on , with the great forest looming before them .
she had scarcely done so when the witch turned round .
trembling with rage though she was , she dared not show it , and only laughed hideously .
then the other brought a huge stone and clove in her skull , and she died , groaning terribly .
THE FROG AND THE LION FAIRY
but , low as she spoke , the giantess caught the words , and began to laugh .
but the queen shrank back in horror .
but the giantess shook her head .
if the castle had been gloomy , what did the queen feel about this ?
rather a thousand times that you should fancy me dead than imagine that I had forgotten you !
the crow , furious at his disappointment , flew angrily away .
standing on her hind legs , and bowing low before her , she said gently :
once it is on my head I fear nothing .
and , uttering a strange noise , she struck the ground thrice with her foot .
and turning to the queen , he added :
not that she wants them for herself , but they are sometimes useful to her in punishing her victims .
in a few moments a voice was heard speaking from the box .
this was a very important point , and needed much discussion .
a thousand names were proposed and rejected for a thousand silly reasons .
one was too long , and one was too short .
the frog answered nothing at the time , but stopped her game and hopped away among the cypress trees .
and pricking her arm , she wrote a few words with her blood on the corner of her handkerchief .
then tearing it off , she gave it to the frog , and they bade each other farewell .
as for little Muffette , by the time she was seven her arrows seldom missed their mark .
so , after all , the years of waiting passed more quickly than the queen had dared to hope .
and surely no ambassador had ever created such a sensation !
therefore lose no time in setting in order the affairs of your kingdom and go in search of your wife .
suddenly his eyes fell on the ring , and he understood .
but the fairy answered :
and the king looked , and through the crystal walls he beheld his wife and daughter floating on the quicksilver .
at that sight the Lion Fairy and all her wickedness was forgotten .
flinging off his helmet , he shouted to them with all his might .
the queen knew his voice , and she and Muffette ran to the window and held out their hands .
three years passed by , and the king was no nearer to obtaining his heart 's desire .
now he was almost in despair , and ready to defy everything and throw himself into the lake .
and he sank down on a pile of cushions while his wife and daughter knelt beside him .
at length he was able to tell his tale , and a terrible one it was !
so he had ordered the giant who was his servant to fetch her at once .
but Muffette stood up and thrust them aside .
entering a room where the prince was sitting gazing at the portrait of his betrothed , she cried to him :
Muffette was delivered .
after this they all went back to the palace .
THE ADVENTURES OF COVAN THE BROWN-HAIRED
at length Ardan the eldest spoke and said :
so the mother arose and baked not one cake but two , a big one and a little one .
swiftly he walked swiftly as the wind that blew down the mountain .
and he stretched himself out for a few moments , then rose to his feet again .
but here the girl looked up and answered quickly :
luckily they had not strayed far , and were quietly feeding on the thick green grass .
and his father answered :
and his father answered :
and he went on listening to the music .
very soon the same youth returned , and cried with panting breath :
and he stayed where he was till the music ceased .
Darkness now fell , the wind howled , and torrents of rain poured upon them .
what was he to do ?
and Covan listened thankfully to his words , and at dawn he rose up to seek his cows .
as before , the cows were standing in the spot where he had left them , ready to set out .
and Covan went with him thankfully , and ate and rested , and laid aside three-thirds of his weariness .
then he plunged into the stream , and was seen no more .
the old man looked grave at the words of Covan .
and Covan answered :
and in a moment the black raven was perched on his shoulder .
and Covan answered :
in the deep dark pool of which the old man had spoken the silver-sided salmon was lying under a rock .
and cutting a slender pole from a bush , he fastened a line to the end of it .
you set store by your mother 's blessing , therefore you have been blest .
last of all , difficulties gave you courage , instead of lending you despair .
and , what is worse , they tell me in the village that my father is dead .
and he went his way .
the debtor proved to be an old miser , who lived at the other end of the village .
and without another word he left the hall , leaving Jos staring with surprise and horror .
and he walked slowly to the stables to choose himself a horse .
mechanically he laid his hand on the bridle and led the white horse out of the stable .
he was about to mount on his back , when the animal spoke again :
but Jos hesitated .
and when the loaves lay in crumbs on the road , the horse galloped on .
and soon the little fish was swimming happily away .
but Jos only answered :
and the horse galloped on .
but Jos answered :
and the horse galloped on .
but Jos answered :
and the horse galloped on .
at last they entered the palace gates , and the king 's heart bounded with joy at beholding his beloved Bella-Flor .
and , in despair , the king was driven to take counsel of Jos .
Poor Jos was much troubled at these words .
and Jos mounted at once .
they rode on till they came to the ant-hill , and then the horse asked :
Jos listened in surprise .
but the horse answered :
Jos thanked him , and vaulting on his horse they rode on to the river .
THE BIRD OF TRUTH
the good woman flung up her hands in despair when she beheld the contents of the cradle .
the wife said no more ; and in truth her heart yearned over the little creatures .
matters got worse and worse till , one morning , the eldest boy said to the twins :
the poor children did not answer the insult ; but it made them very unhappy .
so next day they arose as early as the birds and stole downstairs without anybody hearing them .
however , the boy fought down his tears , and said cheerfully :
but here the country swallow drew herself up .
and at that my husband set upon him and threw him out of the nest .
meanwhile the swallows had spoken again .
I asked .
so that even if the prince did succeed in getting there , he could never understand what the owl said .
so he bade them farewell and set out .
To-morrow you shall go .
and the dog arose and shook itself , and set out .
when the witch saw what was happening , she took a broomstick and flew away .
who can guess the delight of the sister at the sight of her brother , bearing the Bird of Truth ?
as soon as he saw this proclamation the boy called his sister , and they hastened to the palace .
the wicked courtiers had their heads cut off , and all their property was taken away .
THE MINK AND THE WOLF
in the big forest in the north of America lived a quantity of wild animals of all sorts .
but their manners were so good that no one would ever have guessed that .
there , just as he had hoped , he saw the chief mink fishing in a canoe .
but the mink said nothing , and pretended not to hear .
and the wolf did as he was bid , and was soon fast asleep .
and with another nod he left her .
he knew very well what that meant ; but he had taken his precautions and was not afraid .
so they brought two canoes and placed them one beside the other .
ADVENTURES OF AN INDIAN BRAVE
but the leader killed most , as he was the best shot .
he stooped to catch it , but it swirled past him .
but by this time it had lost all likeness to a man , and was changed into a piece of wood .
the wood floated on , and the river got bigger and bigger and entered a new country .
but what was her astonishment and disgust when both pot and food vanished instantly before her .
then he set out for his home .
so he went out quickly into the forest and shed tears , and each tear became a bird .
the two went out together , and after walking for about half an hour the old man stopped .
and the son began to climb it .
now a strange thing happened .
and again the young man stretched out his hand ; and the two old women fell to quarrelling afresh .
and with that he left them , and wandered about till he found the herb which he wanted .
but how could he do it ?
then they dragged a basket out of the house , and tied a rope to it .
then they bade him farewell , and he curled himself up in the basket .
down , down , down he went ; would he ever stop going ?
then he flung off the blanket and sprang out , while the basket vanished in the sky .
and , to satisfy him , the woman turned round and perceived her husband .
HOW THE STALOS WERE TRICKED
I thought perhaps it was a wolf , so I stood very still .
behind him followed a great dog , which looked stronger than any wolf , or even a bear .
you did well to hide , or you might never have come back .
at the first glimpse of Patto 's head in the well , he laughed loudly , crying :
this time it is the old ass !
and drawing Patto out of the well , he flung him across his shoulders and carried him home .
his sons were so frightened at the sight that they all ran away .
and in this manner Patto avenged his dead children .
but though Stalo was dead , his three sons were still living , and not very far off either .
the ogress said nothing .
when the brothers returned from their hunting they found both the hut and the sheds empty .
the girl started and looked up , but could see nothing , and in a moment the voice came again .
so Lyma bent over the well lower than before , and seemed busier than ever .
with the first rays of the sun the young Sodno went upstairs and entered the old woman 's room .
and there was another pause .
By-and-by the Sodno asked again :
Andras was quite ready to accept the challenge , and they soon settled the terms of the wager .
so , followed by many of the villagers , the two men walked down to the sea .
dead silence reigned amidst the townsfolk , but Andras only laughed and said carelessly :
and turning his back on his friends , he went sulkily home .
Andras , putting the money he had earned in his pocket , went home also .
then he stopped to take breath and find out what his enemy was doing .
a cold shiver shook Andras , and this time he wished himself the feet of a reindeer calf .
a reindeer calf is the swiftest of all things living .
by this time he had taken his own shape again .
the Stalo grew red and angry when he heard these words , just as Andras meant him to do .
he bounded into the air and fell straight into the river .
stretching himself on the sand , he said slowly to Andras :
then he died ; and Andras sailed in his boat away across the fiord and found the dog and boy .
but what has all this to do with the White Slipper ? my readers will ask .
have patience , and you will see .
the foot only grew worse and worse , and became daily more swollen and painful .
the king was so eager to put it on that he hardly gave the physician time to finish .
then a dreadful thing happened .
while the sailors stood round staring , thinking that his majesty had suddenly gone mad .
seeing her father 's eyes fixed on the stream , Diamantina looked hastily in that direction .
what a sight the river banks presented in those days !
it seemed as if all the people in the country were gathered on them .
go and fetch the youth and bring him to me .
a fortnight seemed to the king a long time to make one slipper .
but he paid no heed , for he had got what he wanted .
but if they had only known what were Gilguerillo 's thoughts they would have thought him madder than ever .
of course he felt quite hopeless .
so , one day , when he expected it least , his reward came to him .
trembling with joy , he picked every scrap he could see , and placed it in his wallet .
then , mounting his horse , he galloped quickly back towards the city .
after that he lay down and slept soundly .
the sun was shining when he awoke , and he jumped up and ran to the pot .
and drawing the flask from his pocket , he poured two or three drops on the wound .
well , Hans could do that ; but what would his wages be ?
while he was looking round the old man said to him :
you must keep these rooms clean , and strew sand on the floor every day .
here is a table where you will always find food and drink , and there is your bed .
if you do ill will befall you .
the key turned easily in the lock .
could anything be more exciting or more useful ?
sure enough the next day the dog was standing at the door waiting to be let in .
when he got there old Kirsten met him at the door .
I should have sold the dog just the same whatever you had told me .
take it to the king 's palace and you 'll get as much as a thousand dollars for it .
Kirsten was wild with joy to think of the money the cow would bring them .
but Peder was safe in the woods , and could not be found .
ride it to market and you will get a thousand dollars for it .
well , in the morning there was the horse ; Kirsten had never seen so fine an animal .
still , the animal was quiet enough , so Peder got safely to market on its back .
at this splendid offer Peder 's prudence gave way ; it was a shame to let so much money go .
so he agreed to accept it .
but he could hardly hold the horse , it became so unmanageable .
so he gave the animal in charge to the old man , and went home with his two thousand dollars .
this time Peder consented , and soon they had quite a fine farm .
just at that moment up came the king .
the king was terribly angry .
now what had happened was this .
but of this , of course , the king knew nothing .
for a long time nobody answered .
the hole was dark and deep , and if it had a bottom no one could see it .
but in a moment he , too , fell down , down , down .
was he going to fall for ever , he wondered !
that evening , whilst they sat drinking their wine , Hans said to the king :
the king , who was still truly grieved for his daughter 's loss , answered quickly :
Hans looked at him steadily for a moment , and then threw off his disguise .
the wedding of Hans and the princess was celebrated with great festivities which lasted a month .
the book includes both by-and-by and by-and-bye .
both forms are preserved as printed .
these are preserved as printed .
punctuation errors have been repaired .
Hyphenation and use of accents has been made consistent within stories .
archaic spelling is preserved as printed .
the following typographic errors have been repaired :
the frontispiece has been moved to follow the title page .
E-text prepared by Juliet Sutherland , Richard J Shiffer , and the Project Gutenberg Online Distributed Proofreading Team
note : Project Gutenberg also has an HTML version of this file which includes the original illustrations .
THE ADVENTURES OF UNC ' BILLY POSSUM
Boston Little , Brown , and Company
UNC ' BILLY POSSUM SENDS FOR HIS FAMILY IV .
SAMMY JAY LEARNS PETER RABBIT'S SECRET VII .
WHY UNC ' BILLY POSSUM DIDN'T GO HOME XVII .
FARMER BROWN'S BOY CHOPS DOWN A TREE XXII .
HAPPY JACK SQUIRREL'S BRIGHT IDEA
REDDY FOX SPRANG UP AS IF SOME ONE HAD STUCK A PIN INTO HIM
SUCH A RUMPUS AS THERE WAS RIGHT AWAY IN THAT HOLLOW TREE !
EXCLAIMED THE OTHERS ALL TOGETHER
HE JUST ATE AND ATE AND ATE UNTIL HE COULDN'T EAT ANOTHER ONE
THERE ALL THE WAY FROM FARMER BROWN'S HEN-HOUSE , WAS A BROAD TRAIL IN THE SMOOTH WHITE SNOW
UNC ' BILLY POSSUM IS CAUGHT
that is , everybody but Reddy Fox said so .
then everybody began to hoot and hiss at Reddy until he was glad enough to slink away .
for once he had been too bold .
Jimmy Skunk had tried to stop him , but he had heeded Jimmy Skunk not at all .
he had reached the hen-house and slipped inside without being seen .
there was no time to run .
REDDY FOX THINKS HE SEES A GHOST
Reddy Fox came down the Lone Little Path through the Green Forest on his way to the Green Meadows .
he had brushed his red coat until it shone .
Reddy was feeling as fine as he looked .
if there is one thing that Reddy Fox dislikes more than another , it is being laughed at .
Reddy chuckled at his thoughts , and what do you think he was thinking about ?
there could be no doubt about it .
he would go over that way , just to have another look at it .
it was Reddy 's turn to grin now .
bill was a scamp , Sir ; Bill was a thief !
bill stole an egg , Sir ; Bill came to grief .
Reddy Fox sprang up as if some one had stuck a pin into him .
then his teeth began to chatter with fright .
Reddy never once looked back .
UNC ' BILLY POSSUM SENDS FOR HIS FAMILY
everybody hastened to pay their respects , that is everybody but Reddy Fox .
Jimmy Skunk grew very thoughtful .
Jimmy thought very hard .
then he had a bright idea .
his two little eyes looked up sharply .
Jimmy scratched his head .
BOBBY COON ENTERS THE WRONG HOUSE
but getting ready to receive his family was different .
no one else could arrange things to suit him .
the more he thought about it , the more he wanted that egg .
there was the most comfortable bed that he had seen for a long time .
he looked this way and he looked that way .
nobody was in sight .
that bed certainly did look soft and comfortable .
Bobby Coon chuckled to himself .
BOBBY COON IS WAKED UP
so he trudged along and sang in a funny , cracked voice .
presently he came to his big hollow tree and started to climb up to the door of his house .
he put one ear against the trunk of the tree and listened .
then he put the other ear against the tree and listened .
there certainly was a funny noise , and it seemed to come from right inside his hollow tree .
but if he couldn't see , he could hear .
the only answer was another snore .
then he put his head in once more .
the only answer was a snore louder than before .
some one who had no business there was in his house !
he didn't know who it was , and he didn't care .
my ! my ! my ! such a rumpus as there was right away in that hollow tree !
Peter Rabbit happened to be coming along that way and heard it .
Peter stopped and gazed at the hollow tree with eyes and mouth wide open .
then Peter saw a big ringed tail hanging out of the doorway .
Peter recognized it right away .
no one possessed a tail like that but Bobby Coon .
in a minute Bobby followed his tail , hastily backing down the tree .
and Bobby Coon sheepishly admitted that he did .
SAMMY JAY LEARNS PETER RABBIT'S SECRET
I 'm Mr Jaybird ; you watch me !
when Peter goes about whispering , it 's a sure sign that he 's got a secret .
he thinks that he can keep it from me , but he can't .
oh , my , no !
Reddy pricked up his sharp little ears .
he found Johnny sitting on his doorstep , watching the world go by .
Johnny Chuck raised his eyebrows and put on the most surprised look .
I wish I could do that .
Drummer the Woodpecker felt very much flattered .
of course he hadn't thought anything of the kind .
FOUR LITTLE SCAMPS PLAN MISCHIEF
Sammy Jay was mightily pleased with himself .
Sammy Jay smacked his lips as he thought of this .
then he looked up at jolly , round , red Mr Sun and winked .
the worst of it is , they are not honest .
they steal whenever they get a chance , and always they try to get others into trouble .
he quite forgot that , despite all his smartness , he never yet had caught Peter Rabbit .
Blacky the Crow scratched his head thoughtfully .
Sammy Jay winked at each of the others .
he cleared his throat and looked all around , to make sure that no one else was near .
the four little scamps shook hands and separated .
as they went across the Green Meadows , Sammy Jay 's voice floated back to the Lone Pine .
PETER RABBIT SENDS OUT WORD
it was a beautiful morning .
everybody said so , and what everybody says is usually so .
Peter Rabbit wore the broadest kind of a smile .
Peter stopped them before they had a chance to run away .
Sammy Jay had risen very early that morning .
then Sammy was sure that this was the day of Peter Rabbit 's party .
Sammy grinned as he hurried off to find Blacky the Crow and Reddy Fox and Shadow the Weasel .
you see , he didn't know that old Mr Toad had overheard all of his plans .
MR . TOAD AND PRICKLY PORKY PUT THEIR HEADS TOGETHER
Prickly Porky turned around .
there sat old Mr Toad .
his big mouth was stretched wide open , and he was laughing all to himself .
something was tickling old Mr Toad mightily .
Prickly Porky scowled , and a few more little spears peeped out of his long coat .
old Mr Toad chuckled deep down in his throat .
old Mr Toad hopped up , and stretching up on tiptoe , whispered in one of Prickly Porky 's ears .
Prickly Porky began to smile .
then he began to chuckle .
finally he laughed until he had to hold his sides .
Shadow peeped out .
Shadow looked .
then he began to laugh , and Reddy began to laugh , too .
it was a funny sight they were peeping out at .
it certainly was a funny sight .
right at the top of a little hill the cabbage got away from them .
down it started , rolling and bounding along , with Peter Rabbit and Jumper the Hare frantically trying to catch it .
he didn't see the big cabbage coming .
it knocked his feet from under him , and down he went with a thump , flat on his back .
over the two of them fell Peter Rabbit .
such a mix-up !
and the big cabbage kept right on running away .
Jimmy Skunk , who never hurries , heard the noise behind him and turned to see what it all meant .
down went Jimmy Skunk with a grunt .
one big egg flew over against a tree and broke .
Jimmy landed on the other , and this broke , too .
such a sight as Jimmy Skunk was !
Egg dripped from every part of his handsome black and white coat .
it was in his eyes and all over his face and dripped from his whiskers .
Prickly Porky the Porcupine heard the noise .
he looked up to see a strange thing bounding down the Lone Little Path .
Prickly Porky didn't wait to see what it was .
the runaway cabbage bounced off the stump and hit Prickly Porky .
then it stopped .
REDDY FOX GOES HUNGRY
every one thought it was the very best joke ever .
Jimmy Skunk had gone off to take a bath and get two more eggs for Peter Rabbit 's party .
Shadow smacked his lips .
he meant to have those eggs himself .
Reddy Fox was getting impatient .
he was hungry .
it seemed as if his stomach would just give him no peace at all .
Just then they noticed that Peter Rabbit was very busy .
suddenly the light at the end of the hollow log disappeared .
there was a queer rattling sound that sent shivers up and down Reddy 's backbone .
Reddy Fox and Shadow the Weasel were in a prison .
you see there was no other opening to the hollow log .
Blacky the Crow , hidden in the top of the tall pine , was also wondering what Peter was whispering .
now , Sammy Jay knew nothing about all this .
now , Sammy , with all his faults , is one of the best watchmen in the Green Forest .
because Sammy knew this he felt sure of breaking up this party .
still no one moved .
Sammy stopped on a tall pine and pretended to be terribly excited .
what do you think happened then ?
why , everybody set up a great shout .
PRICKLY PORKY MAKES HIMSELF AT HOME
Peter Rabbit 's party promised to be a great success .
Prickly Porky settled himself very comfortably and began to tell stories about his home , way up in the North Woods .
worse still , he was so hungry that he could cry .
shadow the Weasel felt just as uncomfortable as Reddy Fox , and Shadow is very short-tempered .
every time Reddy moved and squeezed Shadow , Shadow would snap at him .
he certainly was enjoying himself .
UNC ' BILLY POSSUM GROWS HUNGRY
and all the time he would be saying :
he was so fat that he could hardly waddle when Jack Frost first came to the Green Forest .
now Johnny Chuck just slept and slept and slept , without waking once the whole winter long .
but he didn't enjoy it much .
it made his feet cold , and then he didn't like the tracks he made .
he was beginning to grow thin now , and of course he was getting hungry .
Jimmy Skunk looked up .
Jimmy winked one eye .
OLD MRS POSSUM GROWS WORRIED
they were all there .
just as soon as the beautiful spring came , they would one by one slip away .
Mrs Possum sighed again .
she didn't like winter .
no , Sir , she didn't like winter one bit .
sure that her babies were warm and comfortable , old Mrs Possum went to the door and looked out .
it was plain to be seen that Mrs Possum was worried .
that was the tenth time she had looked out in half an hour .
her sharp little old face looked sharper than ever .
it was Sammy Jay , shrieking :
Sammy 's temper flared up right away .
old Mrs Possum sat down with her head in her hands .
she was more worried than ever .
THE FOOLISHNESS OF UNC ' BILLY POSSUM
but all those things did happen .
he knew well enough where Jimmy had found those eggs .
he could see the rows of nests and the beautiful brown eggs in them .
he hadn't been there , and he couldn't go now , because it was daylight .
it made him more and more uneasy and fidgety .
old Mrs Possum couldn't stand it .
but just the same he couldn't think of anything else .
he had got to have it .
that is all there was about it .
old Mrs Possum looked after him suspiciously .
he was on his way to Farmer Brown 's hen-house .
WHY UNC ' BILLY POSSUM DIDN'T GO HOME
even old Mrs Possum would have thought it was a good reason , could she have known it .
he forgot to keep his tail up .
there were eggs , plenty of them .
he just ate and ate and ate until he couldn't eat another one .
now a full stomach is very apt to make a sleepy head .
no , Sir , he didn't do it .
it hadn't been used for a long time , but it was full of nice , soft hay .
he didn't open them again until he heard an angry voice right close to him .
he peeped out .
Farmer Brown 's boy was angry .
then he snuggled down out of sight under the hay of the nest .
UNC ' BILLY POSSUM LIES LOW
Farmer Brown 's boy was angry .
yes , Sir , he was angry .
there was no doubt about that .
oh , dear ! oh , dear !
why hadn't he gone right straight back there , after eating those eggs , instead of taking a nap ?
but he hadn't .
he had dragged it in the snow , and of course it had left a mark .
he moved all the boxes and looked in the grain bin .
then he began to look in the nests .
UNC ' BILLY POSSUM IS A PRISONER
ah wish Ah 's there , but here Ah be It 's a long way home !
and , anyway , he wanted to see just what Farmer Brown 's boy was doing .
what do you think he was doing ?
he was setting traps .
yes , Sir , he almost chuckled aloud .
Ha , ha , ha !
he had just thought of something , and it wasn't funny at all .
WHAT THE SNOW DID
it was delightfully warm and cosy .
nothing but the best , the very best , would do for him .
at last one day it began to snow .
it snowed all day and it snowed all night .
it covered the traps so deep that they couldn't possibly catch any one .
UNC ' BILLY POSSUM WISHES HE HAD SNOWSHOES
but it was slow , hard work .
now it never does to let one 's wits go to sleep .
some folks call it forgetting , but forgetting is nothing but sleepy wits .
and sleepy wits get more people into trouble than anything else in the world .
if they hadn't been , he would have remembered this little saying :
what did he forget ?
oh , dear !
his wits were all wide awake now .
it wouldn't do to go back .
FARMER BROWN'S BOY CHOPS DOWN A TREE
they flew out on the white snow in all directions .
he had tracked that Possum right up to that tree , and there were no tracks going away from it .
he couldn't very well have helped it , those tracks were so very plain to be seen .
the snow was so deep that he could hardly wade through it .
of course it wasn't his own hollow tree , where old Mrs Possum and the eight little Possums lived .
so he had been very thankful to climb up this hollow tree .
and , just as he had feared , there was Farmer Brown 's boy .
chop , chop , chop !
the snow was covered with chips now .
chop , chop , chop !
the tree began to shiver and then to shake .
but he didn't run out .
Farmer Brown 's boy rapped on the tree with the handle of his axe , but no one ran out .
and as he chopped , he began to sing again .
pretty soon he had split the tree wide open .
Farmer Brown 's boy rubbed his eyes and stared and stared and stared .
did that Possum have wings ?
WHERE UNC ' BILLY POSSUM WAS
that is what Farmer Brown 's boy wanted to know .
HAPPY JACK SQUIRREL MAKES AN UNEXPECTED CALL
happy Jack Squirrel likes the snow .
he always has liked the snow .
it makes him feel frisky .
his beautiful , great gray tail would be arched up over his back .
Farmer Brown 's boy called it barking , but it was Happy Jack 's way of shouting .
I love to play !
I 'm happy , happy , all the day !
I love the snow , so soft and white !
I love the sun that shines so bright !
he scampered over to another hollow tree standing near .
happy Jack was so surprised that he didn't know what to do for a second .
happy Jack was so frightened that he scrambled out as fast as he could .
HAPPY JACK SQUIRREL HELPS UNC ' BILLY POSSUM
it is enough to make any one lose his temper .
happy Jack Squirrel lost his .
it is enough to make any one lose his temper .
it really was very dreadful the way those two did talk .
finally they had to stop for breath .
happy Jack put his head on one side and thought very hard .
happy Jack laughed .
HAPPY JACK SQUIRREL'S BRIGHT IDEA
he found old Mrs Possum very much worried and very much out of sorts .
he knew perfectly well that old Mrs Possum didn't mean what she said .
that might be a very long time , for there was a great deal of snow on the ground .
what do you suppose gave Happy Jack his idea ?
yes , Sir , it was that tiny little snowflake that gave Happy Jack Squirrel his bright idea .
the sky was full of dancing snowflakes .
they got in his eyes and clung to his whiskers .
happy Jack laughed .
it 's going to snow all night , and in the morning there won't be any tracks .
but he isn't the only one who has found this out .
he will tell you the very same thing .
TO THE HESITATING PURCHASER
THE OLD SEA-DOG AT THE ADMIRAL BENBOW @number@ @number@
PART TWO The Sea Cook
PART THREE My Shore Adventure
PART FOUR The Stockade
PART FIVE My Sea Adventure
PART SIX Captain Silver
he was a very silent man by custom .
the great sea-chest none of us had ever seen open .
suddenly he the captain , that is began to pipe up his eternal song :
the old fellow 's fury was awful .
Black Dog Appears and Disappears
he was not sailorly , and yet he had a smack of the sea about him too .
I paused where I was , with my napkin in my hand .
ah , well !
I told you .
I told him he was out walking .
but the great thing for boys is discipline , sonny discipline .
the captain made a sort of gasp .
he bade me go and leave the door wide open .
you may see the notch on the lower side of the frame to this day .
that blow was the last of the battle .
the captain , for his part , stood staring at the signboard like a bewildered man .
then he passed his hand over his eyes several times and at last turned back into the house .
at the same instant my mother , alarmed by the cries and fighting , came running downstairs to help me .
between us we raised his head .
it was tattooed in several places .
a great deal of blood was taken before the captain opened his eyes and looked mistily about him .
come , now , make an effort .
and with that he went off to see my father , taking me with him by the arm .
ABOUT noon I stopped at the captain 's door with some cooling drinks and medicines .
that doctor 's a fool , I tell you .
your doctor hisself said one glass wouldn't hurt me .
when I brought it to him , he seized it greedily and drank it out .
I can't do that ; they 'd have the black spot on me by then .
but I 'm a saving soul .
he paused when he had got into a sitting position on the edge .
I asked .
I asked .
I 'll tell you if they get that .
what I should have done had all gone well I do not know .
but with all that , he minded people less and seemed shut up in his own thoughts and rather wandering .
I never saw in my life a more dreadful-looking figure .
the captain is not what he used to be .
he sits with a drawn cutlass .
the expression of his face was not so much of terror as of mortal sickness .
business is business .
hold out your left hand .
I ran to him at once , calling to my mother .
the captain had been struck dead by thundering apoplexy .
Bare-headed as we were , we ran out at once in the gathering evening and the frosty fog .
for that matter , anyone who was a comrade of the captain 's was enough to frighten them to death .
we 'll have that chest open , if we die for it .
my heart was beating finely when we two set forth in the cold night upon this dangerous venture .
I went down on my knees at once .
on the floor close to his hand there was a little round of paper , blackened on the one side .
this sudden noise startled us shockingly ; but the news was good , for it was only six .
I felt in his pockets , one after another .
they had never been worn , my mother said .
that was enough , and more than enough , for both of us .
we had not started a moment too soon .
this was certainly the end for both of us , I thought .
so there we had to stay my mother almost entirely exposed and both of us within earshot of the inn .
the next moment his voice showed me that I was right .
but the pause was brief , for the blind man again issued his commands .
his voice sounded louder and higher , as if he were afire with eagerness and rage .
but the blind man swore at them again for their delay .
the blind man cursed the money .
they must be close by ; they can't be far ; you have your hands on it .
Scatter and look for them , dogs !
and I 'm to lose my chance for you !
he fell on his side , then gently collapsed upon his face and moved no more .
I leaped to my feet and hailed the riders .
Pew was dead , stone dead .
he hailed her .
they 've got off clean , and there 's an end .
Mr Dance could make nothing of the scene .
I thanked him heartily for the offer , and we walked back to the hamlet where the horses were .
by the time I had told mother of my purpose they were all in the saddle .
the Captain 's Papers
WE rode hard all the way till we drew up before Dr Livesey 's door .
the house was all dark to the front .
Mr Dance told me to jump down and knock , and Dogger gave me a stirrup to descend by .
the door was opened almost at once by the maid .
I asked .
I had never seen the squire so near at hand .
at last Mr Dance finished the story .
Hawkins , will you ring that bell ?
he was the bloodthirstiest buccaneer that sailed .
Blackbeard was a child to Flint .
the next ten or twelve pages were filled with a curious series of entries .
these crosses stand for the names of ships or towns that they sank or plundered .
over on the back the same hand had written this further information :
tomorrow I start for Bristol .
Hawkins shall come as cabin-boy .
you 'll make a famous cabin-boy , Hawkins .
we 'll take Redruth , Joyce , and Hunter .
we are not the only men who know of this paper .
PART TWO The Sea-cook
I brooded by the hour together over the map , all the details of which I well remembered .
the ship is bought and fitted .
I got her through my old friend , Blandly , who has proved himself throughout the most surprising trump .
blandly himself found the HISPANIOLA , and by the most admirable management got her for the merest trifle .
there is a class of men in Bristol monstrously prejudiced against Blandly .
none of them dare , however , to deny the merits of the ship .
so far there was not a hitch .
it was the crew that troubled me .
I was standing on the dock , when , by the merest accident , I fell in talk with him .
he had hobbled down there that morning , he said , to get a smell of the salt .
he has no pension , Livesey .
imagine the abominable age we live in !
I declare we could fight a frigate .
Long John even got rid of two out of the six or seven I had already engaged .
Seaward , ho !
hang the treasure !
it 's the glory of the sea that has turned my head .
Long John Silver unearthed a very competent man for a mate , a man named Arrow .
Hawkins may stay one night with his mother .
nobody but old Redruth would have dared so much as even to grumble .
it was on seeing that boy that I understood , for the first time , my situation .
the mail picked us up about dusk at the Royal George on the heath .
I asked .
the smell of tar and salt was something new .
I saw the most wonderful figureheads , that had all been far over the ocean .
it was a bright enough little place of entertainment .
the sign was newly painted ; the windows had neat red curtains ; the floor was cleanly sanded .
but one look at the man before me was enough .
I asked , holding out the note .
and he took my hand in his large firm grasp .
Just then one of the customers at the far side rose suddenly and made for the door .
it was close by him , and he was out in the street in a moment .
it was the tallow-faced man , wanting two fingers , who had come first to the Admiral Benbow .
Ben , run and help Harry .
that were his name for certain .
my suspicions had been thoroughly reawakened on finding Black Dog at the Spy-glass , and I watched the cook narrowly .
here I have this confounded son of a Dutchman sitting in my own house drinking of my own rum !
now , Hawkins , you do me justice with the cap'n .
you 're a lad , you are , but you 're as smart as paint .
I see that when you first come in .
and falling on a bench , he laughed until the tears ran down his cheeks .
this won't do .
Dooty is dooty , messmates .
I began to see that here was one of the best of possible shipmates .
the captain , who was close behind his messenger , entered at once and shut the door behind him .
I don't like this cruise ; I don't like the men ; and I don't like my officer .
you don't , you say , like this cruise .
but now I find that every man before the mast knows more than I do .
next , you say you don't like the crew .
they are putting the powder and the arms in the fore hold .
but I am responsible for the ship 's safety and the life of every man Jack aboard of her .
I see things going , as I think , not quite right .
and I ask you to take certain precautions or let me resign my berth .
you 'll excuse me , I dare say , but you remind me of that fable .
when I came in here I meant to get discharged .
as it is , I have heard you .
and then the whole crew bore chorus :
I am not going to relate that voyage in detail .
it was fairly prosperous .
he had no command among the men , and people did what they pleased with him .
time after time he was ordered below in disgrace .
in the meantime , we could never make out where he got the drink .
that was the ship 's mystery .
still more strange was it to see him in the heaviest of weather cross the deck .
yet some of the men who had sailed with him before expressed their pity to see him so reduced .
all the crew respected and even obeyed him .
he had a way of talking to each and doing everybody some particular service .
sit you down and hear the news .
she 's sailed with England , the great Cap'n England , the pirate .
she 's been at Madagascar , and at Malabar , and Surinam , and Providence , and Portobello .
in the meantime , the squire and Captain Smollett were still on pretty distant terms with one another .
the squire made no bones about the matter ; he despised the captain .
the squire , at this , would turn away and march up and down the deck , chin in air .
we had some heavy weather , which only proved the qualities of the HISPANIOLA .
this was how it came about .
we were heading S.S.W. and had a steady breeze abeam and a quiet sea .
I ran on deck .
the watch was all forward looking out for the island .
the same broadside I lost my leg , old Pew lost his deadlights .
where 's all England 's men now ?
I dunno .
where 's Flint 's ?
where is he now ?
I think , if I had been able , that I would have killed him through the barrel .
now , the most goes for rum and a good fling , and to sea again in their shirts .
but that 's not the course I lay .
time enough too , says you .
and how did I begin ?
by this time I had begun to understand the meaning of their terms .
and he turned his quid and spat .
no more do you , says you .
then we 'll see .
but I know the sort you are .
but you 're never happy till you 're drunk .
you hear me ?
I know you .
flint was , and he died of rum at Savannah .
that would have been England 's way .
Dooty is dooty , mates .
I give my vote death .
you may fancy the terror I was in !
don't you get sucking of that bilge , John .
hence there were still faithful men on board .
THERE was a great rush of feet across the deck .
there all hands were already congregated .
and then I heard the voice of Captain Smollett issuing orders .
who might have done that , I wonder ?
why , it makes me young again .
I was going to forget my timber leg , I was .
it 's a pleasant thing to be young and have ten toes , and you may lay to that .
and with that he turned on his heel and rejoined the other two .
this land that we have sighted is the place we have been sailing for .
and this also was given with a will .
if I gave the word to go about , they would rise at once .
second point , we have time before us at least until this treasure 's found .
third point , there are faithful hands .
it 's trying on a man , I know .
it would be pleasanter to come to blows .
but there 's no help for it till we know our men .
PART THREE My Shore Adventure
Grey-coloured woods covered a large part of the surface .
the hills ran up clear above the vegetation in spires of naked rock .
I volunteered for one of the boats , where I had , of course , no business .
the heat was sweltering , and the men grumbled fiercely over their work .
the bottom was clean sand .
a peculiar stagnant smell hung over the anchorage a smell of sodden leaves and rotting tree trunks .
I observed the doctor sniffing and sniffing , like someone tasting a bad egg .
they lay about the deck growling together in talk .
even the honest hands must have caught the infection , for there was not one man aboard to mend another .
mutiny , it was plain , hung over us like a thunder-cloud .
he fairly outstripped himself in willingness and civility ; he was all smiles to everyone .
we held a council in the cabin .
you see , sir , here it is .
let's allow the men an afternoon ashore .
if they all go , why we 'll fight the ship .
the captain was too bright to be in the way .
it was as plain as day .
silver was the captain , and a mighty rebellious crew he had of it .
at last , however , the party was made up .
six fellows were to stay on board , and the remaining thirteen , including Silver , began to embark .
it occurred to me at once to go ashore .
I heard him shouting .
I now felt for the first time the joy of exploration .
Little did I suppose that he was a deadly enemy and that the noise was the famous rattle .
the marsh was steaming in the strong sun , and the outline of the Spy-glass trembled through the haze .
the sun beat full upon them .
and then all of a sudden he was interrupted by a noise .
and at this point Tom flashed out like a hero .
if I die like a dog , I 'll die in my dooty .
you 've killed Alan , have you ?
kill me too , if you can .
but he was not destined to go far .
his hands flew up , he gave a sort of gasp , and fell .
like enough , to judge from the sound , his back was broken on the spot .
but he had no time given him to recover .
I could not tell , of course , the meaning of the signal , but it instantly awoke my fears .
more men would be coming .
I might be discovered .
it was all over , I thought .
there was nothing left for me but death by starvation or death by the hands of the mutineers .
and here a fresh alarm brought me to a standstill with a thumping heart .
but the terror of this new apparition brought me to a stand .
I began to recall what I had heard of cannibals .
I was within an ace of calling for help .
I asked .
I could now see that he was a white man like myself and that his features were even pleasing .
of all the beggar-men that I had seen or fancied , he was the chief for raggedness .
I cried .
you mightn't happen to have a piece of cheese about you , now ?
but at my last words he perked up into a kind of startled slyness .
but it were Providence that put me here .
and I 'll tell you what : I 'll make a man of you , Jim .
at this I had a happy inspiration .
I began to believe that I had found an ally , and I answered him at once .
I asked .
well , you just put your trust in Ben Gunn Ben Gunn 's the man to do it .
and he seemed very much relieved .
the sun was getting up , and mortal white he looked about the cutwater .
it was battle , murder , and sudden death , leastways him against six .
that 's what he said .
the cap'n was displeased at that , but my messmates were all of a mind and landed .
but now , you look here ; look at me .
do I look like a man before the mast ?
and with that he winked and pinched me hard .
and he pinched me again in the most confidential manner .
well , there 's my boat , that I made with my two hands .
I keep her under the white rock .
I cried .
Theer 's where I killed my first goat .
the cannon-shot was followed after a considerable interval by a volley of small arms .
PART FOUR The Stockade
the captain , the squire , and I were talking matters over in the cabin .
it never occurred to us to doubt Jim Hawkins , but we were alarmed for his safety .
we ran on deck .
I had not gone a hundred yards when I reached the stockade .
this was how it was : a spring of clear water rose almost at the top of a knoll .
what particularly took my fancy was the spring .
it is something to have been an old soldier , but more still to have been a doctor .
there is no time to dilly-dally in our work .
by good fortune Hunter pulled a good oar .
and one of the six forecastle hands was little better .
I told my plan to the captain , and between us we settled on the details of its accomplishment .
we had soon touched land in the same place as before and set to provision the block house .
that we should have risked a second boat load seems more daring than it really was .
they had the advantage of numbers , of course , but we had the advantage of arms .
the squire was waiting for me at the stern window , all his faintness gone from him .
he caught the painter and made it fast , and we fell to loading the boat for our very lives .
by this time the tide was beginning to ebb , and the ship was swinging round to her anchor .
there was no answer from the forecastle .
still no reply .
there was a pause .
Narrative Continued by the Doctor : the Jolly-boat 's Last Trip
in the first place , the little gallipot of a boat that we were in was gravely overloaded .
add to that the powder , pork , and bread-bags .
the gunwale was lipping astern .
the captain made us trim the boat , and we got her to lie a little more evenly .
all the same , we were afraid to breathe .
I was steering , while he and Redruth , two fresh men , were at the oars .
suddenly the captain spoke up again , and I thought his voice was a little changed .
Trelawney was as cool as steel .
he looked to the priming of his gun .
my lady 's maid couldn't miss .
the gig was no longer to be feared ; the little point had already concealed it from our eyes .
the ebb-tide , which had so cruelly delayed us , was now making reparation and delaying our assailants .
the one source of danger was the gun .
but it was plain that they meant nothing should delay their shot .
and he and Redruth backed with a great heave that sent her stern bodily under water .
the report fell in at the same instant of time .
this was the first that Jim heard , the sound of the squire 's shot not having reached him .
so far there was no great harm .
no lives were lost , and we could wade ashore in safety .
Mine I had snatched from my knees and held over my head , by a sort of instinct .
the other three had gone down with the boat .
Narrative Continued by the Doctor : End of the First Day 's Fighting
I began to see we should have a brush for it in earnest and looked to my priming .
at the same time , observing Gray to be unarmed , I handed him my cutlass .
it was plain from every line of his body that our new hand was worth his salt .
then we reloaded and turned our attention to poor Tom .
the squire dropped down beside him on his knees and kissed his hand , crying like a child .
after a little while of silence , he said he thought somebody might read a prayer .
then , climbing on the roof , he had with his own hand bent and run up the colours .
this seemed mightily to relieve him .
he re-entered the log-house and set about counting up the stores as if nothing else existed .
then he pulled me aside .
I asked .
and he pointed to the dead body under the flag .
it must be the flag they are aiming at .
Gray and Hunter were the first to come forward .
well armed , they stole out of the stockade , but it proved a useless mission .
and at the same time , I was wondering over poor Jim Hawkins ' fate .
Narrative Resumed by Jim Hawkins : the Garrison in the Stockade
no , that 's your friends .
ah , he was the man to have a headpiece , was Flint !
barring rum , his match were never seen .
now , Ben Gunn is fly .
and he pinched me the third time with the same air of cleverness .
wild horses wouldn't draw it from you ?
the next moment each of us had taken to his heels in a different direction .
for a good hour to come frequent reports shook the island , and balls kept crashing through the woods .
it was the last of the cannonade .
I lay for some time watching the bustle which succeeded the attack .
men were demolishing something with axes on the beach near the stockade the poor jolly-boat , I afterwards discovered .
but there was a sound in their voices which suggested rum .
at length I thought I might return towards the stockade .
I had soon told my story and began to look about me .
all hands were called up before him , and he divided us into watches .
the doctor and Gray and I for one ; the squire , Hunter , and Joyce upon the other .
then he put his head on one side , and looked at me .
it doesn't lie in human nature .
you 've seen my snuff-box , haven't you ?
and besides that , we had two able allies rum and the climate .
the sky was bright and cloudless overhead , and the tops of the trees shone rosily in the sun .
the chill and the vapour taken together told a poor tale of the island .
it was plainly a damp , feverish , unhealthy spot .
then he hailed the buccaneer .
and then he turned again to the mutineers .
this time it was the other man who replied .
don't know him .
if you wish to talk to me , you can come , that 's all .
nor was that wonderful , seeing how cavalier had been the captain 's answer .
silver had terrible hard work getting up the knoll .
it 's your own doing .
ah , there 's Jim !
doctor , here 's my service .
well now , you look here , that was a good lay of yours last night .
I don't deny it was a good lay .
but you mark me , cap'n , it won't do twice , by thunder !
we 'll have to do sentry-go and ease off a point or so on the rum .
as for me , I began to have an inkling .
Ben Gunn 's last words came back to my mind .
what I mean is , we want your chart .
and the captain looked at him calmly and proceeded to fill a pipe .
this little whiff of temper seemed to cool Silver down .
he had been growing nettled before , but now he pulled himself together .
it was as good as the play to see them .
you do that , and we 'll offer you a choice .
captain Smollett rose from his seat and knocked out the ashes of his pipe in the palm of his left hand .
you can't find the treasure .
tramp , my lad .
silver 's face was a picture ; his eyes started in his head with wrath .
he shook the fire out of his pipe .
not a man among us moved .
then he spat into the spring .
laugh , by thunder , laugh !
before an hour 's out , ye 'll laugh upon the other side .
it was the first time we had ever seen him angry .
Mr Trelawney , I 'm surprised at you , sir .
doctor , I thought you had worn the king 's coat !
the captain looked on for a while in silence .
then he spoke .
then he went the rounds and saw , as he said , that all was clear .
in the middle , the cutlasses lay ranged .
Hunter , take the east side , there .
Joyce , you stand by the west , my man .
as the captain had said , the chill was past .
soon the sand was baking and the resin melting in the logs of the block house .
an hour passed away .
so some seconds passed , till suddenly Joyce whipped up his musket and fired .
not a bough waved , not the gleam of a musket-barrel betrayed the presence of our foes .
but this was not so easily answered .
from the east and west only a single shot had been fired .
but Captain Smollett made no change in his arrangements .
the boarders swarmed over the fence like monkeys .
in a moment , the four pirates had swarmed up the mound and were upon us .
the head of Job Anderson , the boatswain , appeared at the middle loophole .
our position was utterly reversed .
the log-house was full of smoke , to which we owed our comparative safety .
cries and confusion , the flashes and reports of pistol-shots , and one loud groan rang in my ears .
I dashed out of the door into the clear sunlight .
he roared aloud , and his hanger went up above his head , flashing in the sunlight .
the doctor and Gray and I ran full speed for shelter .
that 's better odds than we had at starting .
PART FIVE My Sea Adventure
THERE was no return of the mutineers not so much as another shot out of the woods .
as for the captain , his wounds were grievous indeed , but not dangerous .
no organ was fatally injured .
my own accidental cut across the knuckles was a flea-bite .
doctor Livesey patched it up with plaster and pulled my ears for me into the bargain .
as for the scheme I had in my head , it was not a bad one in itself .
but I was only a boy , and I had made my mind up .
well , as things at last fell out , I found an admirable opportunity .
I have never seen the sea quiet round Treasure Island .
I saw I must lose no time if I were to find the boat that evening .
night had almost come when I laid my hand on its rough sides .
down I sat to wait for darkness , and made a hearty meal of biscuit .
it was a night out of ten thousand for my purpose .
the fog had now buried all heaven .
as the last rays of daylight dwindled and disappeared , absolute blackness settled down on Treasure Island .
certainly I did not know her way .
the hawser was as taut as a bowstring , and the current so strong she pulled upon her anchor .
now , however , when I had nothing else to do , I began to pay more heed .
one I recognized for the coxswain 's , Israel Hands , that had been Flint 's gunner in former days .
the other was , of course , my friend of the red night-cap .
but they were not only tipsy ; it was plain that they were furiously angry .
instantly I grasped it .
why I should have done so I can hardly say .
at the same moment , she yawed sharply and seemed to change her course .
the speed in the meantime had strangely increased .
I opened my eyes at once .
I glanced over my shoulder , and my heart jumped against my ribs .
I lay down flat in the bottom of that wretched skiff and devoutly recommended my spirit to its Maker .
IT was broad day when I awoke and found myself tossing at the south-west end of Treasure Island .
that notion was soon given over .
in the meantime I had a better chance , as I supposed , before me .
there was a great , smooth swell upon the sea .
I began after a little to grow very bold and sat up to try my skill at paddling .
I began to be horribly frightened , but I kept my head , for all that .
I was , indeed , close in .
it was high time , for I now began to be tortured with thirst .
again and again was this repeated .
it became plain to me that nobody was steering .
the current was bearing coracle and schooner southward at an equal rate .
if only I dared to sit up and paddle , I made sure that I could overhaul her .
I could not choose but suppose she was deserted .
for some time she had been doing the worse thing possible for me standing still .
but now , at last , I had my chance .
the main-sail hung drooped like a banner .
she was stock-still but for the current .
my first impulse was one of despair , but my second was towards joy .
I could see the waves boiling white under her forefoot .
immensely tall she looked to me from my low station in the coracle .
I had scarce time to think scarce time to act and save myself .
I was on the summit of one swell when the schooner came stooping over the next .
the bowsprit was over my head .
I sprang to my feet and leaped , stamping the coracle under water .
not a soul was to be seen .
suddenly the HISPANIOLA came right into the wind .
but when I remembered the talk I had overheard from the apple barrel , all pity left me .
I walked aft until I reached the main-mast .
the bulkheads , all painted in clear white and beaded round with gilt , bore a pattern of dirty hands .
dozens of empty bottles clinked together in corners to the rolling of the ship .
in the midst of all this the lamp still cast a smoky glow , obscure and brown as umber .
he must have drunk a gill before he took the bottle from his mouth .
I had sat down already in my own corner and begun to eat .
I asked him .
he grunted , or rather , I might say , he barked .
he looked at me sourly enough but said nothing .
and I went back to my meal with a good appetite .
I 'd help you sail her up to Execution Dock , by thunder !
we struck our bargain on the spot .
the breeze served us admirably .
THE wind , serving us to a desire , now hauled into the west .
I 'll chance it with the sperrits , Jim .
the whole story was a pretext .
this was all that I required to know .
while I was thus turning the business over in my mind , I had not been idle with my body .
ah , Jim , Jim , I reckon I 've missed stays !
I cried .
he , for his part , took a great draught of the wine and spoke with the most unusual solemnity .
the tide 's made good enough by now .
it was a sad sight , but it showed us that the anchorage was calm .
at the same instant , he threw himself forward and I leapt sideways towards the bows .
I cursed myself for my neglect .
then , with a pistol in either hand , I addressed him .
he stopped instantly .
a fish or two whipped past his body .
I was no sooner certain of this than I began to feel sick , faint , and terrified .
the hot blood was running over my back and chest .
I was now alone upon the ship ; the tide had just turned .
I began to see a danger to the ship .
at last I got my knife and cut the halyards .
I scrambled forward and looked over .
suddenly a kind of brightness fell about me .
for the life of me I could not think what it might be .
at last I came right down upon the borders of the clearing .
there was not a soul stirring nor a sound beside the noises of the breeze .
in the meantime , there was no doubt of one thing ; they kept an infamous bad watch .
by this time I had got to the door and stood up .
silver 's green parrot , Captain Flint !
and one of the men left the log-house and presently returned with a lighted brand .
PART SIX Captain Silver
there were six of the buccaneers , all told ; not another man was left alive .
the parrot sat , preening her plumage , on Long John 's shoulder .
dropped in , like , eh ?
to all this , as may be well supposed , I made no answer .
I asked with a very tremulous voice .
take your bearings .
well , maybe we 'd been taking a glass , and a song to help it round .
I won't say no .
Leastways , none of us had looked out .
we looked out , and by thunder , the old ship was gone !
he drew again quietly at his pipe .
I asked .
I 've seen too many die since I fell in with you .
it is for you to choose .
and he sprang up , drawing his knife as if he had been twenty .
Morgan paused , but a hoarse murmur rose from the others .
well , I 'm ready .
not a man stirred ; not a man answered .
not much worth to fight , you ain't .
P'r'aps you can understand King George 's English .
I 'm cap'n here because I 'm the best man by a long sea-mile .
there was a long pause after this .
the sea-cook instantly removed his pipe .
they 're going to throw me off .
I says to myself , you stand by Hawkins , John , and Hawkins 'll stand by you .
you 're his last card , and by the living thunder , John , he 's yours !
I began dimly to understand .
I asked .
as for that lot and their council , mark me , they 're outright fools and cowards .
I know you 've got that ship safe somewheres .
I guess Hands and O'Brien turned soft .
now you mark me .
he drew some cognac from the cask into a tin cannikin .
my face expressed a wonder so unaffected that he saw the needlessness of further questions .
the Black Spot Again
Silver briefly agreed , and this emissary retired again , leaving us together in the dark .
the rest were all somewhat stooping , as though watching the manoeuvres of this last .
the door opened , and the five men , standing huddled together just inside , pushed one of their number forward .
hand it over , lubber .
the sea-cook looked at what had been given him .
why , hillo !
look here , now ; this ain't lucky !
you 've gone and cut this out of a Bible .
Wot did I say ?
but here the long man with the yellow eyes struck in .
well , what is it , anyway ?
you 'll be cap'n next , I shouldn't wonder .
I dunno , but it 's pretty plain they wanted it .
third , you wouldn't let us go at them upon the march .
well , who crossed me ?
who tipped me the black spot the day we landed and began this dance ?
you say this cruise is bungled .
we 're that near the gibbet that my neck 's stiff with thinking on it .
why , that 's John Silver .
and you can hear the chains a-jangle as you go about and reach for the other buoy .
are we a-going to waste a hostage ?
kill that boy ?
ah , well , there 's a deal to say to number three .
and maybe , perhaps , you didn't know there was a consort coming either ?
why the doctor had given it to him was more than I could fancy .
but if it were inexplicable to me , the appearance of the chart was incredible to the surviving mutineers .
they leaped upon it like cats upon a mouse .
why , how do I know ?
but not you , you can't ; you hain't got the invention of a cockroach .
who 's the better man at that ?
and now I resign , by thunder !
but that was never my way .
it was around about the size of a crown piece .
that was the end of the night 's business .
George , shake up your timbers , son , and help Dr Livesey over the ship 's side .
did you take that medicine ?
the rogues looked at each other but swallowed the home-thrust in silence .
no , I should be surprised if he did !
the man 's tongue is fit to frighten the French .
silver , I 'm surprised at you .
and he nodded his head in my direction carelessly .
silver struck the barrel with his open hand .
and I take it I 've found a way as 'll suit all .
I readily gave the pledge required .
rapidly I described to him my adventures , and he heard me out in silence .
that would be a poor return , my boy .
oh , by Jupiter , and talking of Ben Gunn !
why , this is the mischief in person .
silver 's face was radiant .
the Treasure-hunt Flint 's Pointer
Jim , that 's one to you .
I got what I wanted , I did .
sure enough , they have the ship .
it was no wonder the men were in a good humour now .
for my part , I was horribly cast down .
for all the world , I was led like a dancing bear .
as we pulled over , there was some discussion on the chart .
a tall tree was thus the principal mark .
the top of the plateau was dotted thickly with pine-trees of varying height .
thence , bending to our left , we began to ascend the slope towards the plateau .
a heavy-scented broom and many flowering shrubs had almost taken the place of grass .
indeed , as we found when we also reached the spot , it was something very different .
I believe a chill struck for a moment to every heart .
but what sort of a way is that for bones to lie ?
it was done .
the body pointed straight in the direction of the island , and the compass read duly E.S.E. and by E .
this is one of HIS jokes , and no mistake .
they 're long bones , and the hair 's been yellow .
Aye , that would be Allardyce .
Messmates , but if Flint was living , this would be a hot spot for you and me .
care killed a cat .
the terror of the dead buccaneer had fallen on their spirits .
it 's child 's play to find the stuff now .
well , I reckon he was blue .
I never have seen men more dreadfully affected than the pirates .
stand by to go about .
the buccaneers remained rooted to the ground , their eyes starting from their heads .
long after the voice had died away they still stared in silence , dreadfully , before them .
he had been well brought up , had Dick , before he came to sea and fell among bad companions .
still Silver was unconquered .
I could hear his teeth rattle in his head , but he had not yet surrendered .
he , on his part , had pretty well fought his weakness down .
there was an echo .
this argument seemed weak enough to me .
but the older hands greeted this remark with scorn .
he had said the truth : dead or alive , nobody minded Ben Gunn .
certainly he took no pains to hide his thoughts , and certainly I read them like print .
we were now at the margin of the thicket .
a low cry arose .
in this were the shaft of a pick broken in two and the boards of several packing-cases strewn around .
all was clear to probation .
the CACHE had been found and rifled ; the seven hundred thousand pounds were gone !
each of these six men was as though he had been struck .
but with Silver the blow passed almost instantly .
and he passed me a double-barrelled pistol .
Morgan found a piece of gold .
he held it up with a perfect spout of oaths .
you 're the man for bargains , ain't you ?
I tell you now , that man there knew it all along .
but this time everyone was entirely in Merry 's favour .
they began to scramble out of the excavation , darting furious glances behind them .
he was brave , and no mistake .
at last Merry seemed to think a speech might help matters .
he was raising his arm and his voice , and plainly meant to lead a charge .
but just then crack ! crack ! crack ! three musket-shots flashed out of the thicket .
and we set off at a great pace , sometimes plunging through the bushes to the chest .
I tell you , but Silver was anxious to keep up with us .
sure enough there was no hurry .
and by this time we had reached the gigs .
this was a run of eight or nine miles .
as it was , there was little amiss beyond the wreck of the main-sail .
a gentle slope ran up from the beach to the entrance of the cave .
at the top , the squire met us .
to me he was cordial and kind , saying nothing of my escapade either in the way of blame or praise .
at Silver 's polite salute he somewhat flushed .
I am told I am not to prosecute you .
well , then , I will not .
the floor was sand .
you 're too much of the born favourite for me .
is that you , John Silver ?
never , I am sure , were people gayer or happier .
therefore the work was pushed on briskly .
it was only a snatch that reached our ears , followed by the former silence .
well , that was about the last news we had of the three pirates .
that was about our last doing on the island .
silver was gone .
but this was not all .
the sea-cook had not gone empty-handed .
I think we were all pleased to be so cheaply quit of him .
Captain Smollett is now retired from the sea .
of Silver we have heard no more .
End of Project Gutenberg 's Treasure Island , by Robert Louis Stevenson
transcribed from the @number@ Charles Scribner 's Sons edition by David Price , email @email@
THE BLACK ARROW A TALE OF THE TWO ROSES
Critic on the Hearth :
that others may display more constancy is still my hope .
it was not without its reward at the time .
those who read volumes and those who read story papers belong to different worlds .
SARANAC LAKE , @date@ .
half-way up the village , the church stood among yews .
the express , it appeared , had brought great news .
a battle was impending .
and now I must side with Brackley !
it was the law that did it ; call ye that natural ?
Bowyer will give you jack and salet .
look to it right well !
I know you for a man of naught .
the old fellow looked up .
the veteran continued looking up the hill in silence .
birds are a good sentry ; in forest places they be the first line of battle .
I am an old man , and draw fast to homeward , where the bed is ready .
not a leaf stirred .
the sheep were patiently browsing ; the birds had settled .
Bennet raised the old archer on his knee .
Dick laid down his cross-bow , and pulling hard upon the arrow , drew it forth .
Hatch , upon his knees among the cabbages , prayed fervently for the welfare of the passing spirit .
Richard asked , still holding the arrow in his hand .
wipe the blood away .
here is a rogue 's name for those that be up in the world !
Appleyard 's house was clean and bare .
see , now , this chest .
now may God rest his spirit !
would ye rob the man before his body ?
Sir Oliver groped his way to a joint-stool , and sat down upon it , sick and white .
Hatch meanwhile reverently doffed his salet and knelt down .
a right Lollardy word .
who should this be ?
there was Simon Malmesbury , too .
so did this poor sinner , Appleyard .
I shall keep you , Bennet .
I must have a good man to rest me on in this day of black arrows .
well , let us ride forth , Master Hatch .
the men at the gate , who had been hitherto unaware of the stranger 's presence , woke and scattered .
the wisest of all had been Dick Shelton .
the quarrel sped .
the man stumbled and fell , and a great cheer arose from Hatch and the pursuers .
but they were counting their corn before the harvest .
for the king 's good pleasure , or the lord of the manor well !
but what have we here ?
the light falls apace .
Dick Shelton took the paper in his hand and read it aloud .
one is for Maister Bennet Hatch , That burned Grimstone , walls and thatch .
I will , upon no consideration , lose my poor life in error .
I was not even in the Moat House .
Dick Shelton saw the priest 's eye turned upon him for an instant in a startled glance .
he had some cause for thought ; for this Sir Harry Shelton was his own natural father .
keep an eye on Sir Daniel ; he is unsure .
get your good lordship where ye go ; make you strong friends ; look to it .
there are worse rogues afoot than Bennet .
BOOK I THE TWO LADS
CHAPTER I AT THE SIGN OF THE SUN IN KETTLEY
by his elbow stood a pottle of spiced ale .
the host of the Sun stood before the great man .
give me a great lord like you .
how , fellow , are ye so bold ?
now that he was on his legs , it was more difficult to make certain of his age .
ye shall be Mrs Shelton Lady Shelton , by my troth ! for the lad promiseth bravely .
they are no rogues who laugh , good cousin .
since ye force me to this sin , I will fast for my soul 's interest .
friends , ye shall ride in the front of the battle ; I can spare you , friends .
mark me this old villain on the piebald !
a two-year mutton riding on a hog would look more soldierly !
Clipsby , are ye there , old rat ?
Sir Daniel laughed a guffaw .
I will forgive you for that merry word .
the knight re-entered the inn .
Sir Daniel opened the packet , and as he read his brow darkened .
then he looked sharply at his ward .
the lad replied in the affirmative .
he has a loose tongue ; he babbles like a jack-sparrow .
dick ventured , with a beating at his heart .
dick 's face fell sorely .
and without turning his head , he fell again to eating .
half an hour later , Sir Daniel gave Dick the letter , and bade him speed to the Moat House .
what , sir knight !
will ye be the last ?
sir , I am with you on the instant .
what would ye have ?
spurring is good meat , but yet it killed the charger .
Sir Daniel looked with pride along the line .
he is gone .
be it upon your head .
CHAPTER II IN THE FEN
the path lay almost straight through the morass .
to have a riding-rod and spurs , and never a horse to sit upon !
Prithee , good Master Richard , help me with your good counsel .
Dick continued .
Master Matcham crossed himself with fervour , and appeared to pray .
dick inquired .
dick cried .
do I bemoan myself ?
what matters foul or fair ?
these be but toys .
but my heart is sorry for so spiritless a fellow !
the saints so do to me again if I default you .
come , pick me up a good heart , Sir White-face .
CHAPTER III THE FEN FERRY
it was a dingy stream ; but upon this bright , spirited morning everything was become beautiful .
a creek ran up to meet the path , and close under the bank the ferryman's hut lay snugly .
it was of wattle and clay , and the grass grew green upon the roof .
Dick went to the door and opened it .
look to yourself .
there is a fellowship abroad .
the gaunt ferryman continued staring .
Hugh Ferryman grumblingly undid his boat , and shoved it a little forth into the deep water .
then Dick led in the horse , and Matcham followed .
they were by that time at the mouth of the creek , and the view opened up and down the river .
Clay banks were falling in , willows nodding , reeds waving , martens dipping and piping .
dick inquired .
his time is out .
and he bent over his oars .
then Hugh held water in midstream .
I heard him swear it by the rood .
the boat ran into a tough thicket of willows with a crash .
a tall man appeared upon the shore of the island , a long-bow in his hand .
Dick cried a taunting answer .
and he turned instantly towards the island .
but here Matcham , who had been dragging far into the rear , threw himself fairly down .
we shall go softly , never fear .
they began to go forward up the slope .
what cheer , my bully !
ye shall strike shrewd strokes .
luck had served him well .
CHAPTER IV A GREENWOOD COMPANY
the ground became more and more uneven , full of pits and hillocks .
for all reply , Dick pointed with his finger .
for about fifty feet above the ground the trunk grew straight and solid like a column .
the lads exchanged glances .
with beating hearts , they descended through the hawthorns .
already in the interior a few plants were springing green among the chinks .
it was a hold of one Simon Malmesbury ; Sir Daniel was his bane !
it was twice repeated ere they recognised its nature .
the two lads stood looking at each other .
whoever he might be , their invisible neighbour was just beyond the ruin .
into this the lads silently lowered themselves .
peering through this , they were struck stiff with terror at their predicament .
the other fellow awoke , rolled over , brushed away the butterfly , and looked about him .
what cometh of it ?
I were better to have bided in the cloister .
there was a murmur of applause as the bearers set down the stretcher and displayed a goodly cask .
Lawless the cook was by this time already at his second horn of ale .
we shall make that passage dearer , pardy , than any battle .
and meanwhile what do we ?
we took seven marks from the messenger last night .
Ellis counted the contents .
but , for all that , Ellis pocketed the purse with nonchalance .
he stood leaning on his boar-spear , and looked round upon the rest .
the first-comers had by this time even despatched their dinner .
but now there came a strange interruption .
the tall chimney which over-topped the remainder of the ruins rose right above their hiding-place .
but to the fellows on the lawn , this shaft was an expected signal .
let not one man 's soul escape you .
the lads lay quiet till the last footstep had melted on the wind .
Matcham asked .
what ! would ye have me leave my own men that I have lived among .
but there was nothing further from Matcham 's mind .
would ye be forsworn ?
dick scratched his head .
ye run no great peril , man ; and these are in the way of death .
what a murrain do ye keep me here for ?
give me the windac .
dick cried again .
he slew him under oath ; in his own house he shed the innocent blood .
they stood , looking in each other 's eyes , each ready for a spring .
Matcham lay where he had fallen , with his face in the grass , not thinking of resistance .
dick bent his bow .
and he turned and began to run .
Matcham was on his feet at once , and began running after him .
dick lowered his weapon in some confusion .
go , then .
do your worst .
Dick was almost beside himself .
he had gone but a few yards , when Matcham touched him on the arm , and pointed .
dick looked at Matcham with a kindlier eye .
Matcham began to sob .
once , indeed , they paused , drew into a group , and seemed to point and listen .
from every clump they passed an arrow sped .
all this time not one of the assailants had for a moment shown himself .
at the same time , by something in his action , Dick recognised Selden .
then an arrow glanced over Selden 's shoulder ; and he leaped and ran a little back .
another dart struck quivering at his heel .
a third shaft leaped out right in his face , and fell short in front of him .
and then the laughter was repeated loudly , rising and reechoing from different thickets .
Chance favoured him , for a slight cry responded .
the companions of the Black Arrow now began to shoot in earnest .
it was repeated from another quarter .
it began to appear as if he might escape .
he was within fifty yards of them , when an arrow struck him and he fell .
Dick leaped to his feet and waved to him .
the whistle , it appeared , was John Amend-All 's battle trumpet , by which he published his directions .
and the pair turned and ran back through the open pine clump that covered the summit of the hill .
CHAPTER VI TO THE DAY'S END
it was , indeed , high time for them to run .
on every side the company of the Black Arrow was making for the hill .
dick plunged into the nearest cover .
the lads paused to breathe .
there was no sound of pursuit .
high overhead , the tall trees made a continuous roof of foliage .
the disarmed forester grappled his assailant ; but the dagger shone and descended twice .
but they kept up the form of running with undiminished courage .
presently they came to the end of the grove .
they were plainly fugitives from the great battle .
these must have run early in the day ; but their cowardice was not to save them .
Dick stood sombre .
it was an ugly choice .
for some time they continued to thread the forest in silence .
Matcham sat down and began to weep .
and ye have the man 's red blood upon your dagger !
Dick was struck dumb .
of any two the one will still be stronger .
dick took a step , swinging the belt .
then he paused , embarrassed by the large eyes and the thin , weary face of his companion .
his courage began to subside .
the strap fell by his side , and he stood irresolute , feeling like a fool .
I will instruct you .
Nay , I had forgotten it ; I am as thankless as thyself .
here is my hand , and my heart with it .
but I misdoubt it shrewdly .
so then they separated for the second time ; and presently it was Dick who was running after Matcham .
it were no help to me , good boy .
the night had now fallen , and under the trees they could no longer read each other 's face .
the blackness grew thicker and thicker .
and here they paused and looked upon each other .
and soon sleep fell upon them like a cloud , and under the dew and stars they rested peacefully .
CHAPTER VII THE HOODED FACE
and as they thus lay , the clang of a bell fell suddenly upon their ears .
the daylight , which was very clear and grey , showed them a riband of white footpath wandering among the gorse .
upon this path , stepping forth from the margin of the wood , a white figure now appeared .
at every step the bell clanked .
fear fell upon the lads , as cold as death .
as he came about level with the pit , he paused , and turned his face full upon the lads .
the leper looked or listened , whichever he was really doing , for some seconds .
Even Dick became dead-white and closed his eyes , as if by the mere sight he might become infected .
he was in fear , poor soul !
this was seeing ; it was not hearing .
he means foully .
the bell rang no longer .
what may this betoken ?
who ever heard the like , that a leper , out of mere malice , should pursue unfortunates ?
Dick crossed himself .
they , shrieking aloud , separated and began to run different ways .
dick heard the cry and turned .
but ere he had time to shoot , the leper held up his hand .
hey , Dick ?
Sir Daniel 's brow grew suddenly black with anger .
I skulked for my poor life in my own wood of Tunstall , Dick .
at length I came by you and Matcham .
some of my lads will pick me their way home .
hatch hath ten fellows ; Selden , he had six .
Sir Daniel put down the wine untasted .
dick stammered forth the tale of the ambush and the massacre .
he was silent for some time , his face working .
to see him once more in that appalling travesty somewhat revived the horror of his two companions .
but the knight was soon upon his feet .
dick inquired .
he held his arms open , and the lads embraced and kissed .
BOOK II THE MOAT HOUSE
CHAPTER I DICK ASKS QUESTIONS
the moat was perhaps twelve feet wide , crossed by a single drawbridge .
and more might be continually expected to arrive .
it was the terror of the Black Arrow that oppressed the spirits of the garrison .
but for their neighbours in the wood , they trembled .
his men , conscious of impunity , had carried themselves cruelly through all the country .
nor had there been lacking grisly advertisements of what they might expect .
we shall all go .
Selden was a man of his hands ; he was like a brother to me .
well , he has gone second ; well , we shall all follow !
for what said their knave rhyme ?
was it not so it went ?
Dick stooped to the window and looked in .
he groaned , and Dick heard the grating of his teeth , whether in pain or terror .
Just then Sir Daniel appeared upon the threshold of the hall .
he had a letter in one hand .
what , then , is lacking ?
one man instantly arose .
ye would blunder me headforemost into John Amend-All 's camp .
then Hatch offered himself , and he also was refused .
and with that he turned back into the hall .
this praise of Sir Daniel put a thought in the lad 's head .
and Hatch set off to make the rounds , leaving Dick in a muse .
at his entrance Carter started eagerly .
the man 's face altered instantly .
and for as little as it commends you , it shall serve you less .
ye will condemn my soul ye shall learn nothing !
and the wounded man turned upon the other side .
now , Dick , to say truth , had spoken hastily , and was ashamed of his threat .
but he made one more effort .
had his hands been clean , he would have spoken ; his silence did confess the secret louder than words .
Nay , upon all sides , proof floweth on me .
dick paused in the stone passage with a heavy heart .
the necessity , if it should prove to be one , was cruel .
and then steps sounded on the flagging , and Sir Oliver came gravely towards the lad .
the thought put Matcham in his head .
he smiled at the remembrance of his strange companion , and then wondered where he was .
neither Sir Daniel nor his lady made their appearance .
Sir Oliver himself was absent , and here again there was no word of Matcham .
after dinner he found Goody Hatch , who was hurrying to my Lady Brackley .
the old woman laughed aloud .
but as Dick was speaking , a heavy hand fell on his shoulder .
it was Bennet Hatch that had come unperceived behind him .
with a jerk of his thumb , the retainer dismissed his wife .
CHAPTER II THE TWO OATHS
Sir Daniel was in the hall ; there he paced angrily before the fire , awaiting Dick 's arrival .
by the mass , your father was not so !
save me from such gratitude !
speak ; we are here to answer .
he took his chin in his hand and looked at Dick fixedly .
it is well known this priest is but your instrument .
I speak very freely ; the time is not for courtesies .
even as I speak , so would I be answered .
but I will be just even in anger .
he extended his hand , and Dick took it eagerly .
I was a churl , indeed , to doubt of you .
as he spoke , he turned towards the priest , and paused in the middle of the last word .
Sir Daniel was by him in two strides , and shook him fiercely by the shoulder .
at the same moment Dick 's suspicions reawakened .
Sir Oliver speechlessly waved his arms .
ye make me doubt you !
but the priest was still incapable of speech .
the sentries were all on the alert .
there was no sign of a besieger .
the knight stood a little , musing .
then he turned to Dick .
I do almost begin to share in your suspicions .
Dick answered somewhat coldly , and the knight , giving him a piercing glance , hurriedly returned to the hall .
his first glance was for the arrow .
Sir Oliver had come to himself , and now scrambled to his feet .
it shall be on the blessed cross of Holywood .
look to it ; get the words ready .
I have a need for him , for I would sell his marriage .
I give orders now to change him to the chamber above the chapel .
have ye chosen ?
ye shall see him alone .
yet I shall have an eye on you .
the knight raised the arras and let it fall again behind him .
dick regarded him in wonder ; then he turned and looked all about him at the empty hall .
content ye , good lad .
and he made his escape from the apartment with unusual alacrity .
High upon the wall there was the figure of a savage hunter woven in the tapestry .
with one hand he held a horn to his mouth ; in the other he brandished a stout spear .
his face was dark , for he was meant to represent an African .
now , here was what had startled Richard Shelton .
in this light the figure of the black hunter had winked at him with a white eyelid .
he continued staring at the eye .
there could be no mistake .
the live eye that had been watching him through a hole in the tapestry was gone .
the firelight no longer shone on a reflecting surface .
and instantly Dick awoke to the terrors of his position .
dick followed the man with black forebodings .
CHAPTER III THE ROOM OVER THE CHAPEL
from the battlements nothing further was observed .
the messenger had got away in safety .
Sir Daniel 's brow grew clearer .
he turned to Hatch .
at length , with a lamp in one hand , he mounted to his new apartment .
it was large , low , and somewhat dark .
the window looked upon the moat , and although it was so high up , it was heavily barred .
for what reason had he been given this chamber ?
it was larger and finer than his own .
could it conceal a snare ?
was there a secret entrance ?
was it , indeed , haunted ?
his blood ran a little chilly in his veins .
immediately over him the heavy foot of a sentry trod the leads .
to sleep in such a place , he felt , would be foolhardy .
he made his weapons ready , and took his position in a corner of the room behind the door .
if ill was intended , he would sell his life dear .
dick ran to the door , drew the bolt , and admitted Matcham .
he was very pale , and carried a lamp in one hand and a drawn dagger in the other .
but my heart is glad to see you .
and he told him the day 's occurrences at length .
when it was done , Matcham arose and began , in turn , to examine the apartment .
Dick , I will stay by you .
and I can help look !
I have stolen a dagger I will do my best !
there was a sound below the floor ; then it paused , and then began again .
it is my murderer in the secret passage .
they blew out both the lamps and lay still as death .
the footfalls underneath were very soft , but they were clearly audible .
but now there came an interruption .
here was a moment 's respite .
Matcham was silent .
he seemed to have drawn further away .
Sir Daniel was still roaring the name of Joanna from the courtyard .
they will not rest till they have found me .
the girl paused , and stood silent and motionless .
dick , too , was silent for a little ; then he spoke again .
she answered nothing .
dick neither moved nor answered .
we know she is within there .
Dick was again silent .
in the first moment of alarm it sounded as if the foresters were carrying the Moat House by assault .
it is by the trap that we shall flee .
the attack is over .
he lighted a lamp , and they went together into the corner of the room .
seizing it with their hands , the two young folk threw it back .
CHAPTER IV THE PASSAGE
the passage in which Dick and Joanna now found themselves was narrow , dirty , and short .
heavy cobwebs hung from the roof ; and the paved flooring echoed hollow under the lightest tread .
beyond the door there were two branches , at right angles .
the top of the arched ceiling rose like a whale 's back in the dim glimmer of the lamp .
at the other end , they descended a few steps .
these were certainly some of the late arrivals .
and she pushed on .
they retraced their steps with all imaginable speed , and set forward to explore the other branch .
Dick answered .
it was immovable .
but this resisteth like dead rock .
there is a weight upon the trap .
but still Lord Foxham kept me in his hands , and was a good lord to me .
and at last I was to be married or sold , if ye like it better .
five hundred pounds Lord Foxham was to get for me .
and if , by cruel destiny , it may not be , still ye 'll be dear to me .
when I would have belted you , the hand failed me .
and indeed a heavy tread was now audible in the echoing passage , and the rats again fled in armies .
dick reconnoitred his position .
the sudden turn gave him a post of vantage .
he could thus shoot in safety from the cover of the wall .
presently , at the far end of the passage , Bennet hove in sight .
why would ye shoot upon an old , kind friend ?
why do men come privily to slay me in my bed ?
it is well .
here , where I am , I stay .
Hatch was silent for a space .
and Hatch , turning upon his heel , disappeared again into the windings of the passage .
dick instantly returned for his lamp , and proceeded to act upon the hint .
at one corner of the trap there was a deep cavity in the wall .
pushing his arm into the aperture , Dick found an iron bar , which he thrust vigorously upwards .
they were free of the passage .
a torch or two , each stuck in an iron ring against the wall , changefully lit up the scene .
CHAPTER V HOW DICK CHANGED SIDES
in the brown chamber the rope had been made fast to the frame of an exceeding heavy and ancient bed .
I may not essay it .
it was just at the delicate moment of the operations that she spoke .
before he could shoot the bolt , strong arms were thrusting it back upon him from the other side .
at the same moment the men who had forced the door against him laid hold upon him .
and then he lost hold , and fell , and soused head over ears into the icy water .
it had served its purpose .
an arrow struck him in the shoulder , another grazed his head .
it was more probable he would make haste to marry her to some friend of his own .
it was a man hanging from the bough of a tall oak .
dick raised the hood ; it was Throgmorton , Sir Daniel 's messenger .
he had not gone far upon his errand .
a rough voice bid him stand .
but ye are all mad for this playing at soldiers .
so it proved .
to the most untrue and cruel gentylman , Sir Daniel Brackley , Knyght , These :
the first step therinne will be thy first step to the grave .
BOOK III MY LORD FOXHAM
CHAPTER I THE HOUSE BY THE SHORE
months had passed away since Richard Shelton made his escape from the hands of his guardian .
these months had been eventful for England .
the party of Lancaster , which was then in the very article of death , had once more raised its head .
the small town of Shoreby-on-the-Till was full of the Lancastrian nobles of the neighbourhood .
the world had changed indeed .
this is no place for jolly fellows .
the door of the inn opened , and another man entered hastily and approached the youth before the fire .
Greensheve , follow with me .
Capper , lead forward .
they moved at a brisk walk , threading the intricate lanes and drawing nearer to the shore .
Sir Daniel and his six men were now come to the outskirts of the country .
the lane which Sir Daniel had been following came to an abrupt end .
meanwhile , Sir Daniel had come to a full halt .
close upon the heels of these , Dick followed .
presently they came close down upon the beach .
they sat down in a tuft of furze and waited .
the path led him straight to the group of buildings .
any one would have supposed the place to be deserted .
but Dick had good reason to think otherwise .
he continued his inspection , visiting the offices , trying all the windows .
he dropped back again to the top round of the ladder in a kind of amazement .
but he had little opportunity for thought .
it is none of this country 's badges .
they returned the ladder to the stable , and groped their way to the place where they had entered .
Greensheve and I lie here to watch .
speed ye , John Capper , and the saints aid you to despatch .
as he dropped again to the earth , another arose a little farther on and repeated the same performance .
thoroughly drenched and chilled , the two adventurers returned to their position in the gorse .
but the time passed , and still there was no movement .
presently Dick 's reinforcements began to arrive .
the rest will run ; even let them .
the bows , quivers , and tabards were concealed among the gorse , and the two bands set resolutely forward .
then they all shouted with one voice , and closed upon the enemy .
for all that , the fight was but beginning .
the giant still pursued his advantage , and still Dick fled before him , spying for his chance .
dick ground his teeth .
Dick turned to the beach .
but before Dick could answer , a voice spoke in the darkness from close by .
I will meet you at the point of day at St Bride 's Cross .
back to the beach he went hurrying .
CHAPTER III ST .
St Bride 's cross stood a little way back from Shoreby , on the skirts of Tunstall Forest .
here , then , about seven in the morning , Dick arrived .
he had not long to wait .
ye were pleased to make me yours with several dagger marks , which I still carry .
CHAPTER IV THE GOOD HOPE
Sir Daniel was alarmed by the skirmish of the night before .
he was disturbed by a touch upon his shoulder .
Lawless turned to a loiterer .
this was all that Lawless wanted .
I have come into mine estate which doubtless ye remember to have heard on .
well , prithee be about them incontinently .
in a trice they had leaped upon the heaving deck , and the skiff was dancing at the stern .
the Good Hope was captured .
she carried one mast , and was rigged between a felucca and a lugger .
Nay , the poor shrew heard the words , and the heart misgave her in her oak-tree ribs .
the darkness ahead was , indeed , astonishing .
and he led the way to the rude alehouse where he had given rendezvous to a portion of his men .
the young leader cast a rapid glance about the shed .
the shipman's eyes burned , although he still failed to recognise our hero .
gossip , I will be back anon .
but it was now too late , whether for recovery or revenge .
the cable was cut .
Richard took his place beside the weather rigging .
a strong discouragement assailed him .
he gave a cautious whistle , the signal previously agreed upon .
it proved to be a signal far more than he desired .
that was perhaps the chief cause of the disaster which made haste to follow .
one coward thrust off the ship 's stern , while another still held her by the bows .
the fugitives leaped , screaming , and were hauled on board , or fell back and perished in the sea .
some were cut down upon the pier by the pursuers .
this growing ill-feeling turned upon Lawless .
presently they would be fit for any extremity of injustice or ingratitude .
at this the wrath of Lawless rose and broke .
the Good Hope was , at that moment , trembling on the summit of a swell .
she subsided , with sickening velocity , upon the farther side .
nor did Lawless wait to be twice bidden .
the terrible result of his fling of just resentment sobered him completely .
do we lie well ?
here a few kept up the form of revelry , and toasted each other deep in Arblaster 's Gascony wine .
the moans of the wounded baron blended with the wailing of the ship 's dog .
Lord Foxham had been laid in a berth upon a fur cloak .
Howbeit , I have that upon my mind that must not be delayed .
I fall in an evil hour for me , for England , and for them that trusted me .
will he obey ?
but sith ye are for York , follow me .
I have tried , as ye see here before you , and have lost my life .
the day was beginning to break , cold and blue , with flying squalls of snow .
BOOK IV THE DISGUISE
CHAPTER I THE DEN
but here is my place , Master Shelton .
this is my native land , this burrow in the earth !
ye go too much on other people 's errands , Master Dick .
dick stared at him .
I am one , by the mass , that mindeth for himself .
and he stumped forth through the bushes with a snap of his big fingers .
presently at sight of one of these , Lawless pulled up .
three of their own company sat at the table , greedily eating .
but another although he was as far from recognising Dick and Lawless inclined to more moderate counsels .
all guests were made welcome .
dick followed close behind .
she , on her part , was shocked and terrified beyond expression , and hung trembling in his grasp .
dick , who could read these changes on her face , became alarmed for his own safety in that hostile house .
what do ye here ?
why are ye thus sacrilegiously tricked out ?
I will wholly put my life in your discretion .
I have life and death over you , and I will not scruple to abuse my power .
and then he was recalled to the dangers of the present .
upon her head , her hair had been gathered together and became her as a crown .
without a start , without a tremor , she raised her lamp and looked at the young monk .
whom do ye require ?
and she set her lamp upon the bracket .
oh , if ye could see yourself !
I have knocked some of the paint off .
but that can be mended .
I have not spared myself to pray , but Heaven frowns on my petition .
but Dick , blushing like a peony , only kissed her hand .
he had not been long in this position , when he was somewhat strangely disturbed .
and while he was still hesitating , a new cause of concern was added .
dick inwardly raged .
what was to be done ?
it was , nevertheless , upon this last hazard that Dick decided .
slipping from behind the tapestry , he stood ready in the doorway of the chamber , with a warning hand upraised .
Dick leaped upon and shook the drunkard furiously .
it is worse than treachery to be so witless .
but Lawless only laughed and staggered , and tried to clap young Shelton on the back .
CHAPTER III THE DEAD SPY
the name awoke Dick 's recollection ; and he instantly broke the wax and read the contents of the letter .
time passed slowly for the young man , bolt upright behind the arras .
the fire in the room began to die down , and the lamp to burn low and to smoke .
some ran forward and some back , and all together began to cry aloud .
to the proof , behold it !
this black stick , or its just likeness , shall yet bring me down .
he rose to his feet with a somewhat unsettled countenance .
meanwhile , the body of the spy was carried out through the falling snow and deposited in the abbey church .
he , upon his side , recounted the visit of the spy , his dangerous discovery , and speedy end .
Joanna leaned back very faint against the curtained wall .
ye have little faith , of a surety .
when I beheld him , he was rough indeed .
ye run no more peril , whether ye go or stay .
he leaned over the oaken balusters and whistled shrill .
in the midst of the choir the dead spy lay , his limbs piously composed , upon a bier .
Sir Oliver violently started ; his stout cheeks grew pale , and for a space he was silent .
nevertheless , for the kindness that was , I would not willingly deliver you to harm .
but if your purpose be bloody , it shall return upon your head .
and the priest devoutly crossed himself , and turned and louted to the altar .
his mind and his eyes , however , were continually wandering .
here , then , he was trapped .
CHAPTER IV IN THE ABBEY CHURCH
Rutter , the spy , was nobly waked .
so it was with me .
Lawless , as though he had understood , disappeared at once behind a pillar , and Dick breathed again .
a furious man is Ellis Duckworth !
but Dick had his hand at once upon his shoulder .
yield ye , friend .
it has to be done , my master , soon or late .
following these signs , he beheld three or four men with bent bows leaning from the clerestory gallery .
right in the midst of the nave the bridegroom lay stone-dead , pierced by two black arrows .
the bride had fainted .
Sir Daniel was blinded by anger blinded by the hot blood that still streamed across his face .
Lawless , on his part , sat as still as a mouse .
Sir Daniel , brushing the blood out of his eyes , stared blinkingly upon his captive .
but Dick , putting off his captors , uplifted his voice .
Ho , there , my fathers !
he , in his turn , was dragged from his seat and set beside his leader .
I am here in this man 's custody by mere force , reft from mine own people .
and then the short young lady fell on her knees by Joanna 's side .
CHAPTER V EARL RISINGHAM
thus it was that , from lack of space , Dick and Lawless were clapped into the same apartment .
on his captive 's entrance he looked up .
Lord Risingham took the letter , and opened and read it twice .
the earl nodded approvingly .
go , a Mary 's name !
CHAPTER VI ARBLASTER AGAIN
they paused in shelter of the garden wall to consult on their best course .
the danger was extreme .
the daylight rapidly departed ; and presently the moon was silvering the frozen snow .
this course was a long one .
the tallest of the three was talking in a loud , lamentable voice .
dick 's heart smote him at what he heard .
his master unsteadily followed him .
ask my man Tom , if ye misdoubt me .
hey ! what say ye ?
the affair passed in a second .
where is my wine ?
when he had done , the lad was a mere package in his hands as helpless as the dead .
beat me ? nay ; so would an angry child !
he were a cozener indeed !
Nay , I was not born yesterday .
shall we go hear him , indeed ?
to squander time was the first necessity .
Even Tom had been much delighted with the tale , and his vigilance had abated in proportion .
let us , then , go forth into the forest to-morrow ere the sun be up .
Pirret licked his lips .
there is no sin therein , I do assure you .
with a haggard glance , Dick saw the coast was clear between him and the door .
he put up an internal prayer .
CHAPTER I THE SHRILL TRUMPET
the frost was more rigorous than ever ; the air windless and dry , and stinging to the nostril .
but that ear-piercing summons had been heard at last .
ye were backward when the trumpet sounded ; and ye are now too forward with your counsels .
and with a gesture that was not without a sort of dangerous nobility , he waved them off .
the day was by this time beginning to break , and the stars to fade .
dick told him his name , and presented Lord Foxham 's signet , which the duke immediately recognised .
ye are like me , that was here at watch two hours before the day .
this time he was not long kept waiting .
his plan was simple .
Gloucester turned round to Dick .
CHAPTER II THE BATTLE OF SHOREBY
the whole distance to be crossed was not above a quarter of a mile .
the young duke ground his teeth together .
in the town , however , the Lancastrians were far from being in so good a posture .
it was as Dick had said .
to Dick he assigned the guard of one of the five streets .
win glory for me : one Richard for another .
I tell you , if I rise , ye shall rise by the same ladder .
if ye find him faithful , ye answer for his safety , a head for a head .
with the rest , under his own immediate eye , he lined the barricade .
the attack had begun , by a common signal , on all the five issues of the quarter .
then followed an obstinate and deadly struggle , hand to hand .
and now the footmen in the market-place fell back , at a run , on every side .
the second leaped clean upon the summit of the rampart , transpiercing an archer with his lance .
meanwhile Gloucester dismounted from his horse and came forward to inspect the post .
Howbeit , if ye will , let us ride on and visit the other posts .
dick quailed before his eyes .
Dick , once more left to his own counsels , began to look about him .
the arrow-shot had somewhat slackened .
on his own side the loss had been cruel .
at the same time , the day was passing .
never hath man in so brief space prevailed so greatly on the duke 's affections .
ye must make the post good , Sir Richard , at your peril .
and he turned from the archer , and once more scanned anxiously the market-place .
but there was something hesitating in the attack .
Dick looked uneasily about him , spying for a hidden danger .
some one gave the word to fly .
conspicuous in the mellay , Dick beheld the Crookback .
CHAPTER IV THE SACK OF SHOREBY
but this was not yet the hour for repose .
Sir Daniel 's great house had been carried by assault .
the most sickening apprehension fell upon Dick .
he caught a passing archer by the tabard .
but groping in his wallet , Dick found nothing .
and then an idea struck Dick .
and here a tall churchman stepped before him and arrested his advance .
and as Dick looked around him , he could measure the consequences of the battle .
the young duke passed them for a moment under a severe review .
and he turned the other way to watch the progress of the fight .
Gloucester turned and looked the speaker in the face .
Richard of Gloucester flushed .
ye have this day laid the foundations of high fortune .
if ye oppose to me my word , which I have plighted , I will yield .
but , by the glory of heaven , there your favour dies !
but the old skipper only looked upon him dully and held his peace .
the words died in Richard 's throat .
but there was no time left to him for vain regret .
Catesby laughed .
well , God keep us all from evil !
Dick 's heart had just been awakened .
he halted his troop , dismounted , and raised the lad 's head .
at the same time the eyes opened .
and then the poor young lady fainted once again .
then he took Joanna 's friend upon his saddlebow , and once more pushed toward the forest .
CHAPTER V NIGHT IN THE WOODS : ALICIA RISINGHAM
plainly , profiting by the road , Sir Daniel had begun already to scatter his command .
presently , indeed , the moon would clear the hilltops , and they might resume their march .
there was nothing for it but to camp and wait .
she sat upon one horse-cloth , wrapped in another , and stared straight before her at the firelit scene .
at the offer of food she started , like one wakened from a dream , and then silently refused .
and ye would have me eat with you and your hands not washed from killing ?
but Sir Daniel hath sworn your downfall .
the unfortunate Dick was plunged in gloom .
old Arblaster returned upon his mind , and he groaned aloud .
Wherefore did ye fight ?
I have made too much haste ; I have been busy before my time .
I have brought about the death of your dear kinsman that was good to me .
I am unfit for life .
I will forswear Joanna and the trade of arms .
it appeared to Dick , in this extremity of his humiliation and repentance , that the young lady had laughed .
the moon was now up ; and they were only waiting to repose the wearied horses .
by the moon 's light , the still penitent but now well-fed Richard beheld her looking somewhat coquettishly down upon him .
and she made bright eyes at him .
CHAPTER VI NIGHT IN THE WOODS ( concluded ) : DICK AND JOAN
the horses had by this time finished the small store of provender , and fully breathed from their fatigues .
hence he could look far abroad on the moonlit and snow-paven forest .
and there his eye was caught by a spot of ruddy brightness no bigger than a needle 's eye .
he blamed himself sharply for his previous neglect .
but now he must no longer squander valuable hours .
at last , through an opening of the wood , his eye embraced the scene of the encampment .
he began to have a terrible misgiving that he was out-manoeuvred .
ye ask much .
and therewith he raised a little tucket to his mouth and wound a rousing call .
his own men became restive .
then Dick awoke .
at the same time , answering tuckets repeated and repeated Hatch 's call .
Dick stood for a moment , bitterly recognising the fruits of his precipitate and unwise valour .
he looked at her , and there she was John Matcham , as of yore , in hose and doublet .
there was a downfall for conceit !
madam , ye must try to pardon me .
these were his words .
Nay , that I will say : he is more plain than pleasant .
but now , children , for the sake of sense , set forward .
at length , from a rising hill , they looked below them on the dell of Holywood .
the messenger hath certainly miscarried .
well , then , so better .
Gloucester looked upon him with a formidable frown .
he will not rise , Lord Foxham .
CHAPTER VII DICK'S REVENGE
his thoughts were both quiet and happy .
but to go on to Holywood is different .
I carry arms for York , and I will suffer no spy within their lines .
Holywood is shut against you .
and with these words , the knight turned and began to move off under the trees .
Herein , all of a sudden , a bow sounded like a note of music .
Dick bounded to his side and raised him .
his face desperately worked ; his whole body was shaken by contorting spasms .
at length he , also , rose , and showed the countenance of Ellis Duckworth .
and he wrung him by the hand .
Hatch he is dead , poor shrew !
a flash came into the eyes of Ellis Duckworth .
he looked upon her sourly for a little .
I did warn him freely , but he was stout in his besottedness .
and with a very handsome salutation he passed on , followed by his officers .
Hamley , all jealousy forgotten , began to ply the nowise loth Alicia with courtship .
Thenceforth the dust and blood of that unruly epoch passed them by .
they dwelt apart from alarms in the green forest where their love began .
{ 2 } Richard Crookback would have been really far younger at this date .
THE VIOLET FAIRY BOOK
TO VIOLET MYERS IS DEDICATED THE VIOLET FAIRY BOOK
these stories are as old as anything that men have invented .
they are narrated by naked savage women to naked savage children .
who were the first authors of them nobody knows probably the first men and women .
Eve may have told these tales to amuse Cain and Abel .
this is the whole truth of the matter .
I have said so before , and I say so again .
Mrs Lang did the rest .
a TALE OF THE TONTLAWALD
oh ! what wonders and splendours unfolded themselves before Elsa 's astonished eyes !
she thought she really must be in Heaven .
I can do nothing right , so let me , I pray you , stay with you .
Elsa meanwhile was tossed about between hope and fear , and felt as if the girl would never come .
at last Elsa saw her crossing the grass with a box in her hand .
two drops of water were glistening on the cloak , and these the girl shook on the ground .
only under their feet was a tiny dry spot .
then the girl placed the mussel shell on the water and took the fish scales in her hand .
Elsa asked what it meant , and the girl replied that it was her name .
the mussel shell and the fish scales were put back in the box , and the girls went in .
at the head of the table sat the lady of the house in a golden chair .
he bowed low to the lady and then stood quietly near the door .
who could have taken them ?
well , she was to know that by-and-by .
it is for your stepmother , that she may beat it instead of you .
let her flog it as hard as she will , it can never feel any pain .
whenever he crowed and flapped his wings the rock opened and something came out of it .
after everybody had had enough , the old man struck the rock again .
there they all remained , till they were joined by the old man .
nine years slipped away in this manner , when one day the lady called Elsa into her room .
now you are a woman , and I have no right to keep you here .
I want no other happiness but to live and die beside you .
but it has to be .
life seemed to stretch before her like a dark starless night .
one day the stepmother had given the girl a frightful beating , and then threatened to kill her outright .
the rest of the day all was still , but no one had seen anything of the daughter .
when Elsa recovered her senses , she found herself lying under a bush in her own proper form .
but that was the last that was ever heard of the Tontlawald .
THE FINEST LIAR IN THE WORLD
but this time also the beardless man had been too clever for him , and had arrived first by another road .
listen to me , and I will tell you a true story .
I shouted .
during the night wolves had come and had eaten my bee .
and honey lay ankle-deep in the valley and knee-deep on the hills .
if I stood it touched the ground , although if I was sitting it only reached my ears .
but what was I to do for a fire ?
a tinder box I had , but no wood .
but ill-luck still pursued me .
in despair I threw myself on the ground , and instantly sank in it as far as my waist .
THE STORY OF THREE WONDERFUL BEGGARS
after a little more talk the three made themselves ready and crept softly away .
Anastasia , who had heard every word , ran straight to her father , and told him all .
he went first to the priest , and asked him about the children in his parish .
the merchant 's heart beat fast , and his mind was full of bad thoughts about that poor little baby .
how can you afford to bring up the boy ?
Ivan scratched his head , and thought , and thought , and then he agreed .
the merchants picked up the child , wrapped it up carefully , and drove on .
when they saw Mark they told him what a strange thing they had found .
Mark guessed at once that the child must be his godson , asked to see him , and said :
it seemed to come from the barrel which was bobbing about near the water 's edge .
they drew it to land and opened it , and there was a little child !
the monks were very polite to him and showed him their house and church and all they had .
as you say , he is so good and clever .
do spare him to me .
Vassili handed them the letter .
Vassili reached the house and gave the letter .
when the mistress read it she could hardly believe her eyes and called for her daughter .
Anastasia saw the bearer of the letter and he pleased her very much .
they dressed Vassili in fine clothes and next day he was married to Anastasia .
in due time , Mark returned from his travels .
his wife , daughter , and son-in-law all went out to meet him .
when Mark saw Vassili he flew into a terrible rage with his wife .
Mark read it .
it certainly was his handwriting , but by no means his wishes .
twelve years ago he built a castle on some land of mine .
I really cannot tell you whether the journey was long or short .
Vassili went on further .
he came to a river and got into the ferryboat .
and he walked on .
he walked , and walked , and walked , till he came to a great green meadow .
in the meadow stood a large and splendid castle .
Vassili walked in , and went from one room to another astonished at all the splendour he saw .
when he reached the last room of all , he found a beautiful girl sitting on a bed .
then she rose up to receive the Serpent King .
after you left , I had such a wonderful dream .
in all haste the lovely girl helped Vassili out of the chest , and showed him part of his way back .
he thanked her very politely , and hurried off .
the great fish heaved itself up and threw up all the twelve ships and their crews .
then he shook himself for joy , and plunged into the sea .
and now the twelve ships which the whale had thrown up came sailing along and anchored close by .
then they vanished away and he never saw them again .
Mark was more furious than ever .
when he reached the river he sprang into the ferryboat .
Vassili led a good and happy life with his dear wife , and his kind mother-in-law lived with them .
he helped the poor and fed and clothed the hungry and naked and all Mark 's riches became his .
for many years Mark has been ferrying people across the river .
he hastened quickly towards it , and curling himself up in a warm corner soon fell asleep .
then , the midnight hour having passed , they all vanished , and the youth was left alone .
the monster looked eagerly about him , and his eyes sparkled with joy when he saw the cask .
once on a time there were three princes , who had a step-sister .
one day they all set out hunting together .
so the princes went on their way , and a little wolf followed each of them .
the eldest prince took an arrow , and shot it into the trunk of one of the birch trees .
turning to his brothers he said :
and the step-sister went with the eldest prince .
the prince walked up to the door and knocked .
then the prince and his step-sister entered the castle and took up their abode in it .
the next morning the prince went out hunting .
Do what I tell you , and I will be your friend .
if you marry me you will be much happier with me than with your brother .
but you must first go into the sitting-room and look in the cupboard .
there you will find three bottles .
but the prince spoke and said :
so the robber consented , and the prince blew the horn .
so he awoke the wolf by flicking him across the eyes with his brush .
then the prince turned to the step-sister and said :
So saying , he called his beasts , and set out on his travels .
when he had gone a little way he came to an inn .
everyone in the inn seemed so sad that he asked them what was the matter .
and he set out to the sea-shore , where the dragon was to meet the princess .
then the prince rushed forward with his sword and killed the dragon , and the beasts tore the body in pieces .
and she gave him a ring and half of her handkerchief .
but on the way back the coachman and footman spoke to one another and said :
so they killed the prince , and left him dead on the roadside .
in a moment the fox had caught it and brought it to the lion .
then the lion said to the crow :
then he set out for the town , accompanied by his faithful beasts .
and when the king saw these tokens he knew that the prince was speaking the truth .
so he asked the old woman if he might spend the night beside her fire .
but I am afraid of your beasts .
and he said she might , for he did not know that she was a witch .
so she stretched out her rod , and in a moment the beasts and their master were turned into stone .
Calling his beasts round him , he set out and wandered through the woods .
so he blew on his hunting horn and listened again .
and he asked her if he might spend the night beside her fire .
and in a moment the two princes stood before their brother , and their beasts stood round them .
then the three princes set off together to the town .
THE GOAT'S EARS OF THE EMPEROR TROJAN
from this time the apprentice went regularly up to the palace , receiving each morning twelve ducats in payment .
his master saw there was something on his mind , and asked what it was .
THE NINE PEA-HENS AND THE GOLDEN APPLES
he felt very much ashamed of himself , and went with lagging feet to tell his father !
towards midnight he awoke , and sat up to look at the tree .
then she changed herself back into a pea-hen , and the whole nine flew away .
so , when the evening came , the old woman hid herself under the tree and waited for the prince .
before long he arrived and laid down on his bed , and was soon fast asleep .
and she hastened to him , and took his hand , and drew him into the palace .
and he went downstairs and unlocked the doors , one after the other .
so the prince went back , and brought some more water , and again a hoop sprang .
so the prince unfastened the trap , pulled out one of the fox 's hairs , and continued his journey .
and the prince undid the snare and let the wolf go .
then he could bear it no longer and turned back to the palace , in spite of the dragon 's threats .
then , fearing to meet his enemy , he stole out of the castle .
there cannot be another like it in the whole world .
he is twin brother to my own horse , and can fly as high as the clouds themselves .
but no one can ever get this horse without first serving the old woman for three whole days .
but the prince did not waver , and declared he would abide by his words .
it had hardly touched his fingers when the fish appeared in the stream beside him .
he gave a shriek of dismay , and sprang up in search of the wanderers .
then he mounted , and they flew straight through the air to the dragon 's palace .
once upon a time there was a king and queen who lived happily and comfortably together .
she thought , and thought , and at last an idea came into her head .
and he took the lute player through the prison himself .
when they reached the frontier the prisoner said :
the queen took a short way home , got there before the king and changed her dress .
never would you have seen your king again , if a young lute player had not delivered him .
whilst the king was sitting with his council , the queen found time to disguise herself .
but this time I don't mean to give up what I get .
and as she spoke she threw off her long cloak and everyone saw it was the queen .
who can tell how happy the king was ?
he was almost in despair , when the stranger suddenly appeared , blocking up his way .
but still the king was stiff-necked and would promise nothing .
then for the third time the stranger stood before the king , and said :
the king shrank back , and ordered the nurse to take the baby away at once .
then his great boarhound bounded up to him , but his caresses were only answered by a violent push .
but he did not dare to bring back the baby , lest the trick should be found out .
the peasants were quite contented with this arrangement , which gave them food and money in abundance .
where can I be ?
at night they slept under a fig tree , and when the sun rose started on their way .
it sounded as if a troop of horses were ploughing their way over a moor .
they reached it at last , and found an empty kennel standing in front of the gate .
By-and-by the master came back , and called him from his hiding-place .
keep your eyes and ears open , and your mouth shut , obey without questions .
then she took out a needle and thread , and began to darn her stockings .
neither was the old grandmother anywhere to be seen .
when he woke his first thoughts were for the girl , whom he found hard at work .
if I come back and find the manger empty it will go ill with you .
how , then , do you expect to do it all by yourself ?
it is your only chance .
after these words the maiden went away as softly as she had come .
Early the next morning he set to work .
he took out the rushes which had somehow got mixed up with the hay , and plaited them quickly .
the old man got up from his seat and went away .
the prince was overjoyed to hear he had nothing worse to do .
By-and-by the maiden stole up to ask what task he had for the next day .
you must steal out at daybreak to-morrow and bring out the white horse and some good strong ropes .
when you are ready , climb up the hay-stack and begin to count one , two , three .
Late in the evening the prince went to his master to learn what he was to do next day .
and he went towards his room , where the maiden met him .
take heed to what I tell you .
after this the prince went to bed and slept soundly .
the young man wondered at this strange freak , and went laughing in search of the maiden .
so next morning he wakened very early , and had heated the shovel before the old man was awake .
come to me at dawn and bring the maiden with you .
take an axe , and cut off the head of the calf with one blow .
bring that to me .
meanwhile , I will do what is needful here .
if we can once escape , we will go back home .
mercifully , the cow slept through it all , or by her cries she would have awakened the master .
so they went on till the day began to dawn .
the old man slept very late that morning , and rubbed his eyes till he was properly awake .
then he remembered that very soon the couple were to present themselves before him .
then he went straight to the stable , where the sight of the dead calf told him all .
so spake the old man , and the servants fled like the wind .
the runaways were crossing a great plain , when the maiden stopped .
and in an instant there was a brook with a fish swimming in it .
and the goblins jumped up , and flew like the wind .
the young pair had almost reached the edge of the wood , when the maiden stopped again .
and in the twinkling of an eye it was done .
and he threw open the door of the seventh stall , where his mightiest goblins were locked in .
the fugitives were resting in the shade of a wood , and were refreshing themselves with food and drink .
suddenly the maiden looked up .
you must come with me and be my wife .
we have gone through many troubles together , and now we will share our joys .
the maiden resisted his words for some time , but at last she went with him .
she herself stayed behind in a peasant 's hut , so that father and son might meet alone .
and that is the end of the story .
THE CHILD WHO CAME FROM AN EGG
the queen held out her hand , and the old woman examined its lines closely .
but your other sorrow is much older than this .
a fortnight after the old woman had paid her visit , the king came home , having conquered his enemies .
next she sent for the king , who nearly went mad with joy at the sight of the children .
the boy was called Willem .
then , kissing the baby three times , she mounted her coach and drove away .
about my son , I have no fears .
in a moment a beautiful lady stood beside her .
your red eyes tell me that you are unhappy .
the queen had already met her death from a spear carelessly thrown .
then , warning her once more to take care of the basket , the lady bade the girl farewell .
Dotterine did not want to be told twice !
she was just going to alight , when she suddenly remembered she had left her basket behind her .
what was she to do ?
and at midnight a strange thing happened .
a thick cloud suddenly filled the hall , so that for a moment all was dark .
then the mist suddenly grew bright , and Dotterine 's godmother was seen standing there .
in the house lived a man who had a wife , and the wife was sad all day long .
if I were to tell you , you would become just as wretched as myself .
but no man yet was ever content with such an answer .
from that day the little house in the outskirts contained an unhappy man as well as an unhappy woman .
and at the sight of her husband 's misery the woman became more wretched than ever .
he reached home that evening tired and dusty , but with hope in his heart .
the cow had ceased to give milk , and it was too early for the fruit trees to ripen .
in the shadow of some trees lay the rest of the flock .
and this happened every night .
however , that matter could be settled later .
the offer was very tempting , and Stan could not resist it .
he did not waste words , but nodded to the dragon , and they started along the road .
so Stan had to stay and do the old mother service .
they walked to the spot where the club lay .
at these words the dragon grew uncomfortable for the second time .
then the old woman grew uncomfortable too !
only to think of it !
it was no joke to throw things into the moon !
dear me , that is easy enough !
at these words the dragon 's jaw dropped .
but the old mother was fond of money , and did not like this .
then he hid himself underneath , and began to snore loudly .
Stan groaned loudly from under the bed , and the dragon went away as softly as he had come .
the next morning he came into the room when the dragon and his mother were having their breakfast .
the dragon and his mother looked at each other .
this time the mother grew as frightened as her son .
so he stood still and looked at them .
I am ashamed that when I get home they should see I have brought back so little .
then he and Stan set forth .
was there nothing he could say to get rid of the monster ?
suddenly an idea came into Stan 's head , and he turned round .
a hundred children !
that was indeed no joke !
it is certainly not worth such a long journey .
THE STORY OF A GAZELLE
then he jumped up and returned to the dust-heap .
and he took up his cage and went towards the scratcher of dust-heaps , and the men went with him .
first , I took you for my master .
second , you gave for me all you had in the world .
he lay on the grass chewing tobacco , when the gazelle trotted up .
and the gazelle galloped up to him , and laid the diamond at his feet .
the wife is his wife , the family is his family , the slave is his slave .
leave all the talking to me .
very soon some soldiers came to meet them , while others ran off to tell the sultan of their approach .
if I die , I die , and if I live , I live .
so she opened the door .
he eats till he has had enough , and then drinks a whole tankful of water .
after that he goes away .
and he has seven heads .
and after he had done eating and drinking he came to the door :
so she arose and showed the gazelle rooms full of gold and precious things , and other rooms full of slaves .
Sultan Darai looked about him , and at length he said :
after a few days , the ladies said they wished to go home again .
and they all thought the gazelle greater a thousand times than its master , Sultan Darai .
who is the owner of it ?
it is the apple of your eye .
the old woman saw she had spoken vainly , and went back weeping to the gazelle .
I know its price ; I bought it for an eighth .
the gazelle kept silence for a few moments .
so the old woman returned , and found the master and the mistress drinking coffee .
then it happened to get both life and wealth , but now it had no honour with its master .
I cannot sleep , I cannot eat , I cannot drink , for the worry of that gazelle .
shall a creature that I bought for an eighth trouble me from morning till night ?
how has he failed you ?
for this gazelle is loved by all , by small and great , by women and men .
ah , my husband !
but Sultan Darai would not heed their words , and the dead gazelle was thrown into the well .
night and day they travelled , till the sultan came to the well where the gazelle had been thrown .
and the man dreamed that he was on the dust-heap , scratching .
HOW A FISH SWAM IN THE AIR AND A HARE IN THE WATER .
once upon a time an old man and his wife lived together in a little village .
one day , he drove to the forest .
when he reached the edge of it he got out of his cart and walked beside it .
suddenly he stepped on such a soft spot that his foot sank in the earth .
he sat down and thought over the matter a long time , and at last he made a plan .
then he got into his cart and trotted merrily home .
how can you think such things !
so the man and his wife drove to the forest .
as they were driving along the man said :
why , just look .
the man climbed up the tree and brought down the pike , and they drove on .
when they got near the stream he drew up .
here is actually a four-footed creature caught in the net .
but her husband only shook his head and shrugged his shoulders as if he could not believe his own eyes .
the old man caught up the hare , and they drove on to the place where the treasure was buried .
and now the old couple had plenty of money and were cheery and comfortable .
but the wife was very foolish .
every day she asked a lot of people to dinner and feasted them , till her husband grew quite impatient .
he tried to reason with her , but she would not listen .
the old woman was very angry .
the governor took pity on the woman , and ordered his chief secretary to look into the matter .
the secretary called the elders of the village together , and went with them to the man 's house .
you know nothing ?
why your wife has complained of you .
don't attempt to tell lies .
sir , I beg your pardon .
everyone roared with laughter ; even the secretary smiled and stroked his beard , and the man said :
the secretary could make nothing of it all , and drove back to the town .
TWO IN A SACK
what a life that poor man led with his wife , to be sure !
he had no peace or comfort at all , and really hardly knew how to bear it .
what kind of bird do you think he caught in his net ?
instantly two pretty lads sprang out of the sack .
the man had never seen anything so beautiful in his life , and he was delighted .
the man thanked him warmly , took the sack , and set out .
then she changed the two sacks , and hid the man 's sack away .
but not a soul came out of the sack .
the man thanked him heartily , took the sack , and went .
the words were hardly out of his mouth , when the two crept back into the sack .
then the man shouldered the sack , and went off straight to his cousin 's house .
then the mother said :
at last the woman could hold out no longer , and sent him the sack she had stolen .
NOW he had quite finished his bath , and as he left the bathroom he cried :
and the two crept back at once into the sack .
then the man took both sacks , the good and the bad one , and went away home .
the woman ate and drank , and praised her husband .
then he lounged up and down in the yard .
meantime his wife became thirsty .
don't cry so !
now we 'll beat you black and blue !
come here , quick !
he had hardly said the words before they were back in the sack again .
one day the old man was working in his garden , with his dog , as usual , close by .
from morning till night he and his wife mourned over their loss , and nothing could comfort them .
THE FAIRY OF THE DAWN
all three like the morning stars in the sky !
Florea , the eldest , was so tall and broad-shouldered that no man in the kingdom could approach him .
Costan , the second , was quite different .
he spoke very little , but laughed and sang , sang and laughed , from morning till night .
but Florea would not go .
well , I will let you into the secret .
thus spoke the emperor , and Petru picked up his hat and went to find his brothers .
like a spirit the horse flew over mountains and valleys till he came to the borders of the empire .
at this awful sight Florea did not wait to give battle .
he put spurs to his horse and dashed off , WHERE he neither knew nor cared .
the dragon heaved a sigh and vanished without leaving a trace behind him .
a week went by .
Florea did not return home .
two passed ; and nothing was heard of him .
after a month Costan began to haunt the stables and to look out a horse for himself .
nothing more was heard either of him or Florea ; and Petru remained alone .
Petru stopped for a moment when he caught sight of this terrible creature .
then he found his voice .
but even so he got on no better , for he could see nothing but fire and smoke .
at the gate of the palace his nurse , old Birscha , was waiting for him eagerly .
Petru thanked her heartily for her advice , and went at once to make inquiries about the horse .
it must have been that old witch of a Birscha ?
have you lost your wits ?
Petru turned away in anger , and went back to his old nurse .
the place was full of saddles , bridles , and bits of leather .
but , horrible though he was , he had met his match .
Petru showed no fear , but rolled up his sleeves , that his arms might be free .
Petru wasted no more words , but drew his sword and prepared to throw himself on the bridge .
and in this fashion they passed the bridge .
like the wind ?
Petru looked about him , up at the heavens and down again to the earth .
then he rode right into the wood .
if a man is fated to be unlucky , unlucky he will be , whatever he may do !
the flowers went on beseeching him , and his heart grew ever weaker and weaker .
and that was the Welwa .
Petru stopped and lowered his sword .
the Welwa gave a neigh like a horse and a howl like a wolf , and threw herself afresh on Petru .
for another day and night the battle raged more furiously than before .
and Petru went on fighting , though he barely had strength to move his arm .
and he told Petru all his story , and how he had been bewitched for many years .
so Petru tied the Welwa to his own horse and rode on .
where did he ride ?
it was the silver wood .
as before , the flowers began to beg the young man to gather them .
by dawn of the second day it had vanished altogether , and the sun shone brightly in the heavens .
it seemed to Petru that he had been born again .
she had vanished .
the battle began anew .
at dawn on the second , he felt that both his feet were lame .
and the sun came out and the water disappeared , without his knowing how or when .
but he settled himself in his saddle , grasped his sword , and waited .
and then something came to him WHAT I cannot tell you .
Petru wiped the sweat from his brow with his gauntlet , and with a desperate effort rose to his feet .
so the four horses galloped fast , and by nightfall they were at the borders of the golden forest .
so Petru got down and picked them up , and they all went on .
Petru laughed , and waited for her to speak .
Petru thanked her gratefully for her gift , mounted his horse , and rode away .
when he was some distance from the hut , he opened the casket .
be as brave now as you were then .
the very iron of the horse 's shoes began to melt , but Petru gave no heed .
the sweat ran down his face , but he dried it with his gauntlet .
when Petru looked at them his heart burned within him , and his mouth grew parched .
Petru shook his head and said nothing , for he had lost the power of speech .
then he stopped in front of the house , and Petru jumped off and went to the door .
you cannot enter the house of the goddess Venus like that .
and Petru did .
then Petru turned once more to the horse .
take the silver wreath and knock at the windows of the goddess Venus .
this is what you must say .
Petru asked no more , but went towards the house .
Petru did not answer .
but Venus was joyful in her heart when she saw Petru 's eyes fixed upon her .
Petru did not know what to do .
bring me a flagon of it , and I will do anything to prove my gratitude .
it is not easy ! no one knows that better than I do !
ride slowly till you get to the fairy 's kingdom , then dismount and go on foot .
when you return , see that all your three horses remain on the road , while you walk .
do you hear ? do you hear ?
Petru thanked her , and managed to get off at last .
he did not know there was such a beautiful castle in the world .
this was one of the guards of the castle !
Petru ran through them like the wind .
was it haste or fear that spurred him on ?
and it ran neither fast nor slow , but both fast and slow together .
all this saw Petru from the other side .
but how was he to get over ?
who could tell what it was made of ?
it looked like soft little woolly clouds !
after a while , he determined to take the risk , and strode back to the sleeping giant .
the giant woke and stretched out his hand to pick up Petru , just as we should catch a fly .
but Petru played on his flute , and the giant fell back again .
when the giant saw the trick which had been played on him he said to Petru .
and the giant swore .
but he had met his match .
then he played a few notes on his flute , and the giant went to sleep again .
but he dared not linger , and pushed on .
no one was there to bar his way , for all were asleep .
even the leaves had ceased to move .
he passed through the courtyard , and entered the castle itself .
in the forty-ninth he found the Fairy of the Dawn herself .
and as Petru looked at her the magic flute dropped by his side , and he held his breath .
it was the bread of strength and the wine of youth , and Petru longed for them .
as he looked a mist came over his senses .
then he filled a flask with water from the well , and vanished swiftly .
as he passed through the garden it seemed quite different from what it was before .
and all this had been caused by the three kisses Petru had given the Fairy of the Dawn .
but I will give you this cloth to help you .
not well , it said .
but his brown horse stood sadly hanging his head .
and both brothers understood there was only one way in which they could kill him .
the horse neighed , and Petru knew what it meant , and did not go with his brothers .
one day he plucked up all his courage and went to the palace to ask the emperor for his daughter .
the sun had hardly risen the following morning when the princess 's nurse brought the young man to her apartments .
then the maiden said :
out of these you must pick out the three described to you by my father .
but he only chose from them all the three that the emperor had described .
JESPER WHO HERDED THE HARES
there was once a king who ruled over a kingdom somewhere between sunrise and sunset .
at last he devised a plan .
Peter and Paul were grown men , while Jesper was just coming to manhood .
it was a fact , however , as we shall see in the course of our story .
when these were opened , every shell was found to contain a large and beautiful pearl .
next morning Peter put his pearls in a little basket , and set off for the king 's palace .
next day Paul set out to try his luck .
so he walked on , and presently the same old woman met him .
Jesper made no reply , but put his pearls in the little basket and walked off .
at a turn of the road he suddenly came upon the old woman .
and in case she might not believe him , he lifted the cover and let her see them .
he had already taken a few steps on the way again , when the old woman called him back .
in spite of the softness of the bed , he was very glad when morning came at last .
the king walked off , and Jesper looked in despair at the task before him .
Jesper explained the trouble he was in .
Jesper thought so too when the next day 's task was set before him .
here he found something which turned out to be the whistle given to him by the old woman .
a little later , a girl in a shabby dress came into the field and walked up to Jesper .
not long after this the hare-herd had another visit .
of course , it wasn't long in coming back again , like the others .
the princess blushed and looked very uncomfortable , but had to admit that it was true .
the queen turned very red and hot , but couldn't deny it .
the sleeper slowly raised his head from his furs , and opened his heavy eyes .
near him stood a long thin man , holding in his hand a young fir tree taller than himself .
the sleeper did not wait to be asked twice , but rose at once and followed the stranger .
very soon they reached a wood , and saw the friendly glow of a fire .
suddenly a loud noise struck on his ear , and he felt the earth tremble beneath his feet .
he found himself at length at the mouth of a rocky cave in which a fire seemed burning .
then the master got down from his seat and said to Hans :
with these words he unlocked a door in the cave , and bade Hans pass in before him .
oh , what riches and treasures met Hans ' astonished eyes !
gold and silver bars lay piled on the floor , and glittered so that you could not look at them !
the whole world would sink to idleness if men were not forced to earn their daily bread .
Table and seats were all of silver , while the dishes and plates were of solid gold .
then he went to sleep in his chair , and knew nothing of what was happening .
wonderful dreams came to him during his sleep , where the bars of gold continually hovered before his eyes .
THE HISTORY OF DWARF LONG NOSE
they were poor and hard-working .
the couple had one boy called Jem .
a handsome , pleasant-faced boy of twelve , and tall for his age .
see these lovely cabbages and these fresh herbs !
as he cried an old woman came across the Market Place .
let me look at those herbs .
the cobbler 's wife felt much disgusted at seeing her wares treated like this , but she dared not speak .
the old woman took out a silver whistle and blew it till the sound rang through the house .
she threw away her stick and walked briskly across the glass floor , drawing little Jem after her .
So saying , she whistled again .
first came in guinea pigs in men 's clothing .
his mother had often given him nice things , but nothing had ever seemed so good as this .
they grew thicker and thicker and the scent nearly overpowered the boy .
strange dreams came to him .
first he learned to clean her cocoa-nut shoes with oil and to rub them up .
here he worked his way up from under-scullion to head-pastrycook , and reached the greatest perfection .
then he went to fetch the herbs to stuff it with .
in the store-room he noticed a half-opened cupboard which he did not remember having seen before .
he opened one and found a very uncommon herb in it .
there he lay on the old woman 's sofa and stared about him in surprise .
he was quite puzzled when he reached the market-place .
she turned round quickly and jumped up with a cry of horror .
and they called him a horrid dwarf !
why , what had happened to him ?
when he got to the stall he stood in the doorway and looked in .
I always thought and said that something of the kind would happen .
seven years of his youth had been stolen from him , and what had he got in return ?
he stood there thinking , till at last his father asked him :
the lad was dumb with fright .
he felt his nose .
Jem stepped across to the barber , whom he had known in old days .
meantime Jem had stepped up to the mirror , and stood gazing sadly at his reflection .
tears came to his eyes .
he determined to go again to his mother , and found her still in the market-place .
at last she decided to go and talk to her husband about it .
she gathered up her baskets , told Jem to follow her , and went straight to the cobbler 's stall .
wait a minute , you rascal !
so you were bewitched , my son were you ?
some of the servants ran off at once , and others pointed out Jem .
So saying , the head steward led him to the head cook 's room .
do you suppose our cooking stoves are so low that you can look into any saucepan on them ?
but the dwarf was not to be put off .
they went into the kitchen a huge place with at least twenty fireplaces , always alight .
when the head cook came in with Jem everyone stood quite still .
and now Jem was allowed to try his hand .
the saucepans were taken off , and he invited the head cook to taste .
he hurried on his best clothes and followed the messenger .
the grand duke was looking much pleased .
he had emptied the dishes , and was wiping his mouth as the head cook came in .
Jem bowed to the ground , and promised to obey his new master in all things .
now all was changed .
one day passed much like another till the following incident happened .
one morning he was in the goose market , looking for some nice fat geese .
I never should have thought it !
well , don't be anxious .
I know better than to hurt so rare a bird .
the goose thanked him with tears in her eyes , and the dwarf kept his word .
when Long Nose told her his story she said :
this was but small comfort for Jem , for how and where was he to find the herb ?
about this time the grand duke had a visit from a neighbouring prince , a friend of his .
get everything you wish and spare nothing .
if you want to melt down gold and precious stones , do so .
the dwarf bowed and answered :
the prince had been a fortnight with the grand duke , and enjoyed himself mightily .
on the fifteenth day the duke sent for the dwarf and presented him to the prince .
the dwarf felt frightened , for he had never heard of this Queen of Pasties before .
but it did not please HIM at all .
sure enough , next day a magnificent pasty all wreathed round with flowers was placed on the table .
Jem himself put on his best clothes and went into the dining hall .
the grand duke flew into a rage .
I made the pasty according to the best rules ; nothing has been left out .
the prince laughed .
the grand duke was more furious than ever .
the poor dwarf hurried back to his room , and poured out his grief to the goose .
luckily this is a new moon just now , for the herb only springs up at such times .
suddenly the dwarf noticed a big old tree standing alone on the other side of the lake .
the dwarf stood gazing at the plant .
then he plunged his face into the bunch of herbs , and drew in their perfume .
the goose looked on in amazement .
Jem folded his hands in thanks , as his heart swelled with gratitude .
but his joy did not make him forget all he owed to his friend Mimi .
the goose accepted his offer with joy , and they managed to slip out of the palace unnoticed by anyone .
the prince hinted that the duke had allowed his cook to escape , and had therefore broken his word .
THE NUNDA , EATER OF PEOPLE
now the sultan had seven sons .
so he lay down and slept , and his slaves slept likewise .
then he ran to the young man and shook him , saying :
the lad jumped up and ran to the tree to see for himself , but there was not a date anywhere .
shall I tell him that Bedouins drove me away , and when I returned there were no dates ?
I have no use for you .
the youth went to the tree , and lay down and slept .
now he is in disgrace , and we know him no more .
well , I will watch till the bird comes .
when the sun rose , the head-man came and looked for the dates , and there were no dates .
and the young man looked , and there were no dates .
and the slave went with him to the palace , where the sultan was sitting with his four sons .
but whatever they did , the result was always the same .
towards dawn they fell asleep , and the bird ate the dates on the tree .
the sixth year had come , and the dates on the tree were thicker than ever .
and the head-man went to the palace and told the sultan what he had seen .
and he rose up , and went to his father , and knelt before him .
but his father and his mother laughed heartily , and thought his words idle talk .
then he took some Indian corn out of one fold of his dress , and some sandy grit out of another .
then the boy stole softly up , and caught it by the wing .
so it flew up higher still so high that the earth shone like one of the other stars .
and the bird saw it was no use talking , and went down to the earth again .
the lad watched the bird out of sight ; then he went straight to the date tree .
farewell , date tree , I am going to lie down .
and the people did as he had said .
then they took the drum , and went to the tree where the boy lay sleeping .
and he plucked a date , and put it into his father 's mouth .
so they all lived quietly at home , till the sultan 's cat went and caught a calf .
and I shall not kill it .
and it waited till the next day , and caught some one 's child .
then it caught a grown-up man .
after that the cat left the town and took up its abode in a thicket near the road .
so if any one passed , going for water , it devoured him .
if it saw a cow going to feed , it devoured him .
if it saw a goat , it devoured him .
whatever went along that road the cat caught and ate .
and this time the sultan said :
but the footprints never turned out to be those of the Nunda .
then they began their climb .
suddenly , when they had almost reached the top , a slave who was on in front cried :
and the boy looked , and his soul told him it was the Nunda .
and he crept down with his spear in his hand , and then he stopped and gazed below him .
she told me it was broad and not long , and this is broad and not long .
then he left the Nunda lying asleep at the foot of the mountain , and went back to his slaves .
and after they had eaten and were filled , they lay down and slept till morning .
when the dawn broke they rose up and cooked more rice , and drank more water .
THE STORY OF HASSEBU
and he stayed at home , eating and sleeping .
and he knocked and listened .
and they dug , and found a large pit like a well , filled with honey up to the brim .
perhaps there is a hole .
and he went in and lay down on it , and fell fast asleep , for he had wandered far .
By-and-by there was a sound of people coming through the courtyard , and the measured tramp of soldiers .
this was the King of the Snakes coming in state to his palace .
they entered the hall , but all stopped in surprise at finding a man lying on the king 's own bed .
when he was comfortably seated , he turned to his soldiers , and bade them wake the stranger gently .
if I send you home , you will come back , and kill me .
then he went straight to his mother 's house , and the heart of his mother was glad .
so Hassebu carried him .
the Vizir will tell you to drink it , but be careful not to do so .
and the Sultan loved Hassebu , who became a great physician , and cured many sick people .
but he was always sorry for the poor King of the Snakes .
THE MAIDEN WITH THE WOODEN HELMET
still she could manage to live , and that was enough .
however , they might have spared themselves the trouble , as he knew it was only idle talk .
at length one night her mother appeared to her in a dream , and bade her marry the young man .
and when they had drunk it all , and the cup was empty , a wonderful thing happened .
THE MONKEY AND THE JELLY-FISH
the movement , gentle though it was , woke the turtle .
delighted at having secured his prize , the turtle hastened back to the shore and plunged quickly into the water .
it was during one of these attacks of sadness that a jelly-fish happened to swim by .
at that time jelly-fishes had shells .
the monkey shrank back horrified at these words and asked the jelly-fish what crime he had committed that deserved death .
then he went away , leaving the ape cold with horror .
no bells were rung , and no ringer ever came back .
indeed , there were even those who whispered that the minister himself had murdered the missing men !
perhaps you saw how your comrades walked down stairs , and you are going after them .
then Hans began to ring lustily .
Hans rang the bells for some time , then went to the hay-loft , and fell fast asleep .
this morning everyone was in his place except Hans , and no one knew anything about him .
the minister tried to argue the point with him , but at length the following agreement was come to .
a few weeks later the minister was asked to attend a christening in the neighbouring town .
the minister thought he was joking , and made no further remark .
when they arrived in the middle of the wood the sun sank altogether .
the young man was not to be moved .
as he spoke , he turned his back on the minister , and went his way .
after some hours , he was awakened by a sudden noise , and sat up and looked about him .
my bones still ache from my fall down the steps of the tower .
I dare say you have not forgotten that night !
now it is the turn of your bones .
when I was in his power he granted me my life .
the headless dwarfs listened to his words and disappeared as suddenly as they had come .
under the stone lies a great treasure , which has been hidden there in time of war .
Hans found that his limbs no longer pained him , and lay for some time thinking of the hidden treasure .
towards morning he fell asleep .
the sun was high in the heavens when his master returned from the town .
then he returned to his work .
THE YOUNG MAN WHO WOULD HAVE HIS EYES OPENED
but when the old man had listened attentively to him , he said , warningly :
knowledge kills joy , therefore think well what you are doing , or some day you will repent .
while he lay there dreadful dreams haunted him .
beneath the trees were golden pavilions , with flags of silver all brightly lighted up .
then a silvery veil seemed to be drawn over the ladies , and they vanished from sight .
THE BOYS WITH THE GOLDEN STARS
but it was only the emperor going to hunt with his friends and attendants .
and though they spoke low the young men heard , and turned their horses ' heads .
so she hated the girl with all her heart , and only bided her time to do her ill .
this time her scheme was successful .
and hastily assembling whatever soldiers happened to be at hand he set off at once to meet the enemy .
the other king had not reckoned on the swiftness of his movements , and was not ready to receive him .
the emperor fell on him when he was off his guard , and routed his army completely .
let us now see what happened to the two little boys .
the poor little babies had found no rest even in their graves .
it was some time before the bait took , but at length even emperors are only men !
and with this the empress was forced to be content .
she felt as if she were listening to a language which no one but herself could understand .
by daybreak the empress had determined how to get rid of the beds .
yet while they were burning the empress seemed to hear the same words , which she alone could understand .
the boys grew fast .
and they grew in other things besides height , too .
there was the noise of a struggle , which reached the emperor 's ears .
the princes stopped at the sound of their father 's voice .
who dares to use force in my palace ?
the emperor , as he listened , grew red with anger .
they had almost reached the gates when a servant ran up to them .
he sat at the top of a long table covered with flowers and filled with guests .
and a second cushion fell down .
the empress was silent , but the princes began to sing the story of their lives .
when they reached the warlike expedition of the emperor three of the cushions fell down at once .
once upon a time there was a woman who had three sons .
one day they all three told their mother they meant to get married .
flop ! and the frog appeared out of the water close beside him .
in the house there are three puppies .
she must train it and bring it up .
so the young men set out on their different ways , each taking a puppy with him .
flop ! and close beside him , he saw the frog .
in high spirits the youth carried it off to his mother .
you may imagine what the youngest brother felt on hearing these words .
whence was he to fetch a bride ?
would the frog be able to help him in this new difficulty ?
the frog was holding the carriage door open for him to step in .
and he got up and followed her into the chariot .
the third witch gave the girl a magic purse , filled with money .
Great was the delight of the mother at her youngest son 's good fortune .
THE PRINCESS WHO WAS HIDDEN UNDERGROUND
the youngest of the three sons , on the contrary , made good use of his portion .
if he were not capable of finding her then he must die .
many young men sought to discover her , but all perished in the attempt .
this the king agreed to do , and he arose and took the lamb to his daughter .
when he had led it into her palace , and through many rooms , he came to a shut door .
after that they went through many more rooms , and came to another closed door .
when the king had embraced the princess , he gave her the lamb , to her great joy .
she stroked it , caressed it , and played with it .
then he left the lamb with the princess , and went his way .
in the night , however , the young man threw off the skin .
so he took it away with him , and gave it back to the shepherd .
THE GIRL WHO PRETENDED TO BE A BOY
his new overlord would demand the service of one of his sons .
and the old emperor had no son ; only three daughters .
are your subjects discontented ? or have we given you cause for displeasure ?
never have you given me one moment 's pain .
yet now you cannot help me .
tell us all about it !
but the years have chilled my blood and drunk my strength .
but her father only shook his head sadly .
the brave girl 's heart almost stopped beating from joy , as she set about her preparations .
then he gave her his blessing , and she touched her horse with the spur .
then , changing himself into a wolf , he lay down under one of the arches , and waited .
with a deep growl that froze the blood , he drew himself up , and prepared to spring .
the girl 's eyes filled with tears , and she stood gazing at him .
then looking at the princess who had come early to the stable , he said joyfully ,
the preparations of the emperor 's youngest daughter were much fewer and simpler than those of her sisters .
then she bade farewell to her father , and rode away .
then without looking round , she rode across the bridge .
and this time he took the shape of a lion .
but the horse guessed this new danger and told the princess how to escape it .
the breath of the princess came and went , and her feet rattled in the stirrups .
then , like a flash , she crossed this bridge also .
the fight lasted an hour and the dragon pressed her hard .
then she crept back to her own bed and fell fast asleep .
so they put their heads together and laid another trap for her .
then the genius told his mother that she was quite wrong , and his deliverer was certainly a man .
but the old woman was not convinced for all that .
after this she informed the genius that she would start early next day and take Sunlight with her .
put your faith in him as you put it in me , and you will never repent .
trust me , mistress , and you shall never regret the absence of my brother .
checking her horse , she asked whether it would be better to take it or let it lie .
these youths came forward to greet their new companion , and wondered why they felt so attracted towards him .
at his first words she brightened up .
go back to the emperor and ask him for twenty ships filled with precious merchandise .
on hearing this advice , the princess went at once into the emperor 's presence .
the ships were soon ready , and the princess entered the largest and finest , with Sunlight at her side .
then the sails were spread and the voyage began .
they hastened up to the owner of these treasures , and inquired who he was .
thus they arrived at the court of the emperor .
they were just about to land , when the mother of the genius stood before them .
one glance told Iliane who the horrible old woman was , and she whispered hastily to her companion .
the princess did as she was told , and a huge mountain sprang up behind them .
only her claws could be seen grasping the battlements .
so when the emperor asked her to share his throne Iliane answered :
the princess bowed and went to consult Sunlight .
the way was long and difficult , but at length they reached the place where the mares were grazing .
at last , when her strength was almost gone , the genius lowered his sword for an instant .
nothing now remained to be done but to drive the whole stud to the emperor 's court .
on reaching the palace , she drove them into a yard , and went to inform the emperor of her arrival .
at this , the heart of the girl swelled within her .
but she reached the altar in safety , and found the vase of holy water standing on it .
in either case he thought that the punishment would be severe .
THE STORY OF HALFMAN
in a certain town there lived a judge who was married but had no children .
one day he was standing lost in thought before his house , when an old man passed by .
the judge thanked him joyfully as he took the apples , and went to seek his wife .
so the twelve sons saddled their horses and rode for twelve days , till they met an old woman .
and he did not go to bed , but hid himself and watched .
after that she lay down and was soon snoring loudly .
there was only half of him !
yes ! it certainly was red !
and she turned to wreak vengeance on him , but he and his brothers were far away .
he knew what was in her mind and saved us , and here we are .
and they waited for a chance .
So Halfman got down and filled a skin with water , and they drew it up by a rope and drank .
then the brothers rode away as fast as they could , with his bride .
and the fish guided him to a shallow place , so that he scrambled out .
you killed my daughters and helped your brothers to escape .
so the ogre brought wood , and heaped it up till the flames roared up the chimney .
I am so thin now , I shall hardly make one mouthful .
so Halfman was locked into the room , and the ogre and his wife brought him his food .
but he raised his axe and cut off her head , and ran away like the wind .
but Halfman was far away .
at last he saw an iron tower which he climbed up .
but the ogre 's wife was still alive , for she had taken no part in kindling the fire .
then she returned to Halfman and told him to go and claim his bride .
he jumped up hastily from his seat , and took the road to his father 's house .
he went at once to his father 's room , and found him sitting in tears on the floor .
so the father called them all into his presence .
but I warned my brothers that the man was not our uncle , but an ogre .
now , you are a judge !
the next day the ogress came again , and asked the boy what answer the father had given .
so she took him .
about midnight she suddenly stood before him .
and his father clasped him in his arms , and began to cry .
THE PRINCE WHO WANTED TO SEE THE WORLD
the young man replied that he was very fond of doing so .
before he had gone very far he met a woman carrying a child , which was crying from hunger .
go in and hide yourself close to a tank , where three doves will come to bathe .
the young man did as he was told , and everything happened as the woman had said .
the next morning when the prince awoke he saw the three loaves standing beside his bed .
the monarch looked at the loaves for a moment without speaking , then he said :
the youngest , however , was quite unharmed .
that night she came to the prince and whispered to him :
so the king turned his steps homewards and told his wife .
but there is no time to waste .
but it was no use .
the king then filled it a second time , but again the turtle was too quick for him .
after having relieved her feelings in this manner , she and the king went back to the palace .
and it did .
so the next day the wedding took place , and they lived happy till they died .
Virgilius was fond of books , and pored over them all day long .
when the enemies of Virgilius heard of this , they assembled together and laid siege to his castle .
but Virgilius was a match for them .
but he got together another army , and marched straight off to the castle .
the emperor , who by this time was thoroughly frightened , said he would agree to anything Virgilius desired .
Virgilius was enchanted at this quite unexpected favour , and stepped with glee into the basket .
the emperor , guessing that this was the work of Virgilius , besought him to break the spell .
and when everything was ready he was led out to the Viminal Hill , where he was to die .
and next morning the stone gave way , and the sacred statue fell on its face and was broken .
and the senators knew that their greed had been their ruin .
then the sultan ordered his guards to bind him , and left him there till the following day .
MOGARZEA AND HIS SON
he climbed a hill and looked about him to see if there was no light shining from a window .
I should like to hear .
this being settled , they each returned home .
they could do nothing , and the young man remained cold as marble to all their entreaties .
but they were mistaken .
and he turned towards home , taking his sheep and the soul of Mogarzea with him .
for three days the boy stayed in the palace , receiving the thanks and praises of the whole court .
suddenly he sprang forward , seized her in his arms and kissed her , and plucked a rose from her hair .
the fairy gave a cry , and begged him to give her back her rose , but he would not .
he only stuck the rose in his hat , and turned a deaf ear to all her prayers .
but every May they returned to the Milk Lake , they and their children , and bathed in its waters .
E-text prepared by Louise Hope from page images generously made available by Internet Archive ( @url@
images of the original pages are available through Internet Archive .
Transcriber 's note :
these have not been individually noted .
NEW YORK : BRENTANO'S
first published by David Nutt , @date@
page The Happy Prince @number@
the Nightingale and the Rose @number@
LIST OF COLOUR PLATES
the King of the Mountains of the Moon Frontis .
the Loveliest of the Queen 's Maids of Honour @number@
his Lips are Sweet as Honey @number@
in every Tree he could see there was a Little Child @number@
High above the city , on a tall column , stood the statue of the Happy Prince .
he was very much admired indeed .
then , when the autumn came they all flew away .
and certainly , whenever the wind blew , the Reed made the most graceful curtseys .
then he saw the statue on the tall column .
so he alighted just between the feet of the Happy Prince .
the climate in the north of Europe is really dreadful .
then another drop fell .
the eyes of the Happy Prince were filled with tears , and tears were running down his golden cheeks .
his face was so beautiful in the moonlight that the little Swallow was filled with pity .
my courtiers called me the Happy Prince , and happy indeed I was , if pleasure be happiness .
he was too polite to make any personal remarks out loud .
one of the windows is open , and through it I can see a woman seated at a table .
in a bed in the corner of the room her little boy is lying ill .
he has a fever , and is asking for oranges .
his mother has nothing to give him but river water , so he is crying .
soon they will go to sleep in the tomb of the great King .
the King is there himself in his painted coffin .
he is wrapped in yellow linen , and embalmed with spices .
but the Happy Prince looked so sad that the little Swallow was sorry .
he passed by the cathedral tower , where the white marble angels were sculptured .
he passed by the palace and heard the sound of dancing .
a beautiful girl came out on the balcony with her lover .
he passed over the river , and saw the lanterns hanging to the masts of the ships .
at last he came to the poor house and looked in .
then the Swallow flew back to the Happy Prince , and told him what he had done .
and the little Swallow began to think , and then he fell asleep .
thinking always made him sleepy .
when day broke he flew down to the river and had a bath .
and he wrote a long letter about it to the local newspaper .
every one quoted it , it was full of so many words that they could not understand .
he visited all the public monuments , and sat a long time on top of the church steeple .
when the moon rose he flew back to the Happy Prince .
at noon the yellow lions come down to the water 's edge to drink .
they are made of rare sapphires , which were brought out of India a thousand years ago .
pluck out one of them and take it to him .
so the Swallow plucked out the Prince 's eye , and flew away to the student 's garret .
through this he darted , and came into the room .
the next day the Swallow flew down to the harbour .
she has let her matches fall in the gutter , and they are all spoiled .
her father will beat her if she does not bring home some money , and she is crying .
she has no shoes or stockings , and her little head is bare .
so he plucked out the Prince 's other eye , and darted down with it .
he swooped past the match-girl , and slipped the jewel into the palm of her hand .
then the Swallow came back to the Prince .
there is no Mystery so great as Misery .
he flew into dark lanes , and saw the white faces of starving children looking out listlessly at the black streets .
then he flew back and told the Prince what he had seen .
but at last he knew that he was going to die .
he had just strength to fly up to the Prince 's shoulder once more .
at that moment a curious crack sounded inside the statue , as if something had broken .
the fact is that the leaden heart had snapped right in two .
it certainly was a dreadfully hard frost .
Early the next morning the Mayor was walking in the square below in company with the Town Councillors .
and the Town Clerk made a note of the suggestion .
so they pulled down the statue of the Happy Prince .
so they threw it on a dust-heap where the dead Swallow was also lying .
THE NIGHTINGALE AND THE ROSE
if I bring her a red rose she will dance with me till dawn .
surely Love is a wonderful thing .
it is more precious than emeralds , and dearer than fine opals .
Pearls and pomegranates cannot buy it , nor is it set forth in the market-place .
suddenly she spread her brown wings for flight , and soared into the air .
she passed through the grove like a shadow , and like a shadow she sailed across the garden .
but the Tree shook its head .
but the Tree shook its head .
so the Nightingale flew over to the Rose-tree that was growing beneath the Student 's window .
but the Tree shook its head .
you must sing to me with your breast against a thorn .
so she spread her brown wings for flight , and soared into the air .
she swept over the garden like a shadow , and like a shadow she sailed through the grove .
I will build it out of music by moonlight , and stain it with my own heart's-blood .
so the Nightingale sang to the Oak-tree , and her voice was like water bubbling from a silver jar .
in fact , she is like most artists ; she is all style without any sincerity .
she would not sacrifice herself for others .
still , it must be admitted that she has some beautiful notes in her voice .
all night long she sang with her breast against the thorn , and the cold crystal Moon leaned down and listened .
but the Tree cried to the Nightingale to press closer against the thorn .
and the Tree cried to the Nightingale to press closer against the thorn .
and the marvellous rose became crimson , like the rose of the eastern sky .
crimson was the girdle of petals , and crimson as a ruby was the heart .
then she gave one last burst of music .
the white Moon heard it , and she forgot the dawn , and lingered on in the sky .
Echo bore it to her purple cavern in the hills , and woke the sleeping shepherds from their dreams .
it floated through the reeds of the river , and they carried its message to the sea .
and at noon the Student opened his window and looked out .
I have never seen any rose like it in all my life .
then he put on his hat , and ran up to the Professor 's house with the rose in his hand .
but the girl frowned .
so he returned to his room and pulled out a great dusty book , and began to read .
it was a large lovely garden , with soft green grass .
one day the Giant came back .
he had been to visit his friend the Cornish ogre , and had stayed with him for seven years .
when he arrived he saw the children playing in the garden .
so he built a high wall all round it , and put up a notice-board .
TRESPASSERS WILL BE PROSECUTED
he was a very selfish Giant .
the poor children had now nowhere to play .
then the Spring came , and all over the country there were little blossoms and little birds .
the only people who were pleased were the Snow and the Frost .
the Snow covered up the grass with her great white cloak , and the Frost painted all the trees silver .
then they invited the North Wind to stay with them , and he came .
he was wrapped in furs , and he roared all day about the garden , and blew the chimney-pots down .
so the Hail came .
he was dressed in grey , and his breath was like ice .
the Autumn gave golden fruit to every garden , but to the Giant 's garden she gave none .
one morning the Giant was lying awake in bed when he heard some lovely music .
what did he see ?
he saw a most wonderful sight .
in every tree that he could see there was a little child .
it was a lovely scene , only in one corner it was still winter .
he was really very sorry for what he had done .
so he crept downstairs and opened the front door quite softly , and went out into the garden .
the Giant loved him the best because he had kissed him .
but the little boy whom the Giant loved was never seen again .
suddenly he rubbed his eyes in wonder and looked and looked .
it certainly was a marvellous sight .
in the farthest corner of the garden was a tree quite covered with lovely white blossoms .
Downstairs ran the Giant in great joy , and out into the garden .
he hastened across the grass , and came near to the child .
one morning the old Water-rat put his head out of his hole .
but the little ducks paid no attention to her .
in fact , I have never been married , and I never intend to be .
Love is all very well in its way , but friendship is much higher .
he lived in a tiny cottage all by himself , and every day he worked in his garden .
in all the country-side there was no garden so lovely as his .
there were damask Roses , and yellow Roses , lilac Crocuses and gold , purple Violets and white .
it is quite a treat to hear you talk about friendship .
I certainly will not allow Hans ' nature to be spoiled .
why , the words are spelt differently , and mean quite different things .
that is the new method .
I like the Miller immensely .
that is the wonderful thing about it , but I am afraid you don't understand the poetry of life .
you don't mean to say you have sold it ?
I have given you my wheelbarrow , and now you are going to give me your plank .
so he jumped off the ladder , and ran down the garden , and looked over the wall .
however , he went on bravely , and at last he reached the market .
you must not mind my speaking quite plainly to you .
of course I should not dream of doing so if I were not your friend .
but what is the good of friendship if one cannot say exactly what one means ?
my little boy has fallen off a ladder and hurt himself , and I am going for the Doctor .
I will certainly take care not to give away anything again .
and I quite agree with her .
the King 's son was going to be married , so there were general rejoicings .
so pale was she that as she drove through the streets all the people wondered .
at the gate of the Castle the Prince was waiting to receive her .
he had dreamy violet eyes , and his hair was like fine gold .
when he saw her he sank upon one knee , and kissed her hand .
then there was a State Banquet , which lasted for five hours .
after the banquet there was to be a Ball .
the bride and bridegroom were to dance the Rose-dance together , and the King had promised to play the flute .
why ! if they were real Crackers they could not be lovelier .
I am very glad I have travelled .
they wrote so much about it that nobody believed them , and I am not surprised .
true love suffers , and is silent .
it is like the moon , and lives for ever .
the bride and bridegroom , for instance , love each other very dearly .
but the Catherine Wheel shook her head .
suddenly , a sharp , dry cough was heard , and they all looked round .
he always coughed before he made any observation , so as to attract attention .
as soon as there was perfect silence , the Rocket coughed a third time and began .
in fact , he had a most distinguished manner .
my mother was the most celebrated Catherine Wheel of her day , and was renowned for her graceful dancing .
he flew so high that the people were afraid that he would never come down again .
I hate rudeness and bad manners of every kind , for I am extremely sensitive .
you should be thinking about others .
in fact , you should be thinking about me .
I am always thinking about myself , and I expect everybody else to do the same .
that is what is called sympathy .
it is a beautiful virtue , and I possess it in a high degree .
suppose , for instance , anything happened to me to-night , what a misfortune that would be for every one !
why , anybody can have common sense , provided that they have no imagination .
fortunately for myself , I don't care .
but none of you have any hearts .
there is nothing in you ; you are hollow and empty .
what a terrible misfortune !
poor people , to lose their only son !
it is really too dreadful !
if they had lost their only son there would be no use in saying anything more about the matter .
I hate people who cry over spilt milk .
the Prince and Princess were leading the dance .
it was certainly a magnificent display .
then the Squibs danced all over the place , and the Bengal Lights made everything look scarlet .
every one was a great success except the Remarkable Rocket .
he was so damp with crying that he could not go off at all .
Huzza ! cried the Court ; and the little Princess laughed with pleasure .
but they took no notice of him at all till they were just going away .
then one of them caught sight of him .
GRAND Rocket , that is what the man said .
then a little Frog , with bright jewelled eyes , and a green mottled coat , swam up to him .
give me rainy weather and a ditch , and I am quite happy .
do you think it will be a wet afternoon ?
I am sure I hope so , but the sky is quite blue and cloudless .
you will hear our glee-club this evening .
he was very much annoyed that he could not get a word in .
I am off to look for my daughters .
I have six beautiful daughters , and I am so afraid the Pike may meet them .
he is a perfect monster , and would have no hesitation in breakfasting off them .
I like hearing myself talk .
it is one of my greatest pleasures .
however , I don't care a bit .
after some time a large White Duck swam up to him .
however , I excuse your ignorance .
it would be unfair to expect other people to be as remarkable as oneself .
a person of my position is never useful .
we have certain accomplishments , and that is more than sufficient .
the fact is that I find this place rather tedious .
in fact , it is essentially suburban .
however , they did not seem to have much effect .
whenever we appear we excite great attention .
I have not actually appeared myself , but when I do so it will be a magnificent sight .
GOLD Stick , that is what he said .
Gold Stick is very complimentary .
so they piled the faggots together , and put the Rocket on top , and lit the fire .
the Rocket was very damp , so he took a long time to burn .
at last , however , the fire caught him .
fizz ! and he went straight up into the air .
but nobody saw him .
then he began to feel a curious tingling sensation all over him .
and he certainly did explode .
there was no doubt about it .
PRINTED BY HAZELL , WATSON AND VINEY , LD .
LONDON AND AYLESBURY .
Errors Noted by Transcriber :
Lucy Maud Montgomery Short Stories , @number@ to @number@
she achieved international fame in her lifetime , putting Prince Edward Island and Canada on the world literary map .
she published some @number@ short stories and poems and twenty novels before her death in @number@
the Project Gutenberg collection of her short stories was gathered from numerous sources and is presented in chronological publishing order :
short Stories @number@ to @number@
she had milked eight cows and pumped water for the milk-cans afterward in the fag-end of a hot summer day .
she had been thinking it out while she milked the cows in the stuffy little pen behind the barn .
this monthly letter was the only pleasure and stimulant in her life .
she cast aside her milking-dress with a thrill of distaste that tingled to her rosy fingertips .
as she slipped into her blue-print afternoon dress her aunt called to her from below .
Sidney ran out to the dark little entry and leaned over the stair railing .
Sidney sighed and went downstairs for the baby .
it never would have occurred to her to protest or be petulant about it .
she had all her aunt 's sweetness of disposition , if she resembled her in nothing else .
but she did resent having to look after the baby when she wanted to write her letter .
her bed and the cot where the little girls slept filled up almost all the available space .
Sidney hated that mirror as virulently as she could hate anything .
it seemed to her to typify all that was unlovely in her life .
presently she began to write , with a flush of real excitement on her face .
it was certainly letter-writing under difficulties , but Sidney seemed to deal with them mechanically .
her soul and understanding were elsewhere .
often a letter concluded with a request to the club members to correspond with the writer .
it was from John Lincoln of the Bar N Ranch , Alberta .
would she be kind enough to correspond with him ?
life on the Bar N , ten miles from the outposts of civilization , was lonely .
he was two years out from the east , and had not yet forgotten to be homesick at times .
Sidney liked the letter and answered it .
since then they had written to each other regularly .
whatever the faults of Sidney 's romantic visions were , they did not tend to precocious flirtation .
the Plainfield boys , attracted by her beauty and repelled by her indifference and aloofness , could have told that .
she never expected to meet John Lincoln , nor did she wish to do so .
dear Mr Lincoln :
no , no , never !
I enjoy every one of them , every minute of them .
the gift she gave me today was my sunset gallop on my grey mare Lady .
the thrill of it is in my veins yet .
on my right was the harbour , silvered over with a rising moon .
he is not above talking delightful nonsense even to a girl .
I felt as if I were drinking some rare , stimulating mental wine .
a lot of us went for a sail on the harbour .
Mrs Braddon 's house party came too .
we had three big white boats that skimmed down the moonlit channel like great white sea birds .
there was another boat far across the harbour , and the people in it were singing .
one of Mrs Braddon 's guests said to me :
I hadn't thought about him before I hadn't even caught his name in the general introduction .
but he began to talk to me then , and I forgot all about the others .
he talked of books and music , of art and travel .
the man I had been talking with was Paul Moore , the great novelist !
as it was , I had contradicted him twice , and he had laughed and liked it .
it is such meetings as these that give life its sparkle for me .
but much of its abiding sweetness comes from my friendship with Margaret Raleigh .
she is to me mother and sister and wise , clear-sighted friend .
to her I go with all my perplexities and hopes and triumphs .
I love life so much for giving me such a friendship !
this morning I wakened at dawn and stole away to the shore before anyone else was up .
I had a delightful run-away .
all the eastern Heaven was abloom with it .
the rest of the folks were just coming downstairs when I got back to breakfast .
oh , life is so good to live !
tomorrow Uncle James 's new vessel , the White Lady , is to be launched .
but I hear the carriage , and Aunt Jane is calling me .
aunt Jane came home presently and carried away her sleeping baby .
Sidney said her prayers , went to bed , and slept soundly and serenely .
she mailed her letter the next day , and a month later an answer came .
John Lincoln 's letter was short , but the pertinent paragraph of it burned itself into Sidney 's brain .
I am going east for a visit .
Sidney did not sleep that night , but tossed restlessly about or cried in her pillow .
Sidney had never spoken sharply to her aunt before .
the good woman shook her head .
she swallowed the quinine meekly enough , but she worked fiercely all day , hunting out superfluous tasks to do .
any day , any hour , might bring John Lincoln to Plainfield .
what should she do ?
hide from him ?
refuse to see him ?
Sidney trod the way of the transgressor , and found that its thorns pierced to bone and marrow .
everything had come to an end nothing was left to her !
in the untried recklessness of twenty untempered years she wished she could die before John Lincoln came to Plainfield .
the eyes of youth could not see how she could possibly live afterward .
Caleb Williams looked at his guest in bewilderment .
he strode along the road in the warm , ruddy sunshine of early evening .
had the hotel-keeper made a mistake ?
perhaps he had meant some other James Conway .
presently he found himself before the blacksmith 's forge .
he passed down the lane and over the little rustic bridge that spanned the brook .
for a moment they looked at each other across the gate , sheer amazement and bewilderment holding John Lincoln mute .
but how could she be Sidney Richmond ?
Sidney threw out her hands in a burst of passionate protest .
this is my home .
we are poor .
I never thought of such a thing .
so I wrote instead of the life I wanted to live the life I did live in imagination .
and when once I had begun , I had to keep it up .
those letters made that other life seem real to me .
I never expected to meet you .
these last four days since your letter came have been dreadful to me .
oh , please go away and forgive me if you can !
Sidney turned away and hid her burning face against the cool white bark of the birch tree behind her .
it was worse than she had even thought it would be .
oh , what a friend to lose !
John Lincoln opened the gate and went up to her .
after all , those letters were true or , rather , there was truth in them .
this young man was certainly good at understanding .
he bent forward and looked earnestly into her face .
Sidney felt a new , curious , inexplicable thrill at her heart .
uncle Richard stared at him .
I can't live if Laddie goes away .
he is sold , and that is all there is about it .
but Ernest for the first time did not obey .
uncle Richard looked angry , but Aunt Kate hastened to soothe him .
I don't say but that the dog is a good dog .
nothing more was said about Ernest or Laddie .
I had taken no part in the discussion , for I felt no great interest in the matter .
I was spending my vacation at Uncle Richard 's farm on the Nova Scotian Bay of Fundy shore .
uncle Richard nodded .
he was much interested in my new camera .
I started for the shore about two o'clock .
Laddie was a handsome and intelligent black-and-white Newfoundland , with a magnificent coat .
he and Ernest were great chums .
I felt sorry for the boy who was to lose his pet .
Ernest blurted out .
I shook my head .
I knew Uncle Richard too well to hope that .
about three hundred yards from the shore was the peculiar formation known as Island Rock .
this was a large rock that stood abruptly up out of the water .
I pushed Uncle Richard 's small flat down the rough path and rowed out to Island Rock .
arriving there , I thrust the painter deep into a narrow cleft .
this was the usual way of mooring it , and no doubt of its safety occurred to me .
there were no boats visible .
it was now three o'clock .
this was nothing less than the flat , drifting outward around the point .
at first my only feeling was one of annoyance .
then a thought flashed into my mind that made me dizzy with fear .
the tide would be high that night .
if I could not escape from Island Rock I would inevitably be drowned .
I sat down limply on a ledge and tried to look matters fairly in the face .
I looked at my watch .
it was a quarter past three .
I had , then , little more than six hours to live unless rescued .
the flat was by this time out of sight around the point .
that seemed to be my only hope .
no alarm would be felt at Uncle Richard 's because of my non-appearance .
at five the tide began to come in .
with some difficulty I climbed to the top and sat there to await the end .
I had no longer any hope of rescue but , by a great effort , I preserved self-control .
suddenly I heard a whistle .
never was sound so sweet .
the boy started , stopped and looked out towards Island Rock .
it was Ernest 's voice , and it was Laddie who was barking beside him .
the tide will be over the rock in half an hour !
Ernest had by this time reached a narrow ledge of rock just above the water-line .
I noticed that he was carrying something over his arm .
Laddie and I will save you .
I called .
for answer Ernest tied a bit of driftwood to the rope and put it into Laddie 's mouth .
as soon as he came close I caught the rope .
we hurried home and arrived at Uncle Richard 's about ten , just as they were going to bed .
at the breakfast table Uncle Richard scarcely spoke .
henceforth he belongs to you .
I never saw a boy look so happy .
the look in his eyes was almost human .
uncle Richard leaned over and patted him .
you ain't sick now , surely ?
but at what hour of the night do you get up , you wonderful woman ?
or rather do you ever go to bed at all ?
Mrs Emory purred with delight .
I suppose she 'll be all right now since her niece came last night .
I saw her posting to the pond pasture not ten minutes ago .
he was very glad he had risen early .
a miracle was being worked before his very eyes .
overhead the sky was a vast high-sprung arch of unstained crystal .
Murray sprang to his feet and tiptoed cautiously through the maples .
moreover , Mrs Palmer had assured him that Mollie was a very pretty girl .
now a pretty girl milking cows at sunrise in the meadows sounded well .
Mrs Palmer had not over-rated her niece 's beauty .
Murray 's artistic instinct responded to the whole scene with a thrill of satisfaction .
presently she began to sing again , and this time Murray joined in .
that , and the revelation of her full face , decided him .
he sprang over the fence and sauntered across the intervening space of lush clover blossoms .
Mollie looked up at him over her shoulder .
she had glorious grey eyes .
her face was serene and undisturbed .
but I don't mind helping you .
Murray captured a milking stool and rounded up another Jersey .
before sitting down he seemed struck with an idea .
I board at Sweetbriar Cottage , next farm to Orchard Knob .
Murray mentally decided that her voice was the sweetest he had ever heard .
it was amazing that Mrs Palmer 's niece should have such a profile .
it looked as if centuries of fine breeding were responsible for it .
the truth is your tribute .
I never get up early .
it was fate that roused me and brought me here this morning .
Murray discovered that she was tall and that the big blue print apron shrouded a singularly graceful figure .
we will spend it in a walk along the pond shore .
I will show you a path I have discovered under the beeches .
it is just wide enough for two .
the spirit of youth and love hovered over them and they spoke no word .
Murray bent toward her .
Adam must have told Eve just what he thought about her the first time he saw her .
there were no conventionalities in Eden and people could not have taken long to make up their minds .
we are in Eden just now .
one can say what he thinks in Eden without being ridiculous .
you are divinely fair , Eve .
Mollie lowered her eyes and the long fringe of her lashes lay in a burnished semi-circle on her cheek .
but we are not really there , you know we are only playing that we are .
and it is time for me to go back .
and Murray kissed her .
they had passed back over the fern path and were in the pasture before either spoke again .
and although we were only playing at paradise , I was not playing at love .
but that was long ago as long ago as last night .
my parents died when I was a little chap , and my uncle brought me up .
he has been immensely good to me , but he is a bit of a tyrant .
recently he picked out a wife for me the daughter of an old sweetheart of his .
I have never even seen her .
but she has arrived in town on a visit to some relatives there .
uncle Dick wrote to me to return home at once and pay my court to the lady ; I protested .
uncle always means what he says that is one of our family traits , you understand .
I spent some miserable , undecided days .
but it was the thought of alienating Uncle Dick .
I love the dear , determined old chap like a father .
but last night my guardian angel was with me and I decided to remain my own man .
she is merely one of a million other women , as far as I am concerned .
my carefully acquired laziness must be thrown to the winds and I shall work .
that is the rule outside of Eden .
I 've painted pictures that have actually been sold .
after that kiss !
but now you must not come any further with me .
my aunt might not approve .
I will not tell tales out of Eden .
I will be a hypocrite and pretend to Mrs Palmer that we have never met before .
but you and I will know and remember .
now , you may go .
Murray regained outward self-control and bowed to the blushing Mollie .
was she a phantom of delight ?
no , no , phantoms don't milk cows .
she was flesh and blood .
Murray rapidly reflected .
this development , he decided , released him from his promise to tell no tales .
I haven't seen her since she was a child of twelve .
I used to be her nurse before I was married .
Murray had bolted madly out of the house and was striding down the lane .
and now he had lost her !
she would never forgive him ; she had gone without a word or sign .
Murray crossed over to the paling rather grumpily .
he did not want to talk with Mollie Booth just then .
confound it , what did the girl want ?
why was she looking so mysterious ?
Mollie produced a little square grey envelope from some feminine hiding place and handed it over the paling .
but I am immensely obliged to you .
I hope there 's good news in your girl 's letter .
when she had vanished among the trees he opened his letter .
yet I do not dislike audacity , at some times , in some places , in some people .
it is only from a sense of duty that I punish it in this case .
and it was really pleasant in Eden .
Murray kissed the grey letter and put it tenderly away in his pocket .
then he took his letter to his uncle and tore it into tiny fragments .
finally he looked at his watch .
aunt Susanna 's Birthday Celebration
good afternoon , Nora May .
I 'm real glad to see you .
I 've been watching you coming down the hill and I hoping you 'd turn in at our gate .
that 's good .
tell you about it ?
it ain't any breach of confidence .
you didn't know Anne Douglas ?
she taught school here three years ago , afore your folks moved over from Talcott .
she was just a sweet girl .
Anne had yards of brown wavy hair and big , dark blue eyes .
she was a well-spring of joy in the house , and we all loved her .
Gilbert Martin began to drive her the very first week she was here .
Gilbert is my sister Julia 's son , and a fine young fellow he is .
Gil was a great pet of mine .
him and Anne were a fine-looking couple , Nora May .
Anne 's nose was a mite too long and Gil had a crooked mouth .
but they thought an awful lot of each other .
I used to love her for it .
Amanda had a disappointment once and it soured her .
and so it was .
well , he said their love was idyllic , I ain't very sure what that means .
he was never the same man again .
well , to get back to Gilbert and Anne .
when Anne 's school year ended in June she resigned and went home to get ready to be married .
other folks jealous folks made mischief .
Anne was thirty miles away and Gilbert couldn't see her every day to keep matters clear and fair .
the more you love anybody , Nora May , the more he can hurt you .
to be sure , you 're too young to be thinking of such things .
it just about broke his parents ' hearts .
he was their only child and they just worshipped him .
well , last birthday morning I was feeling terrible disperrited .
one was from Anne up at St Mary 's and the other was from Gil out in Manitoba .
I read Anne 's first .
she just struck right into things in the first paragraph .
New dresses !
by the most curious coincidence he had opened his heart to me too .
he wrote that he was going to Klondike and would start in a month 's time .
he was sick of living now that he 'd lost Anne .
I thought real hard .
so I did a mean , dishonourable thing , Nora May .
I sent Anne 's letter to Gilbert and Gilbert 's to Anne .
I asked Emma Matilda to address them , and Emma Matilda did it and asked no questions .
I brought her up that way .
then I settled down to wait .
he arrived home yesterday and last night Anne came to Springdale on her way home from St Mary 's .
they said their new joy was my birthday gift to them .
I don't think anything will happen to prevent this time no quarrelling , anyhow .
those two young creatures have learned their lesson .
you 'd better take it to heart too , Nora May .
what you think about him is of more importance than what they do .
to be sure , you 're too young yet to be thinking of such things at all .
but just mind what old Aunt Susanna told you when your time comes .
Bertie 's New Year
he stood on the sagging doorstep and looked out on the snowy world .
his hands were clasped behind him , and his thin face wore a thoughtful , puzzled look .
the door behind him opened jerkingly , and a scowling woman came out with a pan of dishwater in her hand .
no wonder old Sampson won't keep you longer than the holidays if you 're no smarter than that .
her voice seemed to imply that William John had died of cold several times already .
Bertie looked soberly down at his old , well-darned mittens .
then he suddenly pulled off his mittens and held them out .
it was sunset when Bertie laid an armful of parcels down on the steps of Doctor Forbes 's handsome house .
and she drew her sister out into the hall , where the housekeeper was taking Bertie 's parcels .
Bertie shyly followed her to the kitchen .
he did not know but that the lady might consider it a grave crime to be mittenless .
Bertie shook his head .
Amy was silent from sheer amazement .
I must be going now .
she held out a pair of warm-looking mittens .
I know Papa will say it is all right .
then he hastened home to William John .
he laid his hand on her dark curls inquiringly .
he had no mittens , and his hands were almost frozen .
the doctor laughed .
and this was how it came to pass that Bertie received the next day his first invitation to dine out .
it was with the same expression that he opened the door at home in the evening .
his aunt was stirring some oatmeal mush on the stove .
she spoke sharply .
he caught cold coasting yesterday .
but as I said , please yourself .
the caution came too late .
stop crying , now .
but William John refused to be comforted .
William John had cried until he could cry no more , but he turned around and sobbed .
I 'll go anywhere to please you .
I must be off to the store now .
thus committed , Bertie took his courage in both hands and went .
the next evening at dusk found him standing at Doctor Forbes 's door with a very violently beating heart .
Caroline opened the door and showed him into the parlour , where Edith and Amy were eagerly awaiting him .
but all further remarks were cut short by the entrance of Doctor Forbes .
Bertie patiently reaccounted for William John 's non-appearance .
I suppose you 'll soon be leaving Sampson 's .
Bertie shook his head sorrowfully .
the doctor poked the fire energetically and looked very wise .
but just then the girls came up and carried Bertie off to display their holiday gifts .
and there was a fur cap and a pair of mittens for him !
he wondered whether he was dreaming .
oh , there 's the dinner-bell .
I 'm awfully hungry .
it was a feast to be dated from .
Bertie 's face sobered at once .
he had almost forgotten his responsibilities .
boys have a queer habit of doing that .
I need a boy here to run errands and look after my horse .
you can live here , and go to school .
he could not have eaten another mouthful after such wonderful and unexpected good fortune .
he was not likely to forget .
as he went out Amy came through the hall with a red sled .
I 'll tell William John .
he stepped out .
it was frostier than ever .
he was quite sure he could never forget this wonderful New Year .
it was one of the moist , pleasantly odorous nights of early spring .
they came down the hill together .
Jeffrey caught Sara 's name and paused on the outskirts of the group to listen .
but no doubt she 'll feel pretty lonesome .
there were exclamations of surprise from the other men on hearing this .
he had not known it either .
Pinehurst goes to the oldest male heir .
of course , there 's plenty of money and Sara 'll get that .
but I guess she 'll feel pretty bad at leaving her old home .
Sara ain't as young as she used to be , neither .
let me see she must be thirty-eight .
Christopher shook his head .
probably she 'll go and live in town .
Strange she never married .
Jeffrey swung out of the group and started homeward with his dog .
to stand by and hear Sara Stuart discussed after this fashion was more than he could endure .
the men idly watched his tall , erect figure as he went along the valley .
that ain't natural , you know .
but I must say he 's a good farmer .
ain't it an odd thing he never married ?
he must go to her at once .
but this was different .
perhaps she needed the advice or assistance only he could give .
was it possible that she must leave Pinehurst ?
the thought struck cold dismay to his soul .
how could he bear his life if she went away ?
he had loved Sara Stuart from childhood .
the boy was thrilled with delight .
he thought it a wonderful thing that it had so chanced .
a few days later a message came from Mrs Stuart on the hill to Mrs Miller in the valley .
would she let her little boy go up now and then to play with Sara ?
Sara was very lonely because she had no playmates .
all through their childhood they had been fast friends .
Sara 's parents placed no bar to their intimacy .
they had soon concluded that little Jeff Miller was a very good playmate for Sara .
Sara never went to the district school which Jeff attended ; she had her governess at home .
as for Jeff , he worshipped her and would have done anything she commanded .
he belonged to her from the day they had hunted arbutus on the hill .
when Sara was fifteen she had gone away to school .
Jeff had missed her sorely .
Sara had not forgotten her old friend .
only one thing Jeffrey had found it impossible to contemplate calmly .
but , as the years went by , this thing he dreaded did not happen .
Sara did not marry , although gossip assigned her many suitors not unworthy of her .
she and Jeffrey were always friends , although they met but seldom .
it hurt him , that shadow ; he would have given anything in his power to have banished it .
and now this long friendship was to be broken .
Sara was going away .
at first he had thought only of her pain , but now his own filled his heart .
how could he live without her ?
how could he dwell in the valley knowing that she had gone from the hill ?
never to see her light shine down on him through the northern gap in the pines at night !
Jeffrey groaned aloud .
then his heart rebuked him .
it was dark now , and a few stars were shining in the silvery sky .
there were no lights in it .
it looked like a home left soulless .
Jeffrey went around to the garden door and knocked .
he had expected the maid to open it , put Sara herself came .
he followed her into the room where they had always sat in his rare calls .
Sara lighted the lamp on the table .
perhaps it was the fine patience and serenity in her face that told her tale of years .
youth can never acquire it .
her eyes brightened when she saw the mayflowers he carried .
Jeff smiled .
could he forget ?
but something held him back from speech .
some impulse that would not be denied made him lean over and take her hand .
she left it unresistingly in his clasp .
I shouldn't have said that .
you are my friend , I know , Jeff .
only a woman could fully understand what I mean .
that is how I feel now .
while I had Father to live for it wasn't so hard .
but now there is nothing .
he knew now that he had made a mistake in coming tonight ; he could not help her .
presently he would say something foolish or selfish in spite of himself .
Sara turned her eyes on him .
her eyes , those clear child-eyes , filled with tears .
but just now I have no strength left .
she put her slender hands over her face and sobbed .
every sob cut Jeffrey to the heart .
I never meant to tell you so , but it is the truth .
don't think that I 'm trying to take any advantage of your loneliness and sorrow .
I know I have always known that you are far above me .
but that couldn't prevent my loving you just humbly loving you , asking nothing else .
that 's all .
Sara had turned away her head .
Jeffrey was overcome with contrition .
ah , he had no business to speak so he had spoiled the devotion of years .
who was he that he should have dared to love her ?
silence alone had justified his love , and now he had lost that justification .
she would despise him .
he had forfeited her friendship for ever .
she kept her stately head averted .
oh , Sara , don't be angry !
my love has been reverent and humble .
I have asked nothing .
I ask nothing now but your friendship .
don't take that from me , Sara .
such love as mine ought to anger no woman , Sara .
but you have a right to be angry with me for presuming to put it into words .
I should not have done so but I could not help it .
it rushed to my lips in spite of me .
I should not have let you waste all these years .
oh , I don't shrink from telling you the truth , you see .
you mean too much to me for me to dissemble it .
aunt Emmy smiled .
that was one of the nice things about Aunt Emmy .
she always sympathized and understood .
not a single Christmas present can I give .
and I did so want to give some little thing to each of my dearest people .
Clorinda sighed again .
aunt Emmy smiled .
besides , I don't think I could explain it .
I 'm going into Mr Callender 's store down at Murraybridge in February .
Clorinda flushed .
there was a note in Aunt Emmy 's voice that disturbed her .
and I will be home every Saturday night , you know .
I can help Aunt Mary , too .
it is hard to be poor .
I know it .
I do hope we 'll have snow soon .
wouldn't it be jolly to have a white Christmas ?
Clorinda lived just across the road from Aunt Emmy in a tiny white house behind some huge willows .
but Aunt Mary lived there too the only relative Clorinda had , for Aunt Emmy wasn't really her aunt at all .
Clorinda had always lived with Aunt Mary ever since she could remember .
she was thinking over what Aunt Emmy had said about Christmas gifts and giving .
I 'd love to remember a few of my friends at least .
and there 's Mrs Martin out in Manitoba .
if I could only send her something !
she must be so lonely out there .
I shall never feel the same to her again .
Clorinda stopped short suddenly .
she had just remembered that she would not have liked to say that last sentence to Aunt Emmy .
therefore , there was something wrong about it .
Clorinda puzzled over Aunt Emmy 's meaning for four days and part of three nights .
that is what Mr Grierson would call a paradox , isn't it ?
on Christmas Day , Clorinda went over to Aunt Emmy 's .
it was a faded brown Christmas after all , for the snow had not come .
Aunt Emmy was lying on the sofa before the fire , and Clorinda sat down beside her .
aunt Emmy patted the hand that was in her own .
Clorinda nodded .
I thought of something new every day for a week .
I got over that , though , Aunt Emmy .
now I 'm going to tell you what I did give .
I gave her one of father 's books .
that is , I felt that on second thought .
so I gave it to her , and she understood .
she said it was like being given something out of another 's heart and life .
she married a home missionary , and they are in a lonely part of the west .
well , I wrote her a letter .
I just told her everything that had happened in Greenvale since she went away .
everything bright and funny I could think of went into it .
well , I gave her a whole day .
I took my knitting yesterday , and sat with her the whole time and just talked and talked .
you know , Aunt Emmy , we were always intimate friends until last year .
then Florence once told Rose Watson something I had told her in confidence .
I found it out and I was so hurt .
I told her I wasn't going to Murraybridge , that I just meant to stay home with her .
Clorinda went out and brought her cornery armful in .
there was a rosebush Clorinda 's own pet rosebush all snowed over with fragrant blossoms .
aunt Emmy loved flowers .
she put her finger under one of the roses and kissed it .
they were sitting in that front room , scowling out at the weather .
but what else is there to do ?
Cyrilla , you are supposed to be the brainiest one of us .
prove your claim to such pre-eminence by thinking of some brand-new amusement , especially suited to rainy afternoons .
they 're so full of fun and nice little news .
the reading of one cheers me up for the day .
Cyrilla Blair , what is the matter ?
let's write them the jolliest , nicest letters we can compose and get Nora Jane to take them to their rooms .
you knew she has been awfully nice to us in spite of the oil stove ukase .
that 's six two apiece .
Cyrilla 's sudden enthusiasm for her plan infected the others .
I 'm willing to take anybody but Miss Marshall .
I couldn't write a line to her to save my life .
wouldn't that sour anybody ?
you know it would .
I 'm really sorry for Miss Marshall .
she 's had a very hard life .
Mrs Plunkett told me all about her one day .
I don't think we should mind her biting little speeches and sharp looks .
so she needs a letter most of all .
I 'll write to her , since it 's my suggestion .
besides Miss Marshall , the new music teacher fell to Cyrilla 's share .
Mary drew Mrs Plunkett and the dressmaker , and Carol drew Mrs Johnson and old Mr Grant .
it was dusk when all the letters were finished .
Cyrilla Blair , that big fat letter is never for Miss Marshall !
in the midst of these amiable reflections Miss Marshall heard a knock at her door .
Miss Marshall shut her door and stared at the fat envelope in amazement .
who could have written it ?
the postman came only in the morning .
was it some joke , perhaps ?
those giggling girls ?
before Miss Marshall had finished reading that letter she had cried three times and laughed times past counting .
more tears came at the end happy , tender tears such as Miss Marshall had not shed for years .
something warm and sweet and gentle seemed to thrill to life within her heart .
so those girls were not such selfish , heedless young creatures as she had supposed !
she no longer felt lonely and neglected .
her whole sombre world had been brightened to sunshine by that merry friendly letter .
Mrs Plunkett 's table was surrounded by a ring of smiling faces that night .
all the others declared that they were delighted with their letters all except Miss Marshall .
I was so so lonely and tired and discouraged .
it heartened me right up .
I 'm afraid I have been , too .
when Cyrilla reached the front room she found Mrs Plunkett there .
only do be careful not to set the place on fire .
when the door closed behind Mrs Plunkett the three girls looked at each other .
Dorinda 's Desperate Deed
Mrs Page cried bitterly over that letter and took sad counsel with herself .
in the end she agreed to let Dorinda stay for the summer and Dorinda had never been home since .
aunt Mary had died very suddenly and her only son , Dorinda 's cousin , had gone to Japan .
Mrs Page sighed and said she really did not know what to do .
Dorinda sewed hard and pursed up her red lips determinedly .
I like overcoming difficulties .
however , we will .
his heart is set on going to college and being a doctor like his father .
he believes he could work his way through , if he could only get a start .
but there isn't any chance .
and I can't afford to keep him at school any longer .
he is going into Mr Churchill 's store at Willow Centre in the fall .
Dorinda winked again .
I 've had to keep her home so much to help me with the work .
that 's two .
it is no better than a sieve .
we are nearly drowned every time it rains .
it 's absolutely necessary .
he really ought to .
he is terribly bitter against us .
I have never known the rights of it .
I was too small to understand when I was home before .
what made him our enemy ?
Eugene was a great deal older than your father he was twenty-five when your father was born .
but Eugene never was friendly with your father from that time .
well , your father went away to college and graduated , and then we were married .
grandfather Page was very angry with him for marrying me .
he wanted him to marry somebody else .
he told him he would disinherit him if he married me .
I did not know this until we were married .
but Grandfather Page kept his word .
he sent for a lawyer and had a new will made , leaving everything to Eugene .
Dorinda thought hard and long for the next few days about the capital difficulties .
and I hate the thought of going into a store .
and then Leicester got up and whistled and went to the window and stood with his back to Dorinda .
next day Mrs Page and Leicester went to town on business .
in the afternoon Dorinda put on her best dress and hat and started out .
Oaklawn , where Uncle Eugene lived , was two miles away .
it was a fine old place in beautiful grounds .
Dorinda stood up , dusky and crimson , with brave , glowing eyes .
uncle Eugene looked at her sharply .
but Dorinda remained standing .
it is easier to fight on your feet .
Dorinda sat .
I will send Leicester to college and I shall not ask or expect to be paid back .
jean shall have her music lessons , and a piano to practise them on as well .
the house shall be shingled , and the money for the new dress and coat shall be forthcoming .
I had determined that she must ask me first .
I knew that half the money should have been your father 's by rights .
I was prepared to hand it over to him or his family , if I were asked for it .
but I wished to humble his pride , and the Carter pride , to the point of asking for it .
not a very amiable temper , you will say ?
I admit it .
I am not amiable and I never have been amiable .
you must be prepared to find me very unamiable .
I shall hope and expect to have you visit me often .
if your mother and your brothers and sisters see fit to come with you , I shall welcome them also .
I think that this is all it is necessary to say just now .
Dorinda stayed to tea , since she knew that Jean was at home to attend to matters there .
she and Uncle Eugene got on famously .
you are a Page and I am proud of you .
tell your mother that many things in this life are lost through not asking for them .
the Taunton School had closed for the summer holidays .
Constance was the youngest teacher on the staff , and had charge of the Primary Department .
Miss Channing was the oldest teacher on the staff , and taught the fifth grade .
she was short and stout and jolly ; nothing , not even the iciest reserve , ever daunted Miss Channing .
your whole mental and moral and physical and spiritual system must be out of kilter , my child .
no vacation plans !
you must have vacation plans .
you all have somebody to go to .
Miss Channing swallowed her honest horror at such a state of feeling .
no , never mind trying to smooth it over , Miss Channing .
I 'm getting more bitter and pessimistic and unwholesome every day of my life .
sometimes it seems as if I hated all the world because I 'm so lonely in it .
I 'm nobody .
my mother died when I was born and Father oh , I don't know .
one can't say anything against one 's father , Miss Channing .
but I had a hard childhood or rather , I didn't have any childhood at all .
we were always moving about .
we didn't seem to have any friends at all .
my mother might have had relatives somewhere , but I never heard of any .
I don't even know where her home was .
father never would talk of her .
she gets hard and bitter and resentful I have , anyway .
I struggled against it at first , but it has been too much for me .
it poisons everything .
Constance gave a disagreeable little laugh .
God doesn't mean anything to me , Miss Channing .
there , I 've shocked you in good earnest now .
miss Channing walked on in silence .
she must help Constance , but Constance was not easily helped .
well , I know a place which I am sure you would like .
it is a country place about a hundred miles from here .
Pine Valley is its name .
it 's restful and homey , and the people are so nice .
don't take your morbidness with you .
Constance went to Pine Valley , but she took her evil spirit with her .
you ought to go and see them , they 'd be delighted .
aunt Flora just loves company .
her interest was in the place , not in the people .
they had a niece once , though .
they brought her up and they just worshipped her .
she ran away with a worthless fellow I forget his name , if I ever knew it .
he was handsome and smooth-tongued , but he was a scamp .
they don't even know where she was buried , and they never heard anything more about her husband .
I 've heard that Aunt Flora 's hair turned snow-white in a month .
the quaint old spot had a strange attraction for her .
she must seek shelter somewhere , and Heartsease Farm was the nearest .
dear , dear , you are a little wet .
but we 'll soon dry you .
Constance let herself be put into a cushiony chair and fussed over with an unaccustomed sense of pleasure .
the rain was coming down in torrents , and she certainly was domiciled at Heartsease Farm for the night .
the name of their farm was in perfect keeping with their atmosphere .
constance 's frozen soul expanded in it .
she chatted merrily and girlishly , feeling as if she had known them all her life .
so I 'm going to put you here in Jeannie 's room .
it is so sacred to me .
I keep it just as she left it , not a thing is changed .
when Constance found herself alone in the room , she looked about her with curiosity .
it was a very dainty , old-fashioned little room .
the floor was covered with braided mats ; the two square , small-paned windows were draped with snowy muslin .
there was a little blue rocker and an ottoman with a work-basket on it .
in the work-basket was a bit of unfinished , yellowed lace with a needle sticking in it .
a small bookcase under the sloping ceiling was filled with books .
Constance picked up one and opened it at the yellowing title-page .
she gave a little cry of surprise .
for a moment Constance stood motionless .
then she turned impulsively and hurried downstairs again .
my own dear mother 's room , and I found her name in a book .
and now the mystery is all cleared up , and we are so happy .
she no longer seems dead to me .
he means so much !
I have sent in my resignation .
I am going to stay home with Aunty and Uncle .
it is so sweet to say home and know what it means .
you see , I have lots of vacation plans now , even for a year ahead .
after all , there is no need of the blue pills !
I look back with shame and contrition on the old Constance .
Ida 's New Year Cake
and they were all jolly and thoughtless and very fond of one another .
and not even a holiday I 'll have to go to work just the same .
now Ida here , she doesn't really need sympathy .
yes , we 'll have a jamboree .
Miss Monroe has promised to come in too .
perhaps she doesn't belong anywhere .
there were two Ida Mitchells attending the Clifton Academy .
I was there once on the trail of a book I had lost .
Ida spent the next day decorating her room and watching for the arrival of her cake .
Ida felt that she would be mortified to death .
inquiry at the express office discovered two things .
oh why there 's another Ida Mitchell in town !
the manager thought it very possible , and offered to send around and see .
but Ida said it was on her way home and she would call herself .
the other Ida Mitchell opened the door for her .
I didn't know you were in town .
isn't it a beauty ?
I was feeling so blue and lonesome as if I hadn't a friend in the world .
it has just made the world over for me .
Ida sat down in a chair , feeling bewildered and awkward .
this was a nice predicament !
how could she tell that other Ida that the cake didn't belong to her ?
the poor thing was so delighted .
the big , luxurious cake seemed to emphasize the bareness and loneliness .
when I left her to come to Clifton she told me she would send me a cake for Christmas .
well , I expected that cake last year and it didn't come .
I can't tell you how disappointed I was .
you 'll think me very childish .
but I was so lonely , with no home to go to like the other girls .
but she sent it this year , you see .
it is so nice to think that somebody has remembered me at New Year 's .
it has just made all the difference in the world .
the other Ida cut a generous slice from the cake and passed it to her guest .
her eyes were shining and her cheeks were flushed .
she was really a very sweet-looking little thing not a bit like her usual pale , timid self .
Ida ate the cake slowly .
what was she to do ?
she couldn't tell the other Ida the truth about the cake .
oh , dear , it was too bad .
but it couldn't be helped .
she wouldn't blot out that light on the other Ida 's face for anything !
Ida hoped that speech didn't come under the head of a fib .
I 'm so alone , you see there isn't anybody to care .
father died three years ago , and I don't remember my mother at all .
there is nobody but myself , and it is dreadfully lonely at times .
when the Academy is open and I have my lessons to study , I don't mind so much .
the other Ida blushed with delight .
isn't it odd that we have the same name ?
they are all clerks in stores and some of them are so tired and lonely .
it 's so nice to have a pleasure to share with them .
it means so much to her .
I 'm simply going to make it my business next term to be good friends with the other Ida Mitchell .
and I know what I 'll do !
we all met in the hall , and knocked and knocked .
then she told the whole story .
they had a jolly New Year 's Eve , and Miss Monroe sparkled and entertained most brilliantly .
but Miss Monroe lingered for a moment behind the others to say softly :
but high up their tops were green and caught the saffron light of the west .
he knew now that there had always been a longing in his heart to hear the wind-chant in the firs .
he was a tall man with iron-grey hair and the face of a conqueror strong , pitiless , unswerving .
it told of power and intellect , but the soul of the man was a hidden thing .
the old bond held .
should he go down to it ?
this was the question he asked himself .
where were the ideals of his youth , the lofty aspirations that had upborne him then ?
where might he find them again ?
with the thought came a great yearning for home .
so he had come back to it , drawn by a longing not to be resisted .
but at the last he felt afraid .
there had been many changes , of that he felt sure .
would it still be home ?
no , he would not go down .
he could not enter again into the heritage of boyhood and the heart of youth .
he could not find there the old dreams and hopes that had made life sweet .
he understood that he could not bring back to the old valley what he had taken from it .
his was a name that stood for millions , but he was beggared of hope and purpose .
no , he would not go down .
there was no one left there , unchanged and unchanging , to welcome him .
he would be a stranger there , even among his kin .
she had laughed and sighed and caught him to her heart .
he had lived on the homestead until he was twenty .
but his heart was not in his work .
he wanted to go beyond the hills and seek what he knew must be there .
he longed for conflict and accomplishment .
he felt power and desire and the lust of endeavour stirring in him .
oh , to go over the hills to a world where men lived !
when his mother died he sold the farm to his cousin , Stephen Marshall .
he supposed it still belonged to him .
there had been Joyce .
when he left home he had meant to go back to her some day .
they had parted without pledge or kiss , yet he knew she loved him and that he loved her .
at first they corresponded , then the letters began to grow fewer .
it was his fault ; he had gradually forgotten .
the new , fierce , burning interests that came into his life crowded the old ones out .
boyhood 's love was scorched up in that hot flame of ambition and contest .
now , again , he remembered as he looked down on the homeland fields .
down in the valley the lights began to twinkle out here and there like earth-stars .
he would wait until he saw the kitchen light from the window of his old home .
then he would go .
he felt anxious and dissatisfied , as if he could not go away until he had seen it .
when it was quite dark he descended the hill resolutely .
he must know why the homelight had failed him .
this was what he had come back to this ghost and wreck of his past !
oh , bitterness !
after a long time he went over to it and knocked at the door .
Cuthbert was obliged to tell who he was .
he was made instantly and warmly welcome .
the boys and girls , too , soon made friends with him .
he spent it wandering about the farm and the old haunts of wood and stream .
yet he could not find himself .
he asked Stephen fully about all his old friends and neighbours with one exception .
the question was on his lips a dozen times , but he shrank from uttering it .
he walked slowly and dreamily , with his eyes on the far hills scarfed in the splendour of sunset .
the stile he remembered was gone , replaced by a little rustic gate .
she had not changed ; he realized that in the first amazed , incredulous glance .
she smiled and put out her hand .
she coloured slightly and pulled away her hands , laughing .
I have grown old .
come into the house , Cuthbert .
I want to make sure that this is no dream .
if I had known you were here !
I am much wiser now than I was once , Joyce .
I have learned wisdom beyond the hills .
one learns there in time but sometimes the lesson is learned too late .
shall I tell you what I have learned , Joyce ?
but that is not success , Joyce .
he was silent , remembering that he had forfeited all right to her help in the quest .
hers was the master word , but how should he dare ask her to utter it ?
they walked among the firs until the stars came out , and they talked of many things .
she had kept her freshness of soul and her ideals untarnished .
her native hills bounded the vision of her eyes , but the outlook of the soul was far and unhindered .
oh , fool and blind that he had been !
when darkness came down through the firs he told her all this , haltingly , blunderingly , yearningly .
can you forgive my mistake , my long blindness ?
it would have left life too empty .
if he did , I don't see what you 're lugging that big portfolio along with you for .
Jane Lavinia obeyed .
she always obeyed Aunt Rebecca .
but she took off the chiffon hat and pinned on the sailor with bitterness of heart .
she had always hated that sailor .
it jarred on Jane Lavinia 's artistic instincts .
besides , it was very unbecoming .
Just then Jane Lavinia had a soul above hats .
she looked at herself in the glass and nodded with friendliness .
Jane Lavinia smiled radiantly into the little cracked glass .
just then she was pretty , with the glow on her cheeks and the sparkle in her eyes .
her uncertainly tinted hair and an all-too-certain little tilt of her nose no longer troubled her .
such things did not matter ; nobody would mind them in a successful artist .
Jane Lavinia sat down by her window , which looked west into a grove of firs .
aunt Rebecca sniffed at them and deplored the driving of tacks into the plaster .
all the other girls in Chestercote made rugs and tidies and afghans .
why must Jane Lavinia keep messing with ink and crayons and water colours ?
there was something in her that demanded expression thus .
she indulged in some harmless manoeuvring which , with the aid of good-natured Mrs Whittaker , was crowned with success .
Jane Lavinia sighed .
I 'm not afraid of any amount of work .
after what Mr Stephens said , I believe I could work twenty hours out of the twenty-four .
Jane Lavinia sighed in luxurious renunciation .
Jane Lavinia , with her head on the window sill , looked out into the sunset splendour and dreamed .
Jane Lavinia started up guiltily ; she had forgotten all about the cows .
Jane Lavinia made no response .
the air was moist and sweet .
Jane Lavinia lingered , in spite of Aunt Rebecca 's hurry , to look at it .
so it won't cost much .
Jane Lavinia 's breath gave out with a gasp of suspense .
aunt Rebecca turned and went into the house .
her eyes were swollen the next morning , but she was not sulky .
Jane Lavinia never sulked .
she did her morning 's work faithfully , although there was no spring in her step .
Jane Lavinia opened her eyes .
I 'll give you all the money I can spare .
and with that it was settled .
she felt few regrets at leaving Chestercote .
Jane Lavinia had never thought that Aunt Rebecca had any affection for her .
Jane Lavinia would have given love for love unstintedly , but she never supposed that Aunt Rebecca loved her .
on the morning of departure Jane Lavinia was up and ready early .
Jane Lavinia cried when she said good-by , but Aunt Rebecca did not cry .
if only Aunt Rebecca had been a little sorry !
then she stopped in dismay .
Jane Lavinia hurried down the lane and back to the house .
oh , what shall I do ?
and she didn't care she was glad to go glad to get away .
well , it ain't any wonder .
I 've always been too cranky with her .
but I loved her so much all the time , and I was so proud of her !
I liked her picture-making real well , even if I did complain of her wasting her time .
Jane Lavinia listened with a face from which all the sparkle and excitement had gone .
aunt Rebecca was sorry Aunt Rebecca did love her after all !
Jane Lavinia turned and walked noiselessly away .
when she reached Mr Whittaker 's , everybody was out in the yard ready to start .
I 'm very sorry , and very grateful to you , Mr Stephens , but I can't leave Aunt Rebecca .
Mrs Stephens said nothing , but frowned coldly .
Mr Stephens looked honestly regretful .
nobody knew just what she meant , but they all understood the firmness of her tone .
then Jane Lavinia went home .
she found Aunt Rebecca washing the breakfast dishes , with the big tears rolling down her face .
they 've gone without me .
I am not going to New York I don't want to go .
for a moment Aunt Rebecca stared at her .
then she stepped forward and flung her arms about the girl .
the headlands and coves were blurred by a purple heat haze .
a couple of dories floated below them .
a young man was standing by the skids , watching the fishing boats through a spyglass .
presently three people came down the steep path from the fish-houses .
one of them , a girl , ran lightly forward and touched Benjamin Selby 's arm .
he lowered his glass with a start and looked around .
a flash of undisguised delight transfigured his face .
I didn't expect you 'd be down this hot day .
I had her fresh painted last week .
the girl stepped daintily off the rocks into the little cream-coloured skiff , and Benjamin untied the rope and pushed off .
Benjamin smiled and promised .
he was rowing along with the easy grace of one used to the oar .
there was no better skipper alongshore than Benjamin Selby .
Mary Stella waved her hand gaily to the two men on the rocks .
Benjamin looked back darkly .
she made Frank come down here this summer and hunt us up .
he is splendid , I think .
Benjamin made no response .
he pulled in his oars and let the dory float amid the ripples .
the bottom of white sand , patterned over with coloured pebbles , was clear and distinct through the dark-green water .
Mary Stella leaned over to watch the distorted reflection of her face by the dory 's side .
some of the Rustler boats caught six hundred to a line yesterday .
Mary Stella began absently to dabble her slender brown hand in the water .
he could not recall the time when he had not loved Mary Stella .
it seemed to him that she had always been a part of his inmost life .
he loved her with the whole strength and fidelity of a naturally intense nature .
he hoped that she loved him , and he had no rival that he feared .
but today he felt faintly disturbed .
in some strange , indefinable way it seemed to him that Mary Stella was different from her usual self .
the impression was vague and evanescent gone before he could decide wherein the difference lay .
presently Mary Stella said it was time to go back .
Benjamin was in no hurry , but he never disputed her lightest inclination .
he turned the dory about and rowed shoreward .
Mr Murray and Braithwaite were standing by the skids , watching the dory .
I don't know a finer man every way you take him .
Braithwaite 's expression changed slightly .
he walked over to the dory and helped Mary Stella out of it while Benjamin made the painter fast .
when the latter turned , Mary Stella was walking across the rocks with her cousin .
Benjamin 's blue eyes darkened , and he strode moodily over to the boats .
they 've tried it before this afternoon .
Braithwaite came over , and Mr Murray put one hand on his shoulder and one on Benjamin 's .
Benjamin , this is Frank Braithwaite .
while Mr Murray was speaking , the two men looked steadily at each other .
Braithwaite was the first to speak .
he put out his hand with easy cordiality .
Benjamin took the proffered hand with restraint .
I never saw mackerel caught before .
he turned abruptly and went back to his boat .
Leon and Pete !
two more French Canadians came running down from the Murray fish-house , where they had been enjoying a siesta .
they fished in the Murray boat .
the boats were quickly launched and glided out from the shadow of the cliffs .
Benjamin stood at his mast .
his jealousy was forgotten for the moment and he felt that he had been churlish to Braithwaite .
Frank Braithwaite went out fishing the next day and caught @number@ mackerel .
he was boyishly proud of it .
he visited the shore daily after that and soon became very popular .
one evening the loaded boats came in at sunset .
Braithwaite 's back was to Benjamin ; he held the girl 's hand in his and was talking earnestly .
Mary Stella was looking up at him , her delicate face thrown back a little .
it was all real and yet unreal .
Benjamin went to work mechanically .
presently Mary Stella came down to her father 's boat .
Braithwaite followed slowly , pausing a moment to exchange some banter with saucy Mosey Louis .
it was late when they finished .
he leaned against a huge boulder and laid his head on his arm , looking up into the dark sky .
when Benjamin lifted his head he saw Frank Braithwaite standing between him and the luminous water .
Benjamin clenched his hands and fought down a hideous temptation to thrust his rival off the rock .
I hate you .
you don't know what you are saying .
if I have wronged you , I swear I did it unintentionally .
I loved Stella from the first who could help it ?
but I thought she was virtually bound to you , and I did not try to win her away .
you don't know what it cost me to remain passive .
I took it .
Benjamin turned on him with sudden passion .
don't let her come to the shore after this .
August throbbed and burned itself out .
Braithwaite seldom came to the shore now .
Mr Murray had tried to speak of the matter , but Benjamin would not let him .
the older man regretted the turn of affairs .
one afternoon Benjamin stood by his boat and looked anxiously at sea and sky .
the French Canadians were eager to go out , for the other boats were catching .
they launched the boat speedily ; as there was no wind , they had to row .
as they pulled out , Braithwaite and Leon came down the road and began to launch the Murray boat .
the mackerel bit well , but Benjamin kept a close watch on the sky .
suddenly he saw a dark streak advancing over the water from the northwest .
he wheeled around .
she lurched and staggered .
the water was tossing choppily .
there was a sudden commotion all through the fleet and sails went rapidly up .
Benjamin was halfway to the shore before the sail went up in the Murray boat .
Benjamin looked back anxiously .
every boat was making for the shore .
the gale was steadily increasing .
he had his doubts about making a landing himself , and Braithwaite would be twenty minutes later .
Benjamin had landed and was hauling up his boat when Mr Murray came running down the road .
the other boats had all got in with more or less difficulty .
the Murray boat alone was out .
men came scurrying along the shore in frightened groups of two and three .
Mr Murray was half beside himself .
the boat was now about @number@ yards from the shore .
as he spoke , the boat capsized .
Mr Murray sprang toward Benjamin 's boat , but one of the men held him back .
Braithwaite and Leon were clinging to the boat .
there was a bare chance and a great risk .
this man whom he hated was drowning before his eyes .
let him drown , then !
the temptation and victory passed in a few brief seconds .
he stepped forward , cool and self-possessed .
I want one man with me .
no one with child or wife .
Benjamin offered no objection .
the French Canadian 's arm was strong and he possessed skill and experience .
Mr Murray caught Benjamin 's arm .
Benjamin gently loosed the old man 's hold .
Benjamin did not lose his nerve .
his quick arm , his steady eye did not fail .
it was easier to come back , for they beached the boat on the sand .
Benjamin went home before anyone knew he had gone .
Braithwaite came to the shore next day somewhat pale and shaky .
he went straight to Benjamin and held out his hand .
Benjamin bent lower over his work .
but I went out for Mary Stella 's sake .
tell me one thing I couldn't bring myself to ask it of anyone else .
Benjamin did not wince .
he turned away and looked out across the sea for a few moments .
the last agony of his great renunciation was upon him .
then he turned and held out his hand .
Frank Braithwaite put his slender white hand into the fisherman 's hard brown palm .
there were tears in both men 's eyes .
they parted in silence .
on the morning of the 12th of September Benjamin Selby went out to the fishing grounds as usual .
in the afternoon the French Canadians went to sleep .
Benjamin intended to row down the shore for salt .
the honest blue eyes looking out over the sea did not falter ; bravely he faced his desolate future .
after the first blank stare of amazement , both laughed outright .
Millicent held out her hand .
worth shook her head .
both girls were slight , with dark-brown hair , blue eyes and fair complexions .
but Millicent had more colour than Worth .
but still , the resemblance between them was very striking .
in disposition they were also very similar .
both were merry , fun-loving girls , fond of larks and jokes .
we had the jolliest tramp .
worth smiled ruefully .
I 'm poor .
I simply have to pass my exams and get a teacher 's licence .
so I can't afford to take any chances .
time enough for that when exams draw nigh .
but I 'm in a bit of a predicament , Worth , and I don't know what to do .
here are two invitations for Saturday afternoon and I simply must accept them both .
you 're a marvel at mathematics so work out that problem for me .
she called on me soon after the term opened and invited me to tea the next week .
but I had another engagement for that afternoon , so couldn't go .
Mr Kirby is a business friend of Dad 's , and they are very nice people .
the other invitation is to the annual autumn picnic of the Alpha Gammas .
now , Worth Gordon , I simply must go to that .
I wouldn't miss it for anything .
mother will be fearfully annoyed at me in that case .
worth , you must go to tea at Beechwood Saturday afternoon in my place .
they 'll think you are my very self .
they 'll never know the difference .
why , it 'll be a regular lark , the best little joke ever !
and you 'll oblige me immensely besides .
it would be a lark just at that time Worth did not see it in any other light .
besides , she wanted to oblige Millicent , who coaxed vehemently .
finally , Worth yielded and promised Millicent that she would go to Beechwood in her place .
Saturday afternoon Worth got ready to keep Millicent 's engagement .
we 're not intimate enough for anything else .
worth 's courage carried her successfully through the ordeal of arriving at Beechwood and meeting Mrs Kirby .
she was unsuspectingly accepted as Millicent Moore , and found her impersonation of that young lady not at all difficult .
no dangerous subject of conversation was introduced and nothing personal was said until Mr Kirby came in .
her face was uncomfortably flushed and she was glad when tea was announced .
it was not fear she was not at all afraid of betraying herself now .
it had even been easier than she had expected .
then what was it ?
suddenly Worth flushed again .
she was a guest in that house as an impostor !
what would her host and hostess say if they knew ?
worth never forgot that evening .
she was thankful when the time came to leave .
something in her chum 's expression alarmed her .
they think I am what I pretended to be Millicent Moore .
it wasn't right .
it was mean and wrong .
I 've done harm to myself , for one thing .
I 've lost my self-respect .
I don't blame you , Millie .
it 's all my own fault .
Millicent sighed .
I wish I had gone to Beechwood .
I didn't think about it 's being a practical falsehood before .
I suppose it was .
and I 've always prided myself on my strict truthfulness !
it wasn't your fault , Worth !
it was mine .
she couldn't help thinking of it .
a dishonourable trick !
that thought stung Millicent .
Monday evening Millicent flung down the book from which she was vainly trying to study .
you were right .
when the girls reached Beechwood , they were shown into the library where the family were sitting .
Mrs Kirby came smilingly forward to greet Millicent when her eyes fell upon Worth .
at the mention of Worth 's name , Mr Kirby started slightly , but nobody noticed it .
Millicent went on in a trembling voice .
I 'm sure you 'll think it dreadful , but we didn't mean any harm .
then Millicent , with burning cheeks , told the whole story and asked to be forgiven .
Mrs Kirby had listened in amazed silence , but now she laughed .
but I can make allowances for schoolgirl pranks .
I think you have learned your lesson .
both of you must just sit down and spend the evening with us .
everybody exclaimed and for a few moments they all talked and questioned together .
then Mr Kirby explained fully .
when I was three years old , my mother died .
worth went to live with our mother 's only living relative , an aunt .
my father and I removed to another section of the country .
I never saw her again and eventually lost trace of her .
many years later I endeavoured to find out her whereabouts .
there is no doubt that you are her daughter .
they had a wonderful evening , talking and questioning and explaining .
Mr Kirby declared that Worth must come and live with them .
Mrs Kirby seconded this with a cordiality that won Worth 's affection at once .
the girl felt almost bewildered by her happiness .
hasn't it all turned out strangely ?
the Blue North Room
I have endured all the rest .
she writes that she is very lonesome .
nothing ever bothered Ray .
where are we to put her ?
it 's full to overflowing with her belongings now , and Aunt Josephina will bring two trunks at least .
we could put Aunt Josephina there , but where will she sleep ?
where will she wash her face ?
you must write the letter , Ray .
she used to say she knew there was always a welcome for her at Maple Hollow .
at twilight Sara decided to walk up the lane and meet Willard .
Sara thought there was nobody in the world as good and dear as Willard .
the world looked very dull and dispirited , and Sara sighed .
she could not help thinking of the dark side of things just then .
and Ray ought to go to college .
if he could just have a year there he could teach and earn his own way through college .
Sara sighed again .
she was only eighteen , but she felt very old .
Willard was nineteen , and Willard had never had a chance to be young .
sometimes , as now , they pressed very heavily , but a talk with Willard always heartened her up .
when one got downhearted the other was always ready to do the cheering up .
he pulled up , and Sara climbed into the wagon .
but it 's the only thing to do if we must have Aunt Josephina .
I 'll get Ray to write to her tomorrow .
Ray came in while Willard was at supper .
there were cobwebs all over him from his head to his heels .
it will be rather old-fashioned , but then it 's Hobson 's choice .
there are the pieces of an old bed out in the loft , and they can be put together .
it won't do to put anything modern with those old things .
one would kill the other .
it was .
the north room was already papered with a blue paper of an old-fashioned stripe-and-diamond pattern .
the rag carpet was put down , and the braided rugs laid on it .
on the washstand Sara placed a quaint old basin and ewer which had been Grandma Sheldon 's .
I believe that table and those drawers are solid mahogany .
cleaning them has made such a difference .
aunt Josephina didn't .
but the rich folks have gone cracked over them .
she says it 's her hobby , and she spends a heap on it .
but she did not forget what Aunt Josephina had said .
the winter passed away .
aunt Josephina plainly enjoyed her visit , whatever the Sheldons felt about it .
in March her son returned , and Aunt Josephina went home to him .
for a week she looked so mysterious that Willard and Ray could not guess what she was plotting .
at the end of that time Mrs Stanton came .
Mrs Stanton always declared afterwards that the mere sight of that blue north room gave her raptures .
such a find !
when Willard and Ray came home to tea Sara was sitting on the stairs counting her wealth .
she wanted those too , but I couldn't part with them .
there is nothing we want so much as to give you a college start .
it is an enormous burden off my mind to think it is so nicely provided for .
the speaker was my chum , Frank Ward .
it was getting late and we wished to go home .
Enderly Road was a miserable little settlement straggling back from Blackburn Hill .
it was a forsaken looking place , and the people , as a rule , were poor and shiftless .
presently Frank and I came out on the Enderly Road .
we sat on the fence a few minutes to rest and discuss our route home .
she was a pale , pinched little thing , and her jacket and red hood seemed very old and thin .
I am crying because we can't have the school decorated on Monday for the examination , after all .
they are the only big boys in the school .
by dint of questioning Frank soon found out the whole story .
the semi-annual public examination was to be held on Monday afternoon , the day before Christmas .
for this it was necessary to ask the help of the boys .
Matt just makes all the boys do as he says .
so , having thanked her , we left her to pursue her disconsolate way and betook ourselves homeward .
it was dark when we reached the Enderly Road schoolhouse .
hence , mysterious lights in it at strange hours would not be likely to attract attention .
our basket was full of mottoes made from letters cut out of cardboard and covered with lissome sprays of fir .
they were , moreover , adorned with gorgeous pink and red tissue roses , which Carrie and Mabel had contributed .
we swept up the litter we had made , and then scrambled out of the window .
we decided to do so , and also thought of something else .
snow fell all day Sunday , so that , on Monday morning , sleighs had to be brought out .
our arrival created quite a sensation for , as a rule , Blackburn Hillites did not patronize Enderly Road functions .
the side benches were lined with Enderly Road parents , and all the pupils were in their best attire .
Maggie and Minnie , in particular , covered themselves with glory , both in class and on the platform .
wonderful things came out of that basket .
in the confusion Santa Claus discreetly disappeared , and school was dismissed .
oh , it was such fun .
Minnie nodded gravely .
evidently Maggie did the talking in their partnership .
there was always a better feeling between the Roaders and the Hillites thereafter .
the Dissipation of Miss Ponsonby
we hadn't been very long in Glenboro before we managed to get acquainted with Miss Ponsonby .
her father wouldn't let her .
no , it simply happened because her window was right across the alleyway from ours .
patchwork seemed to be Miss Ponsonby 's sole and only dissipation of any kind .
we guessed her age to be forty-five at least , but we found out afterward that we were mistaken .
she was only thirty-five .
but then I doubt if Miss Ponsonby had any idea what her nose was really like .
I don't believe she ever looked at herself critically in a mirror in her life .
then Jerry , whose name is Geraldine only in the family Bible , talked to her about the weather .
in five minutes she had performed a miracle she had made Miss Ponsonby laugh .
at the end of a quarter of an hour they were exchanging confidences about their favourite books .
Jerry was a confirmed Kiplingomaniac , but Miss Ponsonby adored Laura Jean Libbey .
her meekness fairly infuriated Jerry .
but we liked Miss Ponsonby and we pitied her .
we never asked to see the poetry , although I think she would have liked to show it .
but , as Jerry says , there are limits .
Jerry and I met him at a party at his brother-in-law 's .
in that dim light she looked quite pretty .
it seemed odd , somehow , to think of Miss Ponsonby as young and pretty .
she seemed so essentially middle-aged and faded .
Miss Ponsonby didn't say anything for a few moments .
Jerry and I are as bad as the rest .
presently she got up and went away from her window .
deserted even by Miss Ponsonby , I went grumpily to bed .
then Mrs George Hubbard gave a big dance .
Jerry and I were pleasantly excited .
on the evening of the party Jerry and I went to our room to dress .
I had never seen Miss Ponsonby cry before .
I called out softly and anxiously .
Jerry had to dodge behind the curtain to hide a smile .
I whispered to Jerry .
he was a delightful sort of person , that old Mr Ponsonby .
Jerry poked her head as far as she could out of the window .
I had a frantic vision of Miss Ponsonby scrambling down that acacia tree like an eloping damsel .
but Jerry was in dead earnest , and really it was quite possible if Miss Ponsonby only thought so .
I did not believe she would think so , but I was mistaken .
but another obstacle presented itself .
I listened to her with amazement .
miss Ponsonby 's long habit of obedience to whatever she was told stood her in good stead now .
she obeyed Jerry without another word .
I demanded sternly .
she 's about my height and figure .
come on now , Elizabeth .
they wouldn't have stood daylight , but they looked all right after night .
as we left the room I caught up some pale pink roses on my table .
there were possibilities in Miss Ponsonby .
in two more minutes they were both safe in our room .
then Jerry threw off Miss Ponsonby 's wraps and stepped back .
I know I stared until my eyes stuck out of my head .
was that Miss Ponsonby that !
the excitement had flushed her cheeks into positive pinkness and her eyes were starry .
the roses were pinned on her shoulder .
I gasped .
the name slipped out quite naturally .
I never thought about it at all .
Miss Ponsonby was breathless with terror .
she was sure every footstep she heard behind her was her father 's in pursuit .
she almost fainted on the spot when a belated man came tearing along the street .
Jerry and I breathed a sigh of devout thanksgiving when we found ourselves safely in the Hubbard parlour .
we were early , but Stephen Shaw was there before us .
he came up to us at once , and just then Miss Ponsonby turned around .
Jerry and I just simply melted away .
we can see through grindstones when there are holes in them !
we went out and sat down on the stairs .
now that I come to think of it , the first night he called he asked me about her .
I 'm afraid I made a little mild fun of her , and he didn't say anything more .
well , I 'm awfully glad now that I didn't fall in love with him .
Miss Ponsonby 's appearance at the Hubbards ' party was the biggest sensation Glenboro had had for years .
and in her way , she was a positive belle .
Miss Ponsonby gave a little , shy , nervous laugh .
Stephen was poor then .
but it broke my heart .
Jerry never scruples to ask anything right out that she wants to know .
but he said tonight he had never thought of any other woman .
Stephen is a rich man now , you know .
that wouldn't make any difference with me but Father is very practical .
I persisted anxiously .
the Falsoms ' Christmas Dinner
then Alexina sighed .
I am thankful .
and I don't mind so very much about my music .
you don't know what unsuspected talents I may develop along that line .
Alexina said nothing .
her separation from Stephen was the one point in their fortunes she could not bear to discuss .
there were times when Alexina did not see how she was going to exist without Stephen .
but she never said so to him .
she thought he had enough to worry him without her making matters worse .
day after tomorrow is Christmas .
are we going to celebrate it at all ?
Alexina looked thoughtful .
we 're short of money , you know , and the fund is dwindling every day .
don't you think it 's a little extravagant to have a turkey for two people ?
and somehow I don't feel a bit Christmassy .
but she had to cry a little .
as she had said , everything was so different from what it had been a year ago .
there had been no mother there since Alexina 's birth sixteen years ago .
Stephen was a clever boy and intended to study medicine .
Alexina had a good voice , and something was to be done about training it .
the Tracys lived next door to them .
Duncan Tracy was Stephen 's particular chum , and Josephine Tracy was Alexina 's dearest friend .
in June the firm of which Mr Falsom was a member failed .
this proved impossible .
to make matters worse , Duncan Tracy and Stephen had quarrelled in October .
it was only a boyish disagreement over some trifle , but bitter words had passed .
Alexina had taken Stephen 's part and her manner to Josie assumed a tinge of coldness .
each blamed the other and cherished bitterness in her heart .
when Stephen came home from the post office he looked excited .
and I ordered the turkey after all .
uncle James has invited himself here to dinner on Christmas Day .
Alexina read the letter in a maze .
that was all .
but Alexina instantly saw a future of rosy possibilities .
a little thing may turn the scale either way .
anyway , we must have a good dinner for him .
there was so much to do .
a favourable impression must be made .
Stephen 's whole future Alexina did not think about her own at all just then might depend on it .
Christmas morning came , fine and bright and warm .
Alexina was up at daybreak , cleaning and decorating at a furious rate .
by eleven o'clock everything was finished or going forward briskly .
the plum pudding was bubbling in the pot , the turkey Burton 's plumpest was sizzling in the oven .
the shelf in the pantry bore two mince pies upon which Alexina was willing to stake her culinary reputation .
and Stephen had gone to the train to meet Uncle James .
from her kitchen window Alexina could see brisk preparations going on in the Tracy kitchen .
in spite of her hurry and excitement Alexina found time to sigh .
last Christmas Josie and Duncan had come over and eaten their dinner with them .
but now last Christmas seemed very far away .
and Josie had behaved horridly .
Alexina was quite clear on that point .
then Stephen came with Uncle James .
uncle James was a rather pompous , fussy old man with red cheeks and bushy eyebrows .
Alexina soon left Uncle James and Stephen talking in the parlour and betook herself anxiously to the kitchen .
she felt sure that Stephen was making a favourable impression .
Just at this moment Stephen stuck his head in at the hall door .
she was ten minutes finding it .
then , remembering her pies , she flew back to the kitchen .
in the middle of the floor she stopped as if transfixed , staring at the table .
the turkey was gone .
and the plum pudding was gone !
and the mince pies were gone !
nothing was left but the platters !
for a moment Alexina refused to believe her eyes .
Alexina did not make a fuss .
even at that horrible moment she remembered the importance of making a favourable impression .
oh , what shall we do ?
the Falsom house was right at the end of the street .
the narrow backyard opened on a lonely road .
across the road was a stretch of pine woods .
Stephen reached this conclusion with a bound .
he ran out to the yard gate followed by the distracted Alexina .
Stephen leaped over the gate and tore down the road in pursuit of him .
Alexina went back to the doorstep , sat down upon it , and began to cry .
she couldn't help it .
her hopes were all in ruins around her .
there was no dinner for Uncle James .
Josephine Tracy saw her crying .
now , Josie honestly thought that she had a grievance against Alexina .
for a moment Josie hesitated .
but before she could speak Stephen returned , looking rueful .
that man was only old Mr Byers , and he had seen no signs of a tramp .
there is a trail of grease right across the road .
the tramp must have taken directly to the woods .
let us lend it to you .
Alexina flushed and hesitated .
Stephen coloured too .
Josie headed it , carrying a turkey on a platter .
Alexina came next with a plum pudding .
Stephen and Duncan followed with a hot mince pie apiece .
and in a few more minutes Alexina gravely announced to Uncle James that dinner was ready .
the dinner was a pronounced success , marked by much suppressed hilarity among the younger members of the party .
uncle James ate very heartily and seemed to enjoy everything , especially the mince pie .
but Josie frowned her into silence .
your mince pies are better than mine , if it comes to that .
it might have spoiled everything if you 'd said a word .
I must go home now .
won't you and Stephen come over after your uncle goes , and spend the evening with us ?
you 're coming to live with me , both of you .
as for you , Alexina , Stephen tells me you can sing .
well , there 's a good Conservatory of Music in town .
she jumped up , put her arms about Uncle James ' neck and kissed him .
isn't she a brick ?
I 'm glad that tramp stole the dinner and I hope he enjoyed it .
you 've won the Fraser .
yes , he had won the Fraser Scholarship .
his name headed the list of seven competitors .
I said you 'd do it , my boy .
who 'd have thought slow-going old Kay would have pulled up so well ?
Whew ! what a drop !
Just saved his distance .
they seized the opportunity to escape .
I couldn't have come back next year if I hadn't got it .
he liked Elliott Campbell , and so did all the Sophomores .
yet none of them was at all intimate with him .
he had no chums , as the other boys had .
his success seemed to have thawed his reserve for the time being .
we want to keep all our stars with us to make a shining coruscation at the finish .
besides , you know we all like you for yourself .
it would have been an everlasting shame if that little cad of a McLean had won out .
you forget the most important part of all .
as it happened , I never talked the matter over with anyone or heard it referred to .
it 's all right , anyway .
their only hope was that you would both fall below seventy .
it 's an absurd condition , but there it is in old Professor Fraser 's will .
he was rich and had no family .
so he left a number of bequests to the college on ordinary conditions .
I suppose he thought he might humour his whim in one .
well , here 's my street .
he had no right to the Fraser Scholarship .
they returned to their native province of Nova Scotia and settled in a small country village .
on his deathbed he asked Elliott to retain his name .
Elliott fought a hard battle that spring evening .
you made the highest marks and you ought to be the winner .
besides , you need the money and he doesn't .
for it would be stained , even though nobody but myself knew it .
the tempter was not silenced so easily as that .
but next day he went to Marwood and asked for a private interview with the president .
it was good to have done the right thing and be able to look your conscience in the face .
he was young and strong and could work his own way through Marwood in time .
he was not , however .
the next afternoon he received a summons to the president 's office .
I disapproved of it because she married a very poor man .
she slipped her arm through Elliott 's and turned to the sympathetic president with shining eyes .
so Elliott Hanselpakker Campbell came back to Marwood the next year after all .
something very strange happened the night old Mr Lawrence died .
I did not dream it ....v
I saw and heard , waking .
we had not expected Mr Lawrence to die then .
the big house was quiet , the servants going about their work as usual , without any appearance of excitement .
it was an evening in June .
in places under the big trees it was quite dark even then .
one night during his convalescence I had watched by him to relieve the nurse .
he had been sleepless and talkative , telling me many things about his life .
she had wonderful pale-golden hair and dark-brown eyes .
I have a little ivory miniature of her .
when I die it is to be given to you , Jeanette .
I held her in my arms .
she solemnly promised , Jeanette .
we made a death-tryst of it .
he had fallen asleep then and after his recovery he had not alluded to the matter again .
she had been a sister of my grandfather , and people told me that I resembled her slightly .
perhaps that was why old Mr Lawrence had always made such a pet of me .
presently the doctor came out and nodded to me cheerily .
I asked him how Mr Lawrence was .
the attack was very slight .
yes , of course you may go in .
Mrs Stewart , Mr Lawrence 's sister , was in the sickroom when I went in .
at the end of the doctor 's half-hour I rose to go .
I promised to come up again on the morrow and went out .
it was the clearest , whitest night I ever saw .
I went along it , enjoying the night .
she stood in the full moonlight and I saw her distinctly .
she was tall and slight and her head was bare .
her face was very lovely and her eyes large and dark .
even at the time I found myself wondering where she could have picked it .
it was not a Woodlands rose .
all the Woodlands roses were smaller and less double .
as I opened the gate I felt an odd chill of positive fear .
then she smiled as if I had spoken my thought .
the words reminded me of something , but I could not recall what it was .
the strange fear that was on me deepened .
I could not speak .
she came through the gateway and stood for a moment at my side .
she walked on after she had spoken , down the long rose path .
I watched her until she reached the house and went up the steps .
there seemed to be something in that strange meeting that demanded my silence .
I asked .
Mrs Yeats shook her head .
I said nothing more to her about it .
after the funeral Mrs Stewart gave me Margaret 's miniature .
I had never seen it or any picture of Margaret before .
the face was very lovely also strangely like my own , although I am not beautiful .
it was the face of the young girl I had met at the gate !
Mary Margaret laughed and switched her long , thick braid of black hair from one shoulder to the other .
Nellie and I will have just the nicest kind of a time .
and that would drive the lonesomeness away before it dared to show its face .
mother Campbell smiled .
ah , that was just the trouble .
Mrs Campbell felt that she hardly dared to go away under such circumstances .
and yet she must dare it .
and no tramps ever come to the Dippers .
there , Uncle Martin is waving .
before that they had always lived in their own cosy home at the Harbour Head .
after some discussion it was so arranged , and Mrs Campbell and her two girls moved to the Little Dipper .
Mary Margaret thought the lighthouse was a wonderful place .
uncle George taught her how to light the lamps and manage the light .
Nellie had fallen asleep , and there wasn't another living creature except the cat on the Little Dipper .
besides , it looked like a storm .
it would seem like the bright eye of a steady old friend .
Mary Margaret sat down by the kitchen window to watch .
what was the matter ?
Mary Margaret began to feel uneasy .
she lighted a lamp , got the almanac , and hunted out the exact time of sunsetting .
the sun had been down fifteen minutes !
and there was no light on the Big Dipper !
Mary Margaret felt alarmed and anxious .
what was wrong at the Big Dipper ?
was Uncle George away ?
or had something happened to him ?
Mary Margaret was sure he had never forgotten !
then she concluded that something was desperately wrong somewhere .
what would she do ?
what could she do ?
the answer came swift and dear into Mary Margaret 's steady , sensible little mind .
she must go to the Big Dipper and light the lamps !
difficulties came crowding thick and fast into her thoughts .
it was going to snow ; the soft broad flakes were falling already .
could she row the two miles to the Big Dipper in the darkness and the snow ?
if she could , dare she leave Nellie all alone in the house ?
oh , she couldn't !
if the snow came thicker they might never notice the absence of the light .
Mary Margaret hesitated no longer .
she must go .
finally she wakened Nellie .
you mustn't be afraid , because I have to go .
then Mary Margaret tied the chair fast to the wall so that Nellie couldn't upset it .
that 's safe , she thought .
Nellie can't run out now or fall on the stove or set herself afire .
Mary Margaret put on her jacket , hood and mittens , and took Uncle Martin 's lantern .
as she went out and closed the door , a little wail from Nellie sounded on her ear .
for a moment she hesitated , then the blackness of the Big Dipper confirmed her resolution .
she must go .
Nellie was really quite safe and comfortable .
setting her lips firmly , Mary Margaret ran down to the shore .
like all the Harbour girls , Mary Margaret could row a boat from the time she was nine years old .
the snow was getting thick .
well , she must risk it .
with a murmured prayer for help and guidance she pulled staunchly away .
it was a long , hard row for the little twelve-year-old arms .
fortunately there was no wind .
by the aid of her lantern she rowed to the landing , sprang out and made her boat fast .
a minute later she was in the lighthouse kitchen .
well , you are the pluckiest little girl about this harbour !
run up and start it at once .
I 've been lying here for three mortal hours and they 've seemed like three years .
Mary Margaret hurried .
then she ran back to her uncle .
if your mother and Martin haven't left the Harbour Head before this , they won't leave it tonight .
but , anyhow , the light is lit .
I don't mind my getting smashed up compared to that .
the storm grew rapidly worse , and snow and wind howled around the lighthouse .
no smoke was visible from Uncle Martin 's house !
suddenly she remembered the distress signal .
she must hoist it .
Mary Margaret just gave one look at the man .
then she flew across the room with a cry of delight .
it 's well I didn't know the whole truth or I 'd have been simply frantic .
Mary Margaret drew a long breath and her eyes were starry with tears of happiness .
Miss Hannah was cutting asters in her garden .
people always smiled to each other when Miss Hannah talked like this .
but they took care not to let her see the smile .
the day was one of October 's rarest , and Miss Hannah loved fine days .
presently a wagon drove down her lane and pulled up outside of her white garden paling .
she had heard a great deal of the beauty of this strange girl .
she opened the gate and carried the asters over to the buggy .
Miss Delancey took them with a smile that made Miss Hannah remember the date forever .
it doesn't seem so long .
he will be a rich man and he will give me everything I 've always wanted .
he said he would .
a fine house and a carriage and a silk dress .
oh , and we will travel and see the world .
you don't know how I look forward to it all .
I 've got it all planned out , all I 'm going to do and have .
and I believe he will be here very soon .
but he said it a little uncomfortably .
I 'm as sure of it as that I 'm standing here .
and he will be rich , too .
she turned and went back into her garden with her head held high .
it 'll be my turn to crow when Ralph does come .
I feel as if I 'd been looking at some lovely picture .
it just makes a good day of this .
something pleasant happens to me most every day and that girl is today 's pleasant thing .
Jacob Delancey was ejaculating as he and his niece drove down the lane .
long ago Miss Hannah had a brother who ran away from home .
it was before their father and mother died .
nobody but Hannah had any use for him , and she just worshipped him .
if he never turns up she 'll go on hoping quite happy to her death .
and she 'd never hold up her head again , that 's certain .
when October had passed and the grey November days came , the glory of Miss Hannah 's garden was over .
she was very lonely without her flowers .
she missed them more this year than ever .
on fine days she paced up and down the walks and looked sadly at the drooping , unsightly stalks and vines .
she went to the garden gate to meet him .
he came haltingly up the slope and paused before her , gazing at her wistfully .
who was he ?
yet she could think of nobody but her father , who had died fifteen years before .
it was between a cry and a laugh .
Miss Hannah flew through the gate and caught him in her arms .
oh , I always knew you 'd come back .
she was both laughing and crying now .
Ralph Walworth shook his head sadly .
come right in .
you 're shivering in this wind .
he 's lying down asleep now .
he 's just real tired .
he brought this seaweed up from the shore for me this morning and it played him out .
he ain't strong .
but didn't I tell you he was coming back soon ?
he was relieved to find that Miss Hannah did not seem to be worrying over this .
isn't that enough ?
I 'm rich if he isn't , rich in love and happiness .
and I 'm better pleased in a way than if he had come back rich .
and then he wouldn't have needed me .
I 'd have been of no use to him .
oh , it 's fine to have somebody to do things for , somebody that belongs to you .
I declare last night Ralph and I sat up till morning talking over everything .
he 's had a hard life of it .
and last winter in the lumber woods he got his leg broke .
but now he 's come home and we 're never going to be parted again as long as we live .
he felt a little dazed .
if I 'd had to carry them out I dare say they 'd have bothered me a lot .
he pondered the business deeply all the way back home , but could make nothing of it .
the Redemption of John Churchill
the roadside was sprinkled over with the gold dust of dandelions and the pale stars of wild strawberry blossoms .
ten years had not changed them as he had been changed .
he , John Churchill , had spent them behind the walls of a prison .
he had never seen them since , but he knew what had happened in his absence .
she had never forgiven her brother and she never wrote to him .
the best his friends had been able to do for him was to forget him .
he was filled with bitterness and despair and a gnawing hatred of the world of brightness around him .
he had no place in it ; he was an ugly blot on it .
in his extremity he hated God and man , burning with futile resentment against both .
only one feeling of tenderness yet remained in his heart ; it centred around the thought of his little son .
when he left the prison he had made up his mind what to do .
he would go there , under a new name .
there would be novelty and adventure to blot out the memories of the old years .
but there was nobody to care .
so he would go to his own place .
repentance won't blot out the past .
it won't restore me my unstained name and my right to a place among honourable men .
there 's no chance for a man who has fallen as low as I have .
if Emily were living , I could struggle for her sake .
not I ..y I 'm down and I 'll stay down .
nobody at the station where he alighted recognized him or paid any attention to him .
his courage failed him at the thought of walking over that trim lawn and knocking at that closed front door .
he walked furtively up the back way between high , screening hedges of spruce .
when he came to the gate of the yard , he paused .
was that Joey , could that be his little son ?
yes , it was ; he would have known him anywhere by his likeness to Emily .
the argument was long and warm and finally culminated in personalities .
nobody believes you .
the taunt struck home as it always did .
it was not the first time that Joey had been twitted with his father by his boyish companions .
there is nothing so merciless as a small boy .
Jimmy saw his advantage and vindictively pursued it .
you know he did .
I 'm pretty glad my father isn't a thief . your father is .
and when he gets out of prison , he 'll go on stealing again .
my father says he will .
nobody 'll have anything to do with him , my father says .
his own sister won't have anything to do with him .
he slid off the bench and faced Jimmy proudly and confidently .
the grey eyes were alight with a steady , fearless glow .
he is my father and I love him .
I love him better than if he was as good as your father , because he needs it more .
I 'm going to make him good .
Joey was confronting all the world now , with his head thrown back and his face flushed with his earnestness .
yes , sir , that 's just what I 'm going to say to him .
she 'll have to .
I belong to my father .
and I think he 'll be coming pretty soon some way .
I wish he would come .
when I get bigger , nobody will call my father names , I can tell you .
my father and I are going to stand by each other like bricks .
I 'm going to love him so much that I 'll make up to him for everything else .
bless that loyal little soul !
there was something to live for after all there was a motive to make the struggle worthwhile .
Aye , and , God helping him , he would .
he would redeem the past .
he would go west , but under his own name .
for his boy 's sake he must cleanse his name from the dishonour he had brought on it .
under his breath he said , looking heavenward :
Joey sprang to his feet with tears still glistening in his eyes .
he saw before him a bent , grey-headed man looking at him lovingly and wistfully .
the Schoolmaster 's Letters
at sunset the schoolmaster went up to his room to write a letter to her .
Link was ill enough to look at any time , with his sharp , freckled features and foxy eyes .
but the schoolmaster took no heed of him .
I 've got a joke to tell you , something about the master and his girl .
I found it out last night when he was off to the shore .
that old key of Uncle Jim 's was just the thing .
upstairs in his little room , the schoolmaster was writing his letter .
I have just come from you , my lady .
that is all I ask , dear lady , and I ask that only in my own heart .
I am content to love you and be forgotten .
they will never fade , for such love is eternal .
it is a whole summer since I first met you .
but I knew it when you came and brought with you a sense of completion and fulfilment .
oh , my dear , I thank you for this year !
it has been your royal gift to me , and I shall be rich and great forever because of it .
nothing can ever take it from me , nothing can mar it .
I would not give my one perfect summer for a generation of other men 's happiness .
there are those in the world who would laugh at me , who would pity me , Una .
oh , my dear , they do not know , they cannot understand .
the love I have given you has not left me poorer .
there are those who strive to forget a hopeless love .
a kiss on each of your white hands , dear .
tonight I am too humble to lift my thoughts to your lips .
then he took from his shabby trunk a little inlaid box and unlocked it with a twisted silver key .
it was full of letters his letters to Una .
the first had been written months ago , in the early promise of a northern spring .
sometimes I let myself dream .
and in those dreams you love me , and we go out to meet life together .
there should be no barter in love .
tonight you blushed when I came upon you suddenly among the flowers .
I shall see you forever as you looked at that time .
tonight the moon was low in the west .
it hung over the sea like a shallop of ruddy gold moored to a star in the harbour of the night .
you told me once that you always watched the moon set .
it has been a bond between us ever since .
it was before sunrise , and the world was virgin .
all the east was a shimmer of silver and the morning star floated in it like a dissolving pearl .
the sea was a great miracle .
I walked up and down by it and said your name over and over again .
the hour was sacred to you .
it was as pure and unspoiled as your own soul .
Una , who will bring into your life the sunrise splendour and colour of love ?
do you know how beautiful you are , Una ?
let me tell you , dear .
you are tall , yet you have to lift your eyes a little to meet mine .
such dear eyes , Una !
they are dark blue , and when you smile they are like wet violets in sunshine .
your hair has the gloss and brownness of ripe nuts , and your face is always pale .
your lips have a trick of falling apart in a half-smile when you listen .
they told me before I knew you that you were pretty .
the word is cheap and tawdry .
you are beautiful , with the beauty of a pearl or a star or a white flower .
do you remember our first meeting ?
it was one evening last spring .
you were in your garden .
the snow had not all gone , but your hands were full of pale , early flowers .
you wore a white shawl over your shoulders and head .
your face was turned upward a little , listening to a robin 's call in the leafless trees above you .
I thought God had never made anything so lovely and love-deserving .
I loved you from that moment , Una .
this is your birthday .
I sent them to you with a little book , an old book .
so I sent the book that was my mother 's .
would you miss its meaning ?
would you laugh a little at the shabby volume with its pencil marks and its rose-leaves ?
but I knew you would not ; I knew you would understand .
today I saw you with the child of your sister in your arms .
I felt as the old painters must have felt when they painted their Madonnas .
but I had looked upon you in that brief space .
oh , the pain and joy of it !
love wishes to do so much for the beloved !
I can do so little for you , but that little is sweet .
this evening I read to you the poem which you had asked me to read .
you sat before me with your brown head leaning on your hands and your eyes cast down .
I stole dear glances at you between the lines .
that poem will always be dear to me , stained with the life-blood of a rose-like hour .
I think I am nearer to you in your sorrowful moods .
I stood and watched you out of sight .
that meeting was the purple gift the day gave me .
so I burned the verses that were so unworthy of you .
you will watch for him ; you will blush at his coming , be sad at his going .
oh , I cannot think of it !
today I saw you when you did not see me .
I drew back a little and looked at you .
your face was lifted to the sky , your lips were parted , your eyes were full of light .
you seemed to be listening to something that made you happy .
I crept gently away , that I might not mar your dream .
of what were you thinking , Una ?
I must leave you soon .
sometimes I think I cannot bear it .
I want you so much , dear !
the schoolmaster added the last letter to the others and locked the box .
when he unlocked it again , two days later , the letters were gone .
he gazed at the empty box with dilated eyes .
at first he could not realize what had happened .
the letters could not be gone !
he must have made a mistake , have put them in some other place !
with trembling fingers he ransacked his trunk .
there was no trace of the letters .
with a groan he dropped his face in his hands and tried to think .
the inmost secrets of his soul had been betrayed .
who had done this hideous thing ?
he rose and went downstairs .
in the farmyard he found Link tormenting his dog .
Link was happy only when he was tormenting something .
it cowed the boy , because it was something he could not understand .
it was Sis .
the schoolmaster believed him .
nothing was too horrible to believe just then .
she 's mad at you , cause you went to see Una and wouldn't go with her .
he turned his back on the whining boy and went to his room .
the indecency of the whole thing revolted him .
he felt stunned as if by a physical blow .
the deed was done beyond recall .
it only remained for him to go to Una , tell her the truth , and implore her pardon .
then he must go from her sight and presence forever .
it was dusk when he went to her home .
have you thought from his letters that she was a wonderful woman of marvellous beauty ?
she was a sweet and slender slip of girlhood , with girlhood 's own charm and freshness .
he stood before her mute with shame , his boyish face white and haggard .
her eyes were downcast and her breath came shortly .
he thought her silence the silence of anger and scorn .
he wished that he might fling himself in the dust at her feet .
I never meant that you should see them .
a shameful trick has been played upon me .
she did not look up , but her lips parted in the little half-smile he loved .
the blush was still on her face .
if it had not been for the sending of these letters I might never have known .
he had been very blind , but he was beginning to see .
she threw up her head and gazed , blushingly , steadfastly , into his eyes .
from the folds of her gown she drew forth the little packet of letters and kissed it .
I will speak out !
I love you , dear !
I will be content to wait through long years until you can claim me .
he put his arms around her and drew her head close to his .
their lips met .
I had two schools offered me that summer , one at Rocky Valley and one at Bayside .
thereafter I daily passed close by the fence that I might have the privilege of looking over it .
it would be hard to define the charm of that garden .
for the rest , I think the real charm must have been in its unexpectedness .
or perhaps the charm was simply that the whole garden was an expression of Uncle Dick 's personality .
in one corner a little green dory , filled with earth , overflowed in a wave of gay annuals .
it was a power for good within me , making its influence felt in many ways .
finally I caught Uncle Dick in his garden .
later I discovered that his splendid beard was Uncle Dick 's only vanity .
here I am , trying to save my rosebushes .
he pretended to frown at me .
because it would come to that it always does .
there 's a gate round here .
I want to get acquainted with you .
I have a taste for schoolmasters .
he linked his arm with mine and piloted me about to show me his pets .
I laughed , for Uncle Dick was a bachelor and considered to be a hopeless one .
but all the girls in the district come to Uncle Dick when they want flowers for their little diversions .
later on I was to learn the significance of that pause and reverie .
I spent the whole evening with Uncle Dick .
we soon became close friends .
for my own part , I preferred his company to that of any young man I knew .
it was not a very eventful one .
he was that good and patient with her .
no doubt she was the reason he never married .
he couldn't leave her and he knew no woman would go in there .
uncle Dick never courted anyone , unless it was Rose Lawrence .
she was a cousin of my man 's .
her father 's health failed and he had to go out to California .
I loved a woman once and she loved me .
it has kept youth in my heart and joy in my soul through long , lonely years .
he was silent for a space , gazing at the stars .
after a time he said gently ,
nobody in Bayside knows or suspects , unless it 's old Joe Hammond at the post office .
and he has kept my secret , or what he knows of it , well .
but somehow I feel that I 'd like to tell you , Master .
the Lawrences lived where you are boarding now .
we loved each other , but we couldn't marry then .
Rose said I was right in doing it .
then her father 's health failed completely , and the doctor ordered him to another climate .
they went to California .
that was a hard parting , Master .
but we promised each other that we would be true , and we have been .
when the mother died , five years ago , I wanted to move to California and marry Rose .
but she wrote that her father was so poorly she couldn't marry me yet .
so I had to take a new lease of patience , Master .
one learns how to wait in twenty years .
our love will be crowned yet .
it glorified his whole inner life with a strange , unfailing radiance .
his big voice trembled as he said ,
her father is dead and she has nobody in the world now but me .
in a month she will be here .
bayside people soon found out that Rose Lawrence was coming home to marry Uncle Dick .
but the real goodwill and kindly feeling in the banter redeemed it .
he went to the station to meet Rose Lawrence the day she came .
I was bitterly disappointed .
instead , I found in Rose Lawrence a small , faded woman of forty-five , gowned in shabby black .
she had evidently been very pretty once , but bloom and grace were gone .
alas , I thought compassionately , for Uncle Dick 's dreams !
what a shock the change to her must have given him !
could this be the woman on whom he had lavished such a life-wealth of love and reverence ?
I tried to talk to her , but I found her shy and timid .
she seemed to me uninteresting and commonplace .
I was so sorry for Uncle Dick that I shrank from meeting him .
he was in the garden , and he came down the path where the buds were just showing .
there was a smile on his face and the glory in his eyes was quite undimmed .
and she 's not a bit changed .
I looked at Uncle Dick in some amazement .
he had found no disillusioning change .
and all was well .
they were married the next morning and walked together over the clover meadow to their home .
in the evening I went over , as I had promised Uncle Dick to do .
I paused unseen at the gate .
happiness clothed them as a garment ; they were crowned king and queen in the bridal realm of the springtime .
I began this journal last New Year 's wrote two entries in it and then forgot all about it .
I feel the need of a confidant of some kind , even if it is only an inanimate journal .
I have no other .
Sara is a dear good soul and I love her as much as she will let me .
I am also very grateful to her .
she brought me up when our mother died .
but it really does , considering the material she had to work with .
yes , I love Sara , and I 'm grateful to her .
Sara couldn't understand she is so practical .
better go and sew it on before you forget again .
better go and change your stockings , my dear .
so I have given up trying to talk things over with Sara .
this old journal will be better .
last night Sara and I went to Mrs Trent 's musicale .
I had to sing and I had the loveliest new gown for the occasion .
at first Sara thought my old blue dress would do .
I cried about it after I went to bed .
Sara looked at me very sharply the next morning without saying anything .
in the afternoon she went uptown and bought some lovely pale yellow silk organdie .
Sara wore her old grey silk made over .
Walter Shirley was at the Trents ' .
I asked Sara when we came home if she didn't think he was splendid .
after that it was impossible to say anything more about Mr Shirley .
I wonder if I shall see Mr Shirley soon again .
it does not seem possible that it is only a month since my last entry .
and I am not , either .
she was just a simple little girl , knowing nothing but romantic dreams .
I feel that I am very much changed .
I want to be a true noble woman .
better go and darn them at once .
Sara cannot understand .
Blanche Lawrence was married yesterday to Ted Martin .
I had never thought much about it before .
I must say I do not like fair men .
what better is there to do ?
he can't have made enough in one year in Atwater to justify him in setting up housekeeping .
Blanche is twenty two years older than I am .
but Sara talks as if I were a mere infant .
oh , I am so happy !
I wonder if there is another girl in the world as happy as I am tonight .
Walter and I are engaged .
it happened last night when we were sitting out in the moonlight under the silver maple on the lawn .
and I don't remember just what I said .
but we understood each other perfectly at last .
of course Sara had to do her best to spoil things .
and don't you think it is too damp out there for you in that heavy dew ?
better come into the house , both of you .
oh , I wish I had a mother !
she could understand .
but Sara cannot .
then before he goes back to college he is going to tell Sara and ask her consent .
I don't think Sara will refuse it exactly .
she really likes Walter very well .
but I know she will be horrid and I just dread it .
oh , I know Sara !
I am sure he will succeed for everyone likes him so much .
but then Sara does not understand .
oh , I am so happy !
oh , I want to be so good and noble for his sake .
but then , Sara does not understand .
it is all over .
life is ended for me and I do not know how I can face the desolate future .
he is gone and my heart is breaking .
I hardly know how it began .
I 'm sure I never meant to flirt with Jack Ray .
then he went away and slammed the front door .
I cried all night , but today I went about the house singing .
I would not for the world let other people know how Walter has treated me .
I will hide my broken heart under a smiling face bravely .
but , oh , I am so miserable !
just as soon as I am old enough I mean to go away and be a trained nurse .
there is nothing else left in life for me .
she would not understand .
today I read this journal over and thought I would burn it , it is so silly .
for I am happy again and everything is all right , thanks to Sara .
in a small place like Atwater people in the same set can't help meeting .
I wasn't crying I couldn't cry .
there was just a dreadful dull ache in everything .
I 've noticed it for some time .
he meant it as little as you did .
Sara didn't scold or coax any more .
she patted my head and kissed me and made me bathe my face and go to bed .
then she tucked me in just as she used to do when I was a little girl .
that was a dismal day .
it began to rain soon after Sara left and it just poured .
I never saw a soul all day except the milkman , and I was really frantic by night .
I only guessed then what I knew later on .
Sara had heard from Mrs Shirley that Walter was going to Marlboro that day without coming back to Atwater .
Sara knew that he must change trains at Junction Falls and she went there to meet him .
but Walter came at last on the 7 : 50 train and there was Sara to pounce on him .
I just realized that he was there and that was enough .
Sara came in behind him .
but Sara never said a word about colds and dampness .
she just smiled , went on into the sitting-room , and shut the door .
Sara understood .
it was Christmas Eve , but there was no frost , or snow , or sparkle .
it was a green Christmas , and the night was mild and dim , with hazy starlight .
there were handshakings and greetings and laughter .
oh , how can they be so glad ?
the circle was smaller by one than it had been the year before , but none spoke of that .
there was a smile on every face and happiness in every voice .
oh , how could they have forgotten so soon ?
it was not yet a full year since Miss Avis had gone .
she had made it out of the bits left over from the decorations .
Miss Avis had loved holly ; Miss Avis had loved every green , growing thing .
they slipped out into the night .
the old church was there , with its square tower , and the white stones gleaming all around it .
the tears in her eyes brimmed over .
it can't ever seem like Christmas to me without you .
you were always so sweet and kind to me .
Nanny sat down by the grave .
and underneath the lines of her own choosing :
but they had forgotten her oh , they had forgotten her already !
when half an hour had passed , Nanny was startled by approaching footsteps .
Doctor Fritz , coming to the grave , thought himself alone with the dead .
he knelt down by the headstone and pressed his face against it .
I could not bear to speak your name , the aching sense of loss was so bitter .
amid all the Christmas mirth and good fellowship I felt the sorrow of your vacant chair .
Avis , I wanted to tell you what the year had brought to me .
my theory has been proved ; it has made me a famous man .
other footsteps came so quickly on Doctor Fritz ' retreating ones that Nanny could not rise .
it was Laddie this time gay , careless , thoughtless Laddie .
so Fritz has been here !
I have brought you lilies , Avis .
oh , Avis , I miss you so !
you were so jolly and good you understood a fellow so well .
I had to come here tonight to tell you how much I miss you .
Avis , I 'm trying to be a better chap more the sort of man you 'd have me be .
I 've given the old set the go-by I 'm trying to live up to your standard .
it would be easier if you were here to help me .
if anybody had spoken about you , I should have .
we couldn't go to bed without coming .
I want to tell you all about it about him .
you would understand so well .
you would think so too .
oh , Avis , I miss you so much !
perhaps you were there in spirit .
I love to think you were , but I wanted to see you .
I cannot tell you how much I miss your wise , clear-sighted advice and judgment , your wholesome companionship .
a little son was born to me this past year , Avis .
Margaret was still standing there when the old people came .
I brought her up from a baby her dying mother gave her to me .
she was as much my own child as any of you .
I miss her so .
let us go back now .
when they had gone Nanny crept out from the shadows .
but her heart was full of joy .
I 'm sorry I was so cross at them ; and I 'm so glad they haven't forgotten you .
then the old dog and Nanny went home together .
trust an Eastman for knowing upon which side his bread was buttered .
the responsibility made her grave and mature .
when she was twenty her father died and Bessy was his sole heir .
she kept the farm and took the reins of government in her own capable hands .
she made a success of it too , which was more than many a man in Lynnfield had done .
Bessy had never had a lover .
Mrs Eastman , Lawrence 's mother , was a widow with two sons .
he stayed at home and hired himself to George , thereby adding slowly to his small hoard .
in reality nobody was more surprised over this than Lawrence himself .
Bessy assented and got into his buggy .
but presently Bessy , pitying his evident embarrassment , began to talk to him .
she could talk well , and Lawrence found himself entering easily into the spirit of her piquant speeches .
he wondered if she would think him very presumptuous .
Bessy was ready and waiting .
her figure was strikingly symmetrical and softly curved .
her cheeks were delicately flushed , and her wood-brown eyes were sparkling under her long lashes .
she offered him a half-opened bud for his coat and pinned it on for him .
people nodded and winked and wondered .
Milly , as was well known , had a liking for Lawrence herself .
matters had gone thus far before Mrs Eastman got her eyes opened .
Mrs Eastman was a proud woman and a determined one .
George Eastman muttered something inaudible as the door closed behind her .
he had hated her bitterly ever since .
Bessy had sung it for him the night before .
then he had stepped back , filled with dismay at his own audacity .
when his mother came in at the stable door her face was hard and uncompromising .
she 's old enough to be your mother .
a dull , purplish flush crept over his brow .
Bessy marry him ?
George hasn't said anything to me .
you surely don't imagine Bessy Houghton would marry you .
and if she would , she is too old for you .
Mrs Eastman looked blankly at her son .
he had never defied or disobeyed her in his life before .
she had supposed her word would be law .
Rebellion was something she had not dreamed of .
her lips tightened ominously and her eyes narrowed .
Maggie Hatfield told me what Bessy Houghton said to her about you .
moreover , she felt quite sure that Lawrence would never ask Maggie Hatfield anything about it .
she drew her shawl about her pale , malicious face and left him with a parting glance of contempt .
alone in the stable Lawrence stood staring out at the dull red ball of the winter sun with unseeing eyes .
he had implicit faith in his mother , and the stab had gone straight to his heart .
Bessy walked home alone .
she was alone in the big house with her misery and despair .
she went dizzily upstairs to her own room and flung herself on the bed in the chill moonlight .
all night she lay there , fighting with her pain .
she thought of that kiss with a pitiful shame .
she hated herself for the weakness that could not check her tears .
her lonely life had been brightened by the companionship of her young lover .
Maggie Hatfield came that day to sew .
Bessy had intended to have a dark-blue silk made up and an evening waist of pale pink cashmere .
she would have neither it nor the silk made up now .
I was foolish to think it would ever suit me .
this brown will do for a spring suit .
for the most part , Lynnfield people believed that Bessy had thrown Lawrence over .
this opinion was borne out by his woebegone appearance .
he was thin and pale ; his face had lost its youthful curves and looked hard and mature .
in April a well-to-do storekeeper from an adjacent village began to court Bessy Houghton .
in June Maggie Hatfield went to the Eastmans ' to sew .
Mrs Eastman twitched her thread viciously .
and I didn't want her for a daughter-in-law anyhow .
I can't bear her .
so I put my foot down in time .
of course , she 's so quiet it is hard to tell .
there was an unsuspected listener to this conversation .
did Bessy Houghton ever say anything to you about me or did you ever say that she did ?
that evening at moonrise he passed through the kitchen dressed in his Sunday best .
his mother met him at the door .
Mrs Eastman flushed crimson and opened her lips to speak .
but something in Lawrence 's grave , white face silenced her .
she turned away without a word , knowing in her secret soul that her youngest-born was lost to her forever .
Lawrence found Bessy in the orchard under apple trees that were pyramids of pearly bloom .
she looked at him through the twilight with reproach and aloofness in her eyes .
but he put out his hands and caught her reluctant ones in a masterful grasp .
don't condemn me before you 've heard me .
she knew what Mrs Eastman 's reputation in Lynnfield was .
but I was beside myself with pain and wretchedness .
oh , Bessy , won't you forgive me ?
I love you so !
if you send me away I 'll go to the dogs .
and she , being a woman , did forgive him .
he had married an actress !
they could not be brought to see it in any other light .
between grief and shame Cyrus and Deborah Morgan grew old rapidly in the year that followed .
after the funeral Cyrus Morgan brought home to his wife their son 's little daughter , Joscelyn Morgan .
her aunt , Annice Ashton , had wanted the baby .
Cyrus Morgan had been almost rude in his refusal .
all the Morgans had been fair .
no living mortal could have resisted Joscelyn .
she was the most winsome and lovable little mite of babyhood that ever toddled .
she had ways that no orthodox Spring Valley baby ever thought of having .
her grandparents came to worship her and were stricter than ever with her by reason of their love .
because she was so dear to them she must be saved from her mother 's blood .
the path thus set for Joscelyn 's dancing feet to walk in was indeed sedate and narrow .
yet they loved her and were proud of her .
when Joscelyn was seventeen Deborah Morgan noticed a change in her .
Mrs Morgan thought the child needed a tonic and gave her sulphur and molasses .
one day the revelation came .
Cyrus and Deborah had driven across the valley to visit their married daughter .
not finding her at home they returned .
Mrs Morgan went into the house while her husband went to the stable .
I heard her .
Cyrus and Deborah shivered as if they had heard sacrilege .
it transformed her into a woman .
Joscelyn , rapt away from her surroundings , did not perceive her grandparents .
her face was turned from them and she was addressing an unseen auditor in passionate denunciation .
it was Cyrus who spoke , advancing into the room like a stern , hard impersonation of judgment .
Joscelyn 's face , that had grown pale , flamed scarlet again .
she lifted her head proudly .
he flung the book into the fire that was burning in the grate .
for the first time in her life Joscelyn flamed out into passionate defiance .
my mother was an actress and a good woman .
so is Aunt Annice .
Joscelyn went but she left consternation behind her .
Cyrus and Deborah could not have been more shocked if they had discovered the girl robbing her grandfather 's desk .
they talked the matter over bitterly at the kitchen hearth that night .
they were .
from that day Josie was watched and distrusted .
she was never permitted to be alone .
there were no more solitary walks .
she felt herself under the surveillance of cold , unsympathetic eyes every moment and her very soul writhed .
Joscelyn Morgan , the high-spirited daughter of high-spirited parents , could not long submit to such treatment .
she wishes me to go and live with her and prepare for the stage .
I told her I wished to do so .
Cyrus and Deborah looked at her in mute dismay .
I must go ....v
you are unjust , Grandfather .
but I don't want you to be angry with me .
go to your play-acting aunt if you want to .
your grandmother and me won't hinder you .
but you 'll come back here no more .
we 'll have nothing further to do with you .
with this dictum Joscelyn went from Spring Valley .
she clung to Deborah and wept at parting , but Cyrus did not even say goodbye to her .
on the morning of her departure he went away on business and did not return until evening .
Joscelyn went on the stage .
her aunt 's influence and her mother 's fame helped her much .
she missed the hard experiences that come to the unassisted beginner .
but her own genius must have won in any case .
when Joscelyn Morgan was twenty-two she was famous over two continents .
Deborah obeyed .
Joscelyn had disgraced them ; could that be forgiven ?
nevertheless both the old people missed her terribly .
the house seemed to have lost its soul with that vivid , ripely tinted young life .
they got their married daughter 's oldest girl , Pauline , to come and stay with them .
if it hurt the girl that no notice was ever taken of her letters she still wrote them .
Deborah read the letters grimly and then left them in Cyrus 's way .
Deborah cut them out and kept them in her upper bureau drawer with Joscelyn 's letters .
once she overlooked one and Cyrus found it when he was kindling the fire .
a month later Deborah discovered it between the leaves of the family Bible .
in a way they had relented towards her , but their shame of her remained .
they could never forget that she was an actress .
Deborah had her share of curiosity .
the paper was the National Gazette and she knew that their next-door neighbour , James Pennan , took it .
with one exception she read all its columns carefully without finding anything to explain her husband 's anger .
halfway down she came upon an adverse criticism of Joscelyn Morgan and her new play .
it was malicious and vituperative .
but I guess she can hold her own .
no long time after this Cyrus took a notion he 'd like a trip to the city .
he 'd like to see the Horse Fair and look up Cousin Hiram Morgan 's folks .
Cyrus was as pleased as a child over their trip .
he bought a ticket apologetically and sneaked in to his seat .
it was a matinee performance , and Joscelyn Morgan was starring in her famous new play .
for the first time in their married life the old man deliberately plotted to deceive his old wife .
the curtain went up and Cyrus rubbed his eyes .
wasn't she Paul 's daughter !
and all this applause was for her for Josie .
Joscelyn 's new play was a homely , pleasant production with rollicking comedy and heart-moving pathos skilfully commingled .
Joscelyn pervaded it all with a convincing simplicity that was really the triumph of art .
Cyrus Morgan listened and exulted in her ; at every burst of applause his eyes gleamed with pride .
Cyrus Morgan went out into the daylight feeling as if he had awakened from a dream .
at the outer door he came upon Mrs Hiram and Deborah .
Deborah 's face was stained with tears , and she caught at his hand .
I 'm so proud of her .
oh , I was bound to hear her .
oh , I 've just been crying the whole time .
wasn't it splendid !
she took the shine off the other play-actors all right .
I knew that National Gazette man didn't know what he was talking about .
she 's stopping with her aunt at the Maberly Hotel I saw it in the paper this morning .
I 'm going to tell her she was right and we were wrong .
Jack 's Side of It
that is so like Jill .
she is such a good hand at forgetting .
how could I tell Dick would act so like a mule ?
I thought grown-up folks had more sense .
aunt Tommy was down on me for weeks , while she thought Jill a regular heroine .
Jill says I will change my mind when I grow up , but I won't .
still , Jill is a pretty good sort of girl .
I suppose it is time I explained who Dick and Aunt Tommy are .
Dick is our minister .
he hasn't been it very long .
he only came a year ago .
I shall never forget how surprised Jill and I were that first Sunday we went to church and saw him .
we had always thought that ministers had to be old .
all the ministers we knew were .
Mr Grinnell , the one before Dick came , must have been as old as Methuselah .
but Dick was young and good-looking .
Dick was tall and pale and looked as if he had heaps of brains .
she never saw an archangel .
I liked his nose .
it was so straight and finished-looking .
Mr Grinnell had the worst-looking nose you ever saw .
Dick preached great sermons .
they were so nice and short .
we had never thought it possible to get acquainted with a minister .
Jill said she didn't think it proper for a real live minister to be so chummy .
he taught me to skate that winter and fence with canes and do long division .
I could never understand long division before Dick came , although I was away on in fractions .
Jill has just been in and says I ought to explain that Dick 's name wasn't Dick .
I do wish Jill would mind her own business .
of course it wasn't .
mother is an old darling .
well , early in May comes Aunt Tommy .
I must explain who Aunt Tommy is or Jill will be at me again .
she called Jill Elizabeth , and Jill would adore a Hottentot who called her Elizabeth .
aunt Tommy is the prettiest girl I ever saw .
aunt Tommy is all white and dimpled .
she has curly red hair and big jolly brown eyes and scrumptious freckles .
but I don't care .
she has freckles and I think they are all right .
she looked fine that day .
she had on a gorgeous dress , all frills and ruffles , and a big white floppy hat .
aunt Tommy and Dick shook hands and Dick got as red as anything .
it was funny to see him .
we hadn't expected him until Tuesday , for he never came Monday night before .
that is Father 's night for going to a lodge meeting .
mother was away this time too .
outside I came across Jill .
I sat down beside her , for I wanted sympathy .
Honest , I jumped .
I never was so surprised .
I asked .
and really , sometimes I think she is older .
but Dick is different .
I 'd like him for a husband myself .
my imagination couldn't travel as fast as that .
but after I had thought the idea over a bit I liked it .
I asked .
and that sounded so fine it reconciled me to the attempt .
we sat there and watched Dick and Aunt Tommy for an hour .
I thought they were awfully prim and stiff .
if I 'd been Dick I 'd have gone over and hugged her .
I said so to Jill and Jill was shocked .
she said it wouldn't be proper when they weren't even engaged .
when Dick went away Aunt Tommy came out to the verandah and discovered us .
she sat down between us and put her arms about us .
aunt Tommy has such cute ways .
Jill is always reading novels .
she borrows them from the cook .
for the next three months Jill and I were wild .
it was just like reading a serial story to watch Dick and Aunt Tommy .
Jill was horrified ; she said afterwards that it wasn't a bit romantic .
girls don't understand everything .
but at the end of three months we began to get anxious .
things were going so slow .
Jill said it was because Aunt Tommy didn't encourage Dick enough .
it 's all Dick 's fault .
why doesn't he ask Aunt Tommy to marry him ?
what 's making him so slow about it ?
I asked .
and that settled it , of course .
I told her sarcastically that she 'd better say it herself and then it would be done properly .
so of course I agreed .
dick came after all , and Jill sent me into the parlour to tell him .
he was standing before the mantel looking at Aunt Tommy 's picture .
there was such an adoring look in his eyes .
I could see it quite plain in the mirror before him .
I sat down before him .
Dick thumped one of the sofa pillows .
I guess she 's pretty fond of him too .
dick got up .
dick smiled as if it hurt him to smile .
he took his hat and went out .
then Jill came flying in to hear all about it .
I told her as well as I could , but she wasn't satisfied .
if Dick took it so quietly , she declared , I couldn't have made it strong enough .
the night after that was prayer-meeting night .
Dick had always walked home with Aunt Tommy and us , but that night he didn't .
Aunt Tommy hardly spoke all the way home , only just held tight to Jill 's and my hands .
I was disgusted with things in general and Dick in particular .
the three weeks that followed were awful .
Dick never came near Owlwood .
Jill and I fought every day , we were so cross and disappointed .
nothing had come out right , and Jill blamed it all on me .
she said I must have made it too strong .
there was no fun in anything , not even in going to church .
dick hardly thumped the pulpit at all and when he did it was only a measly little thump .
but Aunt Tommy didn't seem to worry any .
she sang and laughed and joked from morning to night .
things went on like this for another week .
then they reached so Jill says a climax .
if Jill knows what that means I don't .
but Pinky Carewe was the climax .
Pinky 's name is James , but Jill and I always called him Pinky because we couldn't bear him .
he took to calling at Owlwood and one evening he took Aunt Tommy out driving .
then Jill came to me .
I looked at Jill to see if she were in earnest .
and this finishes my part of the story , and Jill is going to tell the rest .
but you needn't believe everything she says about me in it .
Jill 's Side of It
but I am determined to re-describe Aunt Tommy , for the way Jacky has done it is just disgraceful .
aunt Tommy is divinely beautiful .
her magnificent wealth of burnished auburn hair flows back in amethystine waves from her sun-kissed brow .
her creamy skin is as fair and flawless as the inner petals of a white lily .
her slender form is matchless in its symmetry and her voice is like the ripple of a woodland brook .
so I went the next morning .
there was a Madonna on his desk that looked just like Aunt Tommy .
try that green velvet chair .
I am sure it was created for a pink dress and unfortunately neither Mrs Dodge nor I possess one .
Dick turned as red as fire .
you never saw anything like Dick 's face when I stopped .
it looked just like a sunrise .
Jacky will never believe I really did it .
he says I would never have dared .
but it wasn't daring at all , it was just forgetting .
we thought if we made you jealous it would work all right .
we didn't mean any harm .
I was just ready to cry .
but that dear Dick leaned over the table and patted my hand .
I understand and of course I forgive you .
you see , it is this way .
your Aunt Bertha is the sweetest woman in the world .
and even if I dared I know she wouldn't do it .
I thought hard and fast .
so I spoke right up .
he got up and stalked about the room again .
I drew a long breath .
it was such a responsibility off my mind .
Dick got his hat and came .
when we got to Owlwood I left Dick in the parlour and flew up to Aunt Tommy 's room .
I found her all scrunched up on her bed in the dark with her face in the pillows .
didn't Aunt Tommy fly up , though !
then I flew out to Jacky and dragged him around to the glass door .
Jacky said it was only sneaks that listened but he didn't say it until next day .
at the time he listened just as hard as I did .
I didn't care if it was mean .
I just had to listen .
she looked perfectly sweet , only her nose was a little red .
so I sulked like a jealous fool .
aunt Tommy lifted her head and stuck up her mouth and he kissed her .
he didn't even go down on his knees .
there was nothing romantic about it and I was never so disgusted in my life .
I left Jacky peeking still and I went to bed .
after a long time Aunt Tommy came up to my room and sat down on my bed in the moonlight .
I asked .
well , the wedding came off last week .
it was a perfectly gorgeous affair .
aunt Tommy 's dress was a dream and so was mine , all pink silk and chiffon and carnations .
Jacky made a magnificent page too , in a suit of white velvet .
the wedding cake was four stories high , and Dick looked perfectly handsome .
he kissed me too , right after he kissed Aunt Tommy .
but Jacky and I have decided that we will never meddle in an affair of the kind again .
it is too hard on the nerves .
End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Lucy Maud Montgomery Short Stories , @number@ to @number@ by Lucy Maud Montgomery
IN REMEMBRANCE OF OLD DAYS , OLD DREAMS , AND OLD LAUGHTER
the Opening of the Blue Chest
CHAPTER I THE HOME OF OUR FATHERS
the Story Girl said that once upon a time .
we did not know her at all under that name .
we were delighted at the thought of seeing father 's old home , and living among the haunts of his boyhood .
his firm asked him to go to Rio de Janeiro that spring to take charge of their new branch there .
I fear she had an anxious trip of it , poor woman !
indeed , she said as much .
we became very good friends with him on that twenty-four mile drive .
we peered eagerly through the gloom .
everything was just as father had described it .
we felt that we had come home , leaving exile behind us .
Dan was the oldest ; he was my age thirteen .
he was a lean , freckled fellow with rather long , lank , brown hair and the shapely King nose .
we recognized it at once .
felicity was twelve .
she had been called after Aunt Felicity , who was the twin sister of Uncle Felix .
she fully justified our expectations .
the Kings were noted for their noses and complexion .
felicity had also delightful hands and wrists .
at every turn of them a dimple showed itself .
it was a pleasure to wonder what her elbows must be like .
this made us feel quite important .
we did not know what this meant , but we thought it was not exactly complimentary .
still , we were both inclined to think we would like Cecily better than Felicity .
to be sure , Felicity was a stunning beauty .
in brief , we saw that Felicity was vain .
she made her go to bed instead .
I had never heard of any Peter .
we saw that her anger was real , not affected .
Dan shared it with us , sleeping in a bed of his own in the opposite corner .
the window was open and we heard the frogs singing down in the swamp of the brook meadow .
this was home father 's home OUR home !
Felix twitched the quilt rather viciously and grunted .
but I began to think I would like Felicity .
how could she help it when she looked in the mirror ?
dear little soul !
somehow , we , too , felt that it was .
everybody does .
the girls ' door shut with a bang .
silence fell over the house .
we drifted into the land of sleep , wondering if the Story Girl would like us .
a QUEEN OF HEARTS
I wakened shortly after sunrise .
let's get up and go down and out .
then we opened the front door and stepped out , rapture swelling in our bosoms .
it was a vision to develop slowly into fulfilment .
grandfather King was in no hurry .
when a son was born to Abraham and Elizabeth a tree was planted in the orchard for him .
no , she was not pretty .
never had we heard a voice like hers .
I cannot describe it .
if voices had colour , hers would have been like a rainbow .
it made words LIVE .
whatever she said became a breathing entity , not a mere verbal statement or utterance .
from that moment we were as good friends as if we had known each other for a hundred years .
I can tell things so much better than Felicity or Cecily .
she is a splendid cook , too , though she is only twelve .
I can't cook .
I am trying to learn , but I don't make much progress .
but then , Felicity is stupid .
it 's not ill-natured of me to say that .
it 's just the truth , and you 'd soon find it out for yourselves .
Cecily is ever so much cleverer .
Cecily 's a dear .
I asked .
that was the main question about grown-ups .
their looks mattered little to us .
but she is twenty-nine , you know .
that 's pretty old .
she doesn't bother me much .
aunt Janet says that I 'd have no bringing up at all , if it wasn't for her .
I don't understand that .
no , we did not .
but it was our experience that grown-ups had a habit of saying things hard to understand .
but he teases people too much .
you ask him a serious question and you get a ridiculous answer .
he was a lordly animal , with a silver-gray coat beautifully marked with darker stripes .
I asked .
I knew at once that the question was a foolish one .
we have barn cats , but Paddy never associates with them .
I am very good friends with all cats .
they are so sleek and comfortable and dignified .
and it is so easy to make them happy .
nothing ever happens here , except days , so we have to make our own good times .
oh , yes , Sara Ray .
felicity mentioned her .
what is she like ?
you can't see the house for the spruce bush .
Sara is a nice girl .
she 's only eleven , and her mother is dreadfully strict .
she never allows Sara to read a single story .
it only spoils her fun .
I 've often thought so .
Felix and I shivered .
I asked , pointing to a house across the fields .
his name is Jasper Dale , but everybody calls him the Awkward Man .
and they do say he writes poetry .
he calls his place Golden Milestone .
I know why , because I 've read Longfellow 's poems .
he never goes into society because he is so awkward .
the girls laugh at him and he doesn't like it .
she 's very queer .
they say she is crazy .
Sara Ray is dreadfully scared of her .
but I don't believe THAT .
witches are so scarce nowadays .
we hadn't a doubt of it .
if anybody could freeze the blood in our veins this girl with the wonderful voice could .
but it was a May morning , and our young blood was running blithely in our veins .
we suggested a visit to the orchard would be more agreeable .
LEGENDS OF THE OLD ORCHARD
we hurried over to it , treading on the spears of mint that were beginning to shoot up about it .
it was a very deep well , and the curb was of rough , undressed stones .
and ferns grow out between the stones of the well as far down as you can see .
the water is lovely .
it is the last cup of Grandmother King 's second best set .
her best set is still complete .
aunt Olivia has it .
you must get her to show it to you .
it 's so pretty , with red berries all over it , and the funniest little pot-bellied cream jug .
we took a drink from the blue cup and then went to find our birthday trees .
we were rather disappointed to find them quite large , sturdy ones .
it seemed to us that they should still be in the sapling stage corresponding to our boyhood .
those two big trees behind them are the twins ' trees my mother and Uncle Felix , you know .
even the pigs won't eat them .
but she never tried again .
she said it was better to waste apples alone than apples and sugar too .
the Story Girl 's words fell on the morning air like pearls and diamonds .
I wanted that once but I 've got over it .
I found out in Sunday School , the day the minister taught our class , that it was selfish .
I think he was remembering that Felicity had called him fat .
Cecily now joined us .
it appeared that it was Felicity 's morning to help prepare breakfast , therefore she could not come .
we all went to Uncle Stephen 's Walk .
this was a double row of apple trees , running down the western side of the orchard .
uncle Stephen was the first born of Abraham and Elizabeth King .
grandmother King had been a Ward , and in Uncle Stephen the blood of the seafaring race claimed its own .
the gray first came in grandmother 's brown hair in those months of waiting .
the Story Girl mounted to the ledge , sat on the rim , and looked at us .
Pat sat gravely at its base and daintily washed his face with his black paws .
the Story Girl looked dubious .
the Story Girl began it and we listened avidly .
Cecily , who had heard it many times before , listened just as eagerly as we did .
her name was Emily King .
she had a lover .
his name was Malcolm Ward and he was as handsome as a prince .
they used to meet under the birches and talk about everything except love .
Emily promised to meet him there .
I would have .
and when she came back to life she never cried or lamented .
she was CHANGED .
when the winter came she died .
nobody knew just who told it first .
but more than one person saw her .
grandfather saw her when he was a little boy .
we were not so sure of this .
the Story Girl had made the tale very real to us .
we were glad we had not heard it in the evening .
how could we ever have got back to the house through the shadows and swaying branches of a darkening orchard ?
Felix and I couldn't keep our eyes off her .
Crimson-cheeked , shining-eyed from her haste , her face was like a rose of youth .
but when the Story Girl spoke , we forgot to look at Felicity .
he was a distant relative of grandmother 's and he was a Poet .
he was just beginning to be famous .
he was VERY famous afterward .
then Great-Aunt Edith came into the orchard .
she was not a Great-Aunt then , of course .
she was only eighteen , with red lips and black , black hair and eyes .
they say she was always full of mischief .
she had been away and had just come home , and she didn't know about the Poet .
and she tiptoed up so and bent over so and kissed his cheek .
then he opened his big blue eyes and looked up into Edith 's face .
she blushed as red as a rose , for she knew she had done a dreadful thing .
this could not be her cousin from Scotland .
I like it when Peter plays the poet .
I asked .
his mother lives on the Markdale road and washes for a living .
Peter 's father ran away and left them when Peter was only three years old .
he has never come back , and they don't know whether he is alive or dead .
isn't that a nice way to behave to your family ?
Peter has worked for his board ever since he was six .
uncle Roger sends him to school , and pays him wages in summer .
this Peter was a slim , shapely fellow , with laughing black eyes and thick black curls .
Early in the season as it was , he was barefooted .
aunt Jane was a Methodist .
my mother ain't much of anything but I mean to be something .
it 's more respectable to be a Methodist or a Presbyterian , or SOMETHING , than not to be anything .
Peter , this is Beverley King , and this is Felix .
and we 're all going to be good friends and have a lovely summer together .
think of the games we can have !
but if you go squabbling you 'll spoil it all .
I am NOT going to dig them up this year to see if they have sprouted .
it is bad for them .
but I love a flower garden .
we were now summoned to breakfast .
mind you , she says she 's going to be an actress when she grows up .
we didn't exactly see why .
her father will back her up in it .
evidently Felicity thought artists and actresses and all such poor trash were members one of another .
the very adjective !
Felix and I recognized its beautiful fitness at once .
but all things considered , we liked the prospect of our summer very much .
THE WEDDING VEIL OF THE PROUD PRINCESS
but we had long hours for play .
we got along very well with each other in the main , in spite of some minor differences of opinion .
as for the grown-up denizens of our small world , they suited us also .
to Uncle Alec we gave our warmest love .
and we never had to turn HIS speeches inside out to discover their meaning .
the social life of juvenile Carlisle centred in the day and Sunday Schools .
I am afraid the remembrance grew a little dim the rest of the week .
felicity did not approve of the design , and said so plainly .
it 's all right to have our mite boxes for the heathen , and send missionaries to them .
they 're far away and we don't have to associate with them .
but the Story Girl undauntedly continued to coax the reluctant Peter .
it was not an easy matter .
and I 've got a hankering after the Methodists .
but Felicity 's theology broke down at this point .
she turned her back on Peter and walked disdainfully away .
the Story Girl returned to the main point with a new argument .
I know you 'd like him .
the nearest Methodist church is six miles away , at Markdale , and you can't attend there just now .
behind us was an old gray fence , with violets and dandelions thick in its corners .
below us was the Carlisle valley , with its orchard-embowered homesteads , and fertile meadows .
its upper end was dim with a delicate spring mist .
felicity 's turnovers were perfection .
ah well , one cannot have every good gift !
the Story Girl had no dimples at her slim , brown wrists .
we all enjoyed our turnovers except Sara Ray .
she ate hers but she knew she should not have done so .
once , when Sara was in a brown study , I asked her what she was thinking of .
we were all glad to hear that Peter was going to church , except Felicity .
she was full of gloomy forebodings and warnings .
I had a stick in my hand and I fetched a swipe at it so .
will you believe it ?
he wouldn't even look at it .
I 'm so worried .
I mixed a powder in some milk and tried to pour it down his throat while Peter held him .
just look at the scratches I got !
we looked at him in such horror that Dan hastened to apologize .
I know a story about it .
I read it in a book .
but she was as proud as she was beautiful .
she laughed all her suitors to scorn .
but she trembled and turned pale , for there was something in his voice that frightened her .
and when he laughed , his laughter was still more dreadful .
then they were married at once , but the bridegroom never lifted his visor and no one saw his face .
the proud princess held herself more proudly than ever , but she was as white as her veil .
and just in the twilight they rode into a dark valley , filled with tombs and graves .
behold me , beautiful princess .
all saw his awful face .
the proud princess shrieked .
a tempest of rain broke over the valley and blotted them from sight .
the weird spell of the tale rested on us for some moments after the Story Girl had finished .
Dan presently broke the spell .
CHAPTER V PETER GOES TO CHURCH
none of the grown-ups were going to church .
aunt Olivia had a sick headache and Uncle Roger stayed home with her .
aunt Janet and Uncle Alec had gone to the Markdale service and had not yet returned .
felicity and Cecily were wearing their new summer muslins for the first time and were acutely conscious of the fact .
but she attained the desire of her heart on Sundays at least , and was quite well satisfied .
it was impossible to convince her that the satin smooth lustre of her week-day tresses was much more becoming to her .
so I put on two pairs .
felicity shook her head vehemently .
but Peter must have a cent .
uncle Roger looked quizzically at Felicity .
felicity tossed her head .
Felicity started off indignantly , and we followed , picking up Sara Ray at the foot of the hill .
the Carlisle church was a very old-fashioned one , with a square , ivy-hung tower .
I do not think that poetry was Great-grandmother King 's strong point .
the tones of her voice brought out the poignant and immortal beauty and pathos of that wonderful old lament .
the interior of the church was as old-fashioned as its exterior .
uncle Alec 's pew was at the top of the church , quite near the pulpit .
Peter 's appearance did not attract as much attention as we had fondly expected .
indeed , nobody seemed to notice him at all .
Peter stiffened up and sat at attention during the service .
nobody could have behaved better .
we knew Elder Frewen quite well and liked him ; he was Aunt Janet 's cousin and often visited her .
the contrast between his week-day jollity and the unearthly solemnity of his countenance on Sundays always struck us as very funny .
everybody looked at our pew .
I have always wondered why Felicity did not die of mortification on the spot .
the Story Girl turned white , and Cecily turned red .
as for that poor , unlucky Peter , the shame of his countenance was pitiful to behold .
the Story Girl made no response .
Peter sidled up to her .
it just happened before I could stop myself .
I don't care what you are !
she marched off with Sara Ray , and Peter dropped back to us with a frightened face .
I remembered the way she took him off , and I wanted to laugh .
and he wouldn't , just to be stubborn .
Even Felicity laughed .
she even walked beside him and let him carry her Bible .
they talked quite confidentially .
sermons are more int'resting than I thought , and I like the singing .
I wish I could make up my mind whether to be a Presbyterian or a Methodist .
we walked on in silence for a time , thinking our own young thoughts .
presently they were scattered by an abrupt and startling question from Peter .
it appeared that none of us had any idea .
even in Felicity , so it would seem , there were depths of thought unplumbed .
she got it for a prize in school .
she had recovered her calmness of mind , but she made no reference to Peter .
we were too young to analyze the vague sensation .
when I was very small I used to believe the fairies danced in it on moonlight nights .
it was Uncle Edward who told me there were no such things as fairies .
I was just seven .
he is a minister , so of course I knew he spoke the truth .
we waited at Uncle Alec 's door for the others to come up .
she went over to him and held out her hand .
Peter eagerly grasped her hand .
no , sir !
and I 'm going to church and Sunday School regular , and I 'll say my prayers every night .
I want to be like the rest of you .
I 've thought of the way my Aunt Jane used to give medicine to a cat .
and there was peace over all that fresh and flowery land , and peace in our little hearts .
THE MYSTERY OF GOLDEN MILESTONE
we might earn it by honest toil , or gather it in by contributions levied on our friends .
our relatives started us with a quarter apiece .
for the rest , we knew we must depend on our own exertions .
Peter was handicapped at the beginning by the fact that he had no family friend to finance him .
felicity made a similar bargain with her mother .
the Story Girl and Cecily were each to be paid ten cents a week for washing dishes in their respective homes .
Felix and Dan contracted to keep the gardens free from weeds .
I caught brook trout in the westering valley of spruces and sold them for a cent apiece .
Sara Ray was the only unhappy one among us .
she could do nothing .
Dan and the girls and I were sitting in a row on Aunt Olivia 's garden fence , watching Felix weed .
Felix pretended not to hear her , but I knew he did , because his ears grew red .
Felix 's face never blushed , but his ears always gave him away .
as for Felicity , she did not say things like that out of malice prepense .
I had bought it from Billy Robinson three days before in school .
Billy had assured me that it would make me grow fast .
I was beginning to feel secretly worried because I did not grow .
I had overheard Aunt Janet say I was going to be short , like Uncle Alec .
now , I loved Uncle Alec , but I wanted to be taller than he was .
I got it from Peg Bowen .
she 's a witch , you know .
it was an awful experience .
I felt deeply grateful to Billy , and sorry that I had not liked him better .
one day the Story Girl had an inspiration .
but where the Story Girl led we would follow to the death .
the next day being Saturday , we started out in the afternoon .
at first all was not harmonious .
neither Felicity nor Cecily could have worn it ; but it became the Story Girl perfectly .
aunt Olivia is just sweet .
and Aunt Olivia only gives you skim milk .
they smiled at each other amicably .
but I 'll tell you all I do know .
you know the Awkward Man has lived alone ever since his mother died , ten years ago .
she says he keeps it very neat .
but till last fall there was one room she never saw .
one day last fall the Awkward Man went to Summerside , and Mrs Griggs scrubbed his kitchen .
then she went over the whole house and she tried the door of the west room .
Mrs Griggs is a VERY curious woman .
she expected to find the door locked as usual .
it was NOT locked .
she opened it and went in .
nothing like THAT could happen in Prince Edward Island .
she says she never saw a room like it in a country farmhouse .
it was like a bed-room and sitting-room combined .
the floor was covered with a carpet like green velvet .
there were fine lace curtains at the windows and beautiful pictures on the walls .
there was a woman 's picture above the bookcase .
Mrs Griggs says she thinks it was a coloured photograph , but she didn't know who it was .
anyway , it was a very pretty girl .
he just stays home and reads books when he isn't working .
I know I will like him .
he has such a nice face , even if he is awkward .
he went to college two years , you know .
then his father died , and he stayed home with his mother because she was very delicate .
I call him a hero .
I wonder if it is true that he writes poetry .
Mrs Griggs says it is .
she says she has seen him writing it in a brown book .
we were near Golden Milestone now .
the house was a big , weather-gray structure , overgrown with vines and climbing roses .
we met the Awkward man in his yard , and he gave us a quarter apiece for our library .
he had large hands and feet , and walked with a slight stoop .
I am afraid we stared at him rather rudely while the Story Girl talked to him .
I leave it to you .
it was on HIS account I put on my red silk .
HOW BETTY SHERMAN WON A HUSBAND
the rest of us did not share the Story Girl 's enthusiasm regarding our call on Mr Campbell .
we secretly dreaded it .
Mr Campbell was a rich , retired farmer , who took life easily .
but it was also known that Mr Campbell was not always in a good humour .
I know I can manage him .
that settled it .
we were not going to let the Story Girl get ahead of us in the manner of collecting .
Mr Campbell 's housekeeper ushered us into his parlour and left us .
presently Mr Campbell himself was standing in the doorway , looking us over .
we took heart of grace .
we thought him handsome , for an old man .
she looked like a slender red lily in the unstudied grace of her attitude .
a spark flashed into Mr Campbell 's black eyes .
the magic of her voice worked its will on Mr Campbell , as on all others .
he came in , sat down , hooked his thumb into his vest pocket , and smiled at her .
this was a poser for us .
but the Story Girl was quite equal to it .
Mr Campbell chuckled .
but I shall make you a fair offer .
I shall pay you in proportion to the entertainment you afford me .
there was a fine mockery in his tone that put the Story Girl on her mettle instantly .
she sprang to her feet , an amazing change coming over her .
her eyes flashed and burned ; crimson spots glowed in her cheeks .
we gasped .
was the Story Girl crazy ?
but Mr Campbell chuckled again .
it was bitter , bitter cold , and a storm was brewing .
he had many rivals .
Donald was not overly glad to see him , for he suspected where he was going .
then Donald brought out the whisky .
they always did that eighty years ago , you know .
has Jean McLean made up with her man yet ?
and is it true that Sandy McQuarrie is to marry Kate Ferguson ?
he didn't notice that Donald was not taking much .
this was more than he had expected .
he felt sure deep down in his heart , that Nancy liked HIM .
but Donald knew that if Neil proposed first he would have the best chance .
if he told Nancy she must take Neil Campbell she would never dream of disobeying him .
old Elias Sherman was a man who had to be obeyed .
at last Neil 's head fell forward on his breast , and he was sound asleep .
Donald got up , put on his overcoat and cap , and went to the door .
SUPPOSE he was mistaken .
sure he 's sleeping well .
and the snow is coming soon .
I hope no harm will come to the lad if he starts to cross .
well , Bess , old girl , here we are .
oh , she was very beautiful !
Donald felt more nervous than ever .
but he knew he must make the most of his chance .
he might not see Nancy alone again before Neil came .
Donald knew Neil must be soon on his track .
he persuaded Nancy to go with him to visit some friends in another settlement .
there was nobody there but Betty Sherman , and Betty was not afraid of him .
she was never afraid of anybody .
but when I meet him it is not laughing he will be doing .
oh , no .
the Story Girl curtsied until her silken skirts swept the floor .
then she flung herself in her chair and looked at Mr Campbell , flushed , triumphant , daring .
the story was old to us .
Donald and Neil , Nancy and Betty , were there in that room with us .
we had even forgotten all about Mr Campbell .
some day you will make the world realize it .
we stared .
well might Mr Campbell be called eccentric .
even the Story Girl was surprised .
she repeated it simply , but her voice changed from one tone to another as each in succession grew tired .
we had never dreamed that there was so much in the multiplication table .
Mr Campbell nodded his satisfaction .
I thought of it when I heard yours .
then he let us go .
that night we heard Felicity talking to Cecily in their room .
a TRAGEDY OF CHILDHOOD
the Story Girl went to Charlottetown for a week in June to visit Aunt Louisa .
life seemed very colourless without her , and even Felicity admitted that it was lonesome .
to think that Jerry Cowan should have seen such a picture often !
we were as deeply impressed as Felix had meant us to be .
I think we all shared her fear to some extent .
nevertheless , we went to school the next day burning with curiosity .
and we were disappointed .
possibly night had brought counsel to Jerry Cowan ; or perhaps his mother had put him up to it .
but the general consensus of opinion was that we must have the picture , no matter what pecuniary sacrifices were involved .
if we could each give about seven cents we would have the amount .
Peter could only give four , but Dan gave eleven , which squared matters .
we all wondered .
we were all intensely excited Saturday morning .
to our dismay , it began to rain just before dinner .
the girls put on their second best dresses , and we boys donned white collars .
we waited and watched at the window .
Jerry HAD brought it in a fish-basket , as appeared when he mounted the granary stairs shortly afterwards .
it was folded up in a newspaper packet on top of the dried herring with which the basket was filled .
we paid him his money , but we would not open the packet until he had gone .
with trembling fingers Cecily opened the parcel .
we stood around , hardly breathing .
she unfolded it and held it up .
we saw it .
suddenly Sara began to cry .
we all wished that too late .
as we stood there wretchedly we heard flying feet below and a blithe voice calling ,
the Story Girl had returned !
at any other moment we would have rushed to meet her in wild joy .
the Story Girl looked .
an expression of scorn came over her face .
he is wonderful and beautiful .
I 'm surprised at you .
hope sprang up in our hearts , although we were not wholly convinced .
at any other time we would never have dared catechize the minister about anything .
but desperate cases call for desperate measures .
we drew straws to see who should go and do the asking , and the lot fell to Felix .
Felix took her advice .
the rest of us remained in the background but within hearing .
the minister looked at the picture .
we began to breathe easier .
he found it in a red-covered history of the world .
we should not even try to think what He looks like .
never believe anything else , my boy .
that was enough for us .
we felt as if a terrible weight had been lifted from our minds .
we had lost something of infinitely more value than fifty cents , although we did not realize it just then .
the mischief was done .
it was so nice to have the Story Girl back again .
she had wreathed her hair with Canterbury Bells , and looked like the incarnation of rhyme and story and dream .
let's go over to Uncle Stephen 's Walk , and sit on the branches of the big tree .
nobody seemed to know anything about them .
they had been there when Great-grandfather King bought the place .
I have never seen them elsewhere , or found them described in any floral catalogue .
we called them the White Ladies .
the Story Girl gave them the name .
I do love to tell stories that I know really happened .
Mrs Dunbar lives next door to Aunt Louisa in town .
she is so sweet .
aunt Louisa told me the tale .
it all happened long , long ago .
interesting things like this all did happen long ago , it seems to me .
they never seem to happen now .
it was just like a fever , Aunt Louisa says .
it was a long and dangerous journey ; and sometimes it took over six months .
when you got there you had no way of sending word home again except by the same plan .
they made all their arrangements , and they chartered the brig Fanny to take them to California .
his name was Alan Dunbar , and he was young and handsome .
heroes always are , you know , but Aunt Louisa says he really was .
and he was in love wildly in love , with Margaret Grant .
and Margaret felt that she could never let him go .
the Story Girl looked at Peter with a frown .
she did not like to be interrupted when telling a story .
Peter , crushed but not convinced , subsided , and the Story Girl went on .
Alan intended to take his wife with him to California in the Fanny .
they had three days ONLY three days of happiness , and then the blow fell .
the crew and the passengers of the Fanny refused to let Captain Dunbar take his wife with him .
they told him he must leave her behind .
and all his prayers were of no avail .
there was heartbreak in the Story Girl 's voice and tears came into our eyes .
oh , it is so dreadful just to WAIT , and do nothing else .
Margaret waited for nearly a year .
Alan was DEAD .
he had died in California and had been buried there .
Cecily sprang up , shaking with sobs .
let us go and get something to eat .
we went .
in spite of new disappointments and old heartbreaks we had appetites .
and Felicity did make scrumptious rhubarb tarts !
felicity was a good second with two and a half .
this was simply because the hens had laid so well .
she came up the hill after tea , all radiant .
I had a letter to-day from Uncle Arthur in Winnipeg , and he sent me three dollars .
she thinks it 's an awful waste , but she always goes by what Uncle Arthur says .
we went promptly .
before coming to Carlisle , Uncle Blair Stanley had been a mere name to us .
now he was a personality .
he belonged to a different world from theirs .
they had never known him very intimately or understood him .
I realize now that Uncle Blair was a bit of a Bohemian a respectable sort of tramp .
had he been a poor man he might have been a more successful artist .
but Uncle Blair could do at least one thing surpassingly well .
he could write letters .
by contrast , Felix and I were secretly ashamed of father 's epistles .
father could talk well but , as Felix said , he couldn't write worth a cent .
it was hard to believe that one of US should ever go there .
so it was possible that the Story Girl might go too .
we sat there and talked until the first star lighted a white taper over the beech hill .
I had not grown a single bit , by the merciless testimony of the hall door .
as I did so , Dan 's voice rang out behind me .
I thrust the box hastily into my trunk and confronted Dan .
Dan was too much in earnest to resent my blunt speech .
he said he wasn't going to sell any of it to anybody else .
it had nothing to do with my mouth !
he said it would make me grow tall .
I don't see what you wanted it for !
Kate Marr says it 's like a gash in a pie .
well , there it was !
nor were we the only victims .
we did not find the whole story out at once .
but I shall anticipate the successive relations in this chapter .
Felix had believed blissfully that it would make him thin .
Peg Bowen had had nothing to do with it .
well , we had all been badly hoaxed .
but we did not trumpet our wrongs abroad .
we did not even call Billy to account .
we went very softly indeed , lest the grown-ups , especially that terrible Uncle Roger , should hear of it .
but I am afraid she measured his conscience by her own .
I doubt very much if Billy 's troubled him at all .
we were all in the hayloft .
the Story Girl had been telling us a tale
a cat in a hayloft is a beautiful example of the eternal fitness of things .
it would just be stupidity if you didn't .
it 's only vanity when you get puffed up about them .
I am not a bit pretty .
my only good points are my hair and eyes and feet .
I 'm always glad when it gets warm enough to go barefooted .
you know it yourself .
Even Felix and I , who had seen such shows galore , were interested , and the rest were quite wild .
there had never been such a thing in Carlisle before .
we were all going , Peter included .
Peter went everywhere with us now .
felicity was resigned , although the fatal patch on Peter 's best trousers was still an eyesore to her .
but Peter 's stockings were always darned .
there are times when you can't help crying .
but I hide then .
we all showed the sympathy we felt .
so I 'm not to go .
she likes Cecily .
the Story Girl resented Felicity 's superior tone , and proceeded to tempt Sara in right good earnest .
the rest of us held our tongues .
it was , we told ourselves , Sara 's own lookout .
you can have my lace collar .
Sara did yield .
felicity said aside .
the lecturer is going to Markdale next week .
the air was sweet with the breath of mown hayfields where swaths of clover had been steeping in the sun .
wild roses grew pinkly along the fences , and the roadsides were star-dusted with buttercups .
the Story Girl walked uprightly like an incarnate flame in her crimson silk .
but Sara Ray was not happy .
her face was so melancholy that the Story Girl lost patience with her .
the Story Girl herself was not altogether at ease .
probably her own conscience was troubling her .
never mind if it is bad .
there 's no use being naughty if you spoil your fun by wishing all the time you were good .
the Story Girl 's voice expressed her scorn .
for remorse she had understanding and sympathy ; but fear of her fellow creatures was something unknown to her .
it isn't too late .
but Sara could not give up the delights of the show .
the magic lantern show was a splendid one .
we repeated his jokes to each other all the way home .
the Story Girl on the contrary was gloomy .
if Sara Ray had really enjoyed the show I wouldn't mind .
but she didn't .
I could see that .
the wind was playing an eerie fleshless melody in the reeds of the brook hollow .
the sky was dark and starry , and across it the Milky Way flung its shimmering misty ribbons .
he had a retentive memory , and never forgot anything he heard or read .
she had not done so before because he was barefooted .
but Felicity would not walk with a barefooted companion .
it was dark now , so nobody would notice his feet .
Peter would be such a funny name for an angel .
we dried up , and the Story Girl went on .
only one thing could cross it and that was love .
the rest of us came back to earth , feeling that we had been wandering among the hosts of heaven .
then the Story Girl and I walked up the hill together .
Peter and Felicity lagged behind .
Cecily and Dan and Felix were walking before us , hand in hand , singing a hymn .
Cecily had a very sweet voice , and I listened in delight .
but the Story Girl sighed .
THE STORY GIRL DOES PENANCE
Peter and the Story Girl were to stay at Uncle Alec 's during their absence .
but now I understood it all .
when Felicity returned we concluded from her expression that she had news .
and she had .
Mrs Ray says if she isn't better by the morning she 's going to send for the doctor .
felicity flung the last sentence at the Story Girl , who turned very pale .
but Felicity had done her work too thoroughly .
the Story Girl was not to be comforted .
I don't think she did .
and if any of you think of anything I don't , just mention it to me .
I thought it out last night .
we felt sure that she would do penance as picturesquely and thoroughly as she did everything else .
I never thought of that .
I 'll get some after breakfast .
this , we felt , was a heroic measure indeed .
we felt WE could never do it .
but the Story Girl did it .
we admired and pitied her .
but now I do not think that she either needed our pity or deserved our admiration .
her ascetic fare was really sweeter to her than honey of Hymettus .
aunt Janet , of course , noticed the Story Girl 's abstinence and asked if she was sick .
I am just doing penance , Aunt Janet , for a sin I committed .
I can't confess it , because that would bring trouble on another person .
so I 'm going to do penance all day .
Aunt Janet was in a very good humour that morning , so she merely laughed .
and will you give me a handful of hard peas after breakfast , Aunt Janet ?
the Story Girl was much disappointed .
the new peas wouldn't hurt enough .
the Story Girl was crimson with indignation .
really , Aunt Janet could be very dreadful .
but the Story Girl would not come .
and I 'm going to work buttonholes all over this cotton .
the Story Girl looked piteous .
it would be more than flesh and blood could endure .
they say he was all but eaten by cannibals once .
no , I must go , but I 'll tell you what I 'll do .
I 'll wear my school dress and hat .
THAT will be penance .
felicity , when you set the table for dinner , put the broken-handled knife for me .
I hate it so .
and I 'm going to take a dose of Mexican Tea every two hours .
the Story Girl carried out her self-imposed penance fully .
all day she sat in the kitchen and worked buttonholes , subsisting on bread and water and Mexican Tea .
felicity did a mean thing .
she went to work and made little raisin pies , right there in the kitchen before the Story Girl .
felicity ate two in her very presence , and then brought the rest out to us in the orchard .
but she worked on at her buttonholes .
the Story Girl slipped over home , and when she came back we gasped .
the Story Girl chose the latter alternative .
she was highly indignant .
and she had tied her hair with a snuff-brown ribbon which was very unbecoming to her .
the first person we saw in the church porch was Mrs Ray .
she told us that Sara had nothing worse than a feverish cold .
the missionary had at least seven happy listeners that night .
we were all glad that Sara did not have measles , and the Story Girl was radiant .
I feel better since I punished myself .
wasn't the missionary splendid ?
that cannibal story was simply grand .
I tried to remember every word , so that I can tell it just as he told it .
it inspired the rest of us .
I 'll want to know how my money 's being spent .
I won't be able to give much .
my Aunt Jane was fond of missions .
that is for women .
oh , look at the moonshine on the road in that gap between the spruces !
which seemed to settle the question of moonshine dresses effectually .
THE BLUE CHEST OF RACHEL WARD
if a thing really was out of the question she merely laughed and refused to discuss it at all .
you 've been promising Edward for years to visit him , and you 'll never have a better chance .
I think it was Uncle Roger 's last argument which convinced Aunt Janet .
in the end she decided to go .
we were all delighted .
the Story Girl was pleased , too .
uncle Alec and aunts left on Monday morning .
uncle Roger and Peter went away to their work .
I peeled my turnips on the back porch , put them in their pot , and set them on the stove .
then I was at liberty to watch the others , who had longer jobs .
the kitchen was a scene of happy activity .
Felix and I stared .
the old chest filled up the corner between the table and the wall .
who was Cousin Rachel Ward ?
and why were her wedding things shut up in an old blue chest in Uncle Alec 's kitchen ?
we demanded the tale instantly .
perhaps the potatoes suffered Felicity declared the eyes were not properly done at all but the story did not .
grandmother 's cousin Rachel Ward came to spend a winter with them .
she belonged to Montreal and she was an orphan too , just like the Family Ghost .
it spoils the effect .
I feel just the same way .
poor Rachel was so happy that winter ; she made all her wedding things with her own hands .
girls did , then , you know , for there was no such thing as a sewing-machine .
we felt as much of a shock as if we had been one of the expectant guests ourselves .
the Story Girl sighed and resumed her work .
I wish he had been .
THAT would have been suitable and romantic .
no , it was just something horrid .
he had to run away for debt !
he acted mean right through , Aunt Janet says .
then she went away back to Montreal , and took the key with her .
and she has lived in Montreal ever since and never married .
there 's a crack in the back as big as your finger .
but she could not bear that any one but herself should see or touch that one thing .
Ma said she washed her hands of it , moths or no moths .
I asked .
father knows some of the things that are in the chest .
he was ten years old , and he saw her pack it .
Felix and I looked at the chest reverently .
I asked .
Felix had previously acquired the knack of extracting milk from the udder .
he did not get on well ; the cow tramped on his foot , and finally upset the bucket .
uncle Roger 's laughter was hard to bear , but his gravity was harder .
under Felicity 's eyes she set the bread , and on the morrow she was to bake it .
AN OLD PROVERB WITH A NEW MEANING
we were joined on the stairs by Felicity , yawning and rosy .
uncle Roger wanted breakfast at six .
well , I suppose the fire is on anyhow , for the Story Girl is up .
I guess she got up early to knead the bread .
and it 's all done and out of the way .
felicity flew across the kitchen .
the Story Girl turned quite pale .
Bitter indeed was the poor Story Girl 's mortification .
this will go to the hens .
my only hope was to learn this week .
which is the way of human nature .
company descended on us that afternoon .
but Felicity 's foot was on her native heath .
Cecily set the table , and the Story Girl waited on it and washed all the dishes afterwards .
nobody took any notice of her .
it was Felicity 's day .
after tea Mrs Frewen and her sister wished to visit their father 's grave in the Carlisle churchyard .
Dan finally volunteered to look after him .
don't let him go outside , though .
Dan looked around .
his jaw fell in blank amazement .
I never saw any one look as foolish as Dan at that moment .
so are all the windows .
he isn't here .
don't stand round like ninnies .
Dan was too frightened to resent this , at the time .
we tore about the house and yard like maniacs ; we looked into every likely and unlikely place .
Mrs Patterson came , and we had not found him .
things were getting serious .
uncle Roger and Peter were summoned from the field .
Mrs Patterson became hysterical , and was taken into the spare room with such remedies as could be suggested .
everybody blamed poor Dan .
Cecily asked him what he would feel like if Jimmy was never , never found .
the Story Girl had a gruesome recollection of some baby at Markdale who had wandered away like that
felicity , pale and tearful , dropped on her knees and lifted the cretonne frill of the sofa .
there 's Mrs Murphy .
later on we heard her imparting her newly acquired knowledge to Felicity in the pantry .
perhaps our nerves had been upset by the excitement attendant on Jimmy Patterson 's disappearance .
some of us had frightful dreams , and all of us carried chips on our shoulders at breakfast .
in the main they did ; but on this particular morning Dan was plainly inclined to rebel .
Even Cecily , the meek and mild , was snappish , and complained of headache .
Peter had gone home to see his mother , and Uncle Roger had gone to Markdale on business .
Sara Ray came up , but was so snubbed by Felicity that she went home , crying .
felicity got the dinner by herself , disdaining to ask or command assistance .
she banged things about and rattled the stove covers until even Cecily protested from her sofa .
the mince pie was to blame for THAT wish .
by tea-time things had brightened up .
he was retired , and a young man was called to Carlisle .
the young minister slipped into the china closet , and old Mr Scott came into the room .
he talked very nicely , and read , and prayed .
just imagine the feelings of the young minister in the china closet !
and Mr Scott was lovely to him , and shook hands , and never mentioned the china closet .
I wonder what he meant .
this seemed to be a rather unanswerable kind of conundrum .
we never knew their real name .
Dan picked a cluster and held it up .
now , Dan had not had the slightest intention of eating the berries .
but at Felicity 's prohibition the rebellion which had smouldered in him all day broke into sudden flame .
he would show her !
Dan crammed the whole bunch into his capacious mouth and chewed it up .
but nothing occurred immediately .
he lay down on the kitchen sofa .
I whispered anxiously .
I shut up .
we all went to pieces , except Cecily , who alone retained her presence of mind .
the mustard and warm water produced its proper effect promptly , but gave Dan no relief .
he continued to writhe and groan .
Mrs Ray and Judy Pineau were both away .
Cecily took charge of things .
she made the writhing Dan go to bed .
there was no doubt Dan was suffering intense pain .
he moaned and writhed , and cried for his mother .
Peter did not think blueberry wine would be any good .
it was ten o'clock before Dan began to get better ; but from that time he improved rapidly .
Mrs Ray now appeared , looking for Sara , and said she would stay all night with us .
Dan is out of danger , and you can't do any more good .
not that any of you have done much , except Cecily .
we all felt that way .
fortunately Felicity forgot to repeat the command , so Dan did stay in bed .
Cecily carried his meals to him , and read a Henty book to him all her spare time .
overhead the lacing leaves made a green , murmurous roof .
we wondered what it would be like to be a king .
Peter thought it would be fine , only kind of inconvenient , wearing a crown all the time .
the crowns are just for special occasions .
there isn't one in this country anywhere .
we thought it quite sufficiently marvellous that she should expect to have the chance of just seeing them .
Sara Ray wanted to know .
certainly it was a lovely word , as the Story Girl said it .
even a king would not have minded being squelched , if it were done to music like that .
we all stared .
but at last they got a choir , and Andrew McPherson was to sing bass in it .
not old Mr Forbes himself could have invested it with more of Doric scorn .
we rolled over in the cool grass and screamed with laughter .
there were two ministers in particular he blamed for being at the bottom of it .
but it isn't nice for little girls .
she took it very quietly .
in the midst of our laughter Pat came down the Walk , his stately tail waving over the grasses .
he proved to be the precursor of Dan , clothed and in his right mind .
he straightened up and turned a wrathful face on his provoking sister .
then , red with indignation , but without a word , he stalked up the walk .
I should think he 'd be sorry for all the trouble he made last night .
felicity had told him at tea that night he was getting fatter than ever .
this was his tit-for-tat .
it 's dreadful to spoil a whole day .
when Cecily finished she got up and went in search of Dan , resolved to soothe his wounded feelings .
I can't stop him .
we rose in a body and rushed towards the house .
they taste fine .
felicity was not there .
we found her in the kitchen , lighting up the fire .
I wish mother was home , that 's all .
I hope she 'll never go away again .
I counted .
but in an hour 's time Dan was still in good health , and announced his intention of going to bed .
he went , and was soon sleeping as peacefully as if he had nothing on either conscience or stomach .
we were sitting there when Uncle Roger walked in at eleven o'clock .
and with a roaring fire on a night that 's hot enough to melt a brass monkey !
it 's a thankful man I 'll be when your father and mother come home .
the wretched bachelor who undertakes to look after a houseful of children like you is to be pitied .
that last question was the most unkindest cut of all .
it really was unpardonable .
her red lips quivered and the tears of wounded pride brimmed over in her beautiful blue eyes .
Friday was a comfortable day in the household of King .
everybody was in good humour .
but Sara always denied it ; so I am inclined to believe Felix simply made it up himself .
he resented being called a sweet cat .
he had a sense of humour , had Pat .
Paddy had a finer taste .
the Story Girl and I were the only ones who could pay him compliments to his liking .
oh , Sara , Sara !
uncle Roger ate three slices of it at tea-time and told Felicity she was an artist .
accordingly , after tea we all set off , armed with jugs and cups .
the raspberries were plentiful , and we were not long in filling our receptacles .
well , the Story Girl was right .
on that day the gates of Eden are shut behind them and the age of gold is over .
henceforth they must dwell in the common light of common day .
I 'm growing so fast , Aunt Olivia says I 'll have to wear ankle skirts next summer .
I asked .
but she would tell us nothing more .
but the orchard was a place of shadows and mysterious sounds .
I felt a crinkly feeling along my back which I had never known before .
but such abject terror as his could not be counterfeited .
you must have imagined it , Peter .
there wasn't a soul in it then , that I 'm sure of .
I druv the cows to the pasture , and I got back about fifteen minutes ago .
I tell you I was skeered .
you wouldn't catch any of us doing it .
we were almost as badly scared as Peter .
oh , what an eerie place that orchard was !
what spooky swooping of bats !
felicity had no intention of going and seeing .
nothing like that ever happened in our family .
we peered fearfully through the gloom .
there WAS something something that wavered and fluttered advanced retreated
oh , what shall we do ?
uncle Roger may not be back for hours .
there was not a great deal of comfort in this .
we were almost as much afraid of Peg Bowen as we would be of any spectral visitant .
Peter scoffed at the idea .
don't you say another word !
I can't bear it !
the Story Girl didn't .
but she had said enough .
there was something in the quality of a ghost with eyeholes but no eyes that froze our young blood .
we split the air with a simultaneous shriek .
he struggled out of my clasp and disappeared over the long grasses with soundless leaps .
presently the moon rose ; but this only made matters worse .
the old house , with its dreadful secret , was white and clear against the dark background of spruces .
we were woefully tired , but we could not sit down because the grass was reeking with dew .
uncle Roger did not come until nearly ten .
never was there a more welcome sound than the rumble of his wheels in the lane .
he stared at us in the moonlight .
Peter heard it .
peter , where 's the key ?
uncle Roger unlocked and flung open the front door .
as he did so , clear and sweet , rang out ten bell-like chimes .
we had to wait until Uncle Roger stopped laughing before we heard the explanation .
he had it going merrily in no time .
we heard Uncle Roger chuckling all the way to the barn .
I don't care if the joke is as much on myself as any one .
but it IS hateful to be laughed at and grown-ups always do it .
it was not , for any one but Cecily , who couldn't swallow a mouthful .
THE PROOF OF THE PUDDING
felicity was cumbered with many cares the next morning .
it was agreed that the latter was to make a cornmeal pudding for dinner .
but Felicity had no time to oversee her this morning .
the Story Girl did not bother her once .
if it had not been for the abundant supply of sauce it would have been very dry eating indeed .
eaten it was , however , to the last crumb .
we could not see any connection between Peter 's two questions .
then we laughed until Peter got sulky .
Tommy and Adam Cowan , over at Markdale , are twins ; and they 're both cross-eyed .
so I s'posed that was what being twins meant .
but Peter was not to be conciliated , and took himself off in high dudgeon .
to be laughed at before Felicity to be laughed at BY Felicity was something he could not endure .
presently she came out , frowning .
the Story Girl 's face wore a quite indescribable expression , compound of horror and shame .
she need not have confessed .
felicity and Cecily stared blankly at the Story Girl .
the poor Story Girl went very white .
he groaned and twisted and doubled himself up .
but he overdid it .
he was not as good an actor as the Story Girl .
felicity looked scornfully at him .
you 'd have me kilt entirely by another day .
I don't believe there were any needles in that sawdust .
we all laughed .
but Felicity soon grew sober .
the threat was effectual .
never did we mention that unholy pudding .
but the Story Girl could not so impose silence on the grown-ups , especially Uncle Roger .
he tormented her for the rest of the summer .
and Aunt Olivia was warned to label all the pincushions in the house .
HOW KISSING WAS DISCOVERED
an August evening , calm , golden , dewless , can be very lovely .
in the west was a field of crocus sky over which pale cloud blossoms were scattered .
but S'POSEN you got one like Andrew Ward ?
the Story Girl was barefooted and barearmed , having rolled the sleeves of her pink gingham up to her shoulders .
her wild , subtle , nameless charm clothed her as with a garment .
the Story Girl came out of her shadows and sat down beside us on the grass .
wouldn't you like to hear it ?
the Story Girl scattered her roses around her on the grass , and clasped her slim hands over her knees .
before that , nobody had ever heard of kissing .
and then it was just discovered in the twinkling of an eye .
and a man wrote it down and the account has been preserved ever since .
so he took his knapsack and his shepherd 's crook , and wandered away until he came to Thessaly .
the name of the hill was Olympus .
but it has nothing to do with this story .
but she never let him suspect it for ever so long .
and in the evening they would lead the sheep home together .
something was sparkling very brightly among its pebbles .
Aglaia picked it up , and it was the most beautiful little stone that she had ever seen .
Aglaia was so delighted with it that she resolved to take it as a present to Glaucon .
the gods were not all beautiful , you know .
if she could only reach Glaucon he would protect her .
Aglaia had done nothing of the sort .
now she poked it out between her red lips , where it glittered in the sunlight .
then Glaucon had a brilliant idea .
he would take the beautiful stone from Aglaia 's lips with his own lips .
kissing was discovered !
I will tell you what I think .
I don't think Aglaia swallowed the stone .
Wheels it was .
two wagons were driving up the lane .
we rushed to the house and there were Uncle Alec and Aunt Janet and Aunt Olivia !
the excitement was quite tremendous .
what laughter and questioning and telling of tales followed , what smiles and bright eyes and glad voices .
how has everything gone ?
there were times when one couldn't help liking Uncle Roger .
we were all in the orchard , except Felix , who had gone to the post-office .
it was the forenoon of an August Saturday .
the fad was at once taken up by the Carlisle schoolgirls .
but timothy roots were fashionable , therefore timothy roots must be eaten .
pecks of them must have been devoured in Carlisle that summer .
our morning chores were done and the day was before us .
the Story Girl was sitting on the mint beside the well-house , weaving herself a wreath of buttercups .
felicity was sipping from the cup of clouded blue with an overdone air of unconcern .
felicity could not succeed .
the Story Girl managed it better .
we had not passed a very pleasant week .
an air of restraint was over all our games and conversations .
but it was more bitter than the general run of their tiffs , and the consequences were apparent to all .
they had not spoken to each other since .
this was not because the rancour of either lasted so long .
on the contrary it passed speedily away , not even one low descending sun going down on their wrath .
but dignity remained to be considered .
I asked Cecily , as we talked the matter over privately in Uncle Stephen 's Walk .
she got excited about something and spoke to Felicity before she thought , and then it was all right .
but I 'm afraid it isn't going to be like that this time .
don't you notice how careful the Story Girl is not to get excited ?
Dan does say such queer things .
he says there 's a heaven all right , but no no HELL .
I don't want Dan to grow up like that .
it isn't respectable .
they wouldn't feel at home .
he just said it to sound smart and make us stare .
the Marrs are all like that .
if she had spoken first the other times it was surely Felicity 's turn this time .
that , he said , had always been his Aunt Jane 's rule .
Sara Ray thought Felicity should speak first , because the Story Girl was half an orphan .
Felix tried to make peace between them , and met the usual fate of all peacemakers .
after that , Felix declared it would serve Felicity right if the Story Girl never spoke to her again .
Dan had no patience with either of the girls , especially Felicity .
if only a spanking would mend the matter it was not likely it would ever be mended .
the Story Girl finished her wreath and put it on .
the buttercups drooped over her high , white brow and played peep with her glowing eyes .
we never heard the story of the man who always had his own opinion .
Felix came tearing up the lane , with a newspaper in his hand .
we were not left long in doubt .
the orchard gate flew open and Felix was among us .
one glimpse of his face told us that he was no bearer of glad tidings .
he had been running hard and should have been rubicund .
I could not have asked him what was the matter had my life depended on it .
Felix held out the newspaper it was the Charlottetown Daily Enterprise .
Cecily 's prayer had been answered .
excitement had come with a vengeance , and under its stress Felicity had spoken first .
but this , like the breaking of the cup , had no significance for us at the moment .
that was exactly the position of us all .
as in the case of the bell-ringing ghost , we did not believe but we trembled .
I 'll just have to be satisfied with making up my mind to be a Presbyterian or a Methodist .
ah , Felicity !
what a black and endless list they made those sins of omission and commission that rushed accusingly across our young memories !
and to-morrow might be the great and terrible day of the last accounting !
but if to-morrow isn't the Judgment Day we must be careful never to quarrel again .
but to whom could we appeal ?
neither Aunt Janet nor Uncle Roger were people to whom we cared to apply in such a crisis .
we were afraid of the Judgment Day ; but we were almost equally afraid of being laughed at .
I don't know how I can put my thoughts into it when the Judgment Day may be to-morrow .
felicity picked up the Enterprise and betook herself to the house .
we awaited her return in dire suspense .
but we went .
uncle Roger was in his barn-yard , hitching his black mare into the buggy .
his copy of the Enterprise was sticking out of his pocket .
he looked , as we saw with sinking hearts , unusually grave and preoccupied .
there was not a glimmer of a smile about his face .
uncle Roger shook his head .
he got into his buggy and drove away , leaving eight distracted mortals behind him .
I wouldn't have disobeyed her so often if I 'd thought the Judgment Day was so near .
he can never help that .
you know he would think it a great joke to frighten us like this .
he 's not such a well-educated man as the editor of the Enterprise .
there was little comfort for us in that vivid and terrible picture .
I suppose they must be boiled even if it is the Judgment Day to-morrow .
then we plunged down into fear and wretchedness again .
but I just can't stand it back there alone .
it was finally decided that Dan and Felix should go .
I wanted to go also , but the girls protested .
and I can't knit any at my lace .
so I stayed with the girls , and a miserable afternoon we had of it .
Sara Ray cried until I wondered how one small head could contain all the tears she shed .
but I do not believe she was half as much frightened as disappointed that she had no white dress .
now , Sara had always coveted this particular jug .
she stopped crying long enough to clutch it delightedly .
felicity needn't be giving any hints !
with the gathering shades of night our plight became pitiful .
but now , in this time of shadows , dread belief clutched us and wrung us with terror .
our grown-ups , instead , considered our terror an exquisite jest .
aunt Janet 's throaty gurgle and Aunt Olivia 's trilling mirth floated out through the open window .
we were sitting on the cellar hatch , watching what might be our last sunset o'er the dark hills of time .
Peter was with us .
this was a new horror , which had not occurred to us .
but Sara departed , weeping .
she did not , however , forget to carry the forget-me-not jug with her .
such a constantly tearful damsel was not a pleasant companion .
Cecily and Felicity and the Story Girl did not cry .
they were made of finer , firmer stuff .
Dry-eyed , with such courage as they might , they faced whatever might be in store for them .
it was an ominous sunset .
she looked very pretty , with her big blue eyes and warm-hued golden hair .
Peter resolved to stay all night with us , too , not troubling himself about anybody 's permission .
nobody forgot or hurried over his prayers that night .
Sunday morning broke , dull and gray .
we were all up early .
none of us , it appeared , had slept well , and some of us not at all .
Peter , however , had slept soundly enough after twelve o'clock .
Cecily was pale but brave .
for the first time in years she had not put her hair up in curlers on Saturday night .
it was brushed and braided with Puritan simplicity .
at breakfast our appetites were poor .
there was no preaching in Carlisle that day , and Sunday School was not till the evening .
Cecily got out her Lesson Slip and studied the lesson conscientiously .
the rest of us did not see how she could do it .
we could not , that was very certain .
the long dragging hours were hard to endure .
he was through Genesis by eleven and beginning on Exodus .
but the long drawn out dread was beginning to get on Dan 's nerves .
if we had eaten little at breakfast we could eat still less at dinner .
after dinner the clouds rolled away , and the sun came joyously and gloriously out .
this , we thought , was a good omen .
felicity opined that it wouldn't have cleared up if it was the Judgment Day .
nevertheless , we dressed ourselves carefully , and the girls put on their white dresses .
Sara Ray came up , still crying , of course .
but I 'd have died if I couldn't have come .
and she wasn't a bit cross when I told her I had gone to the magic lantern show .
that 's an awful bad sign .
the world was beautiful and peaceful and green .
Peter looked amazed .
I 'll tell it anyhow .
that 's a promise .
conversation languished .
we watched and waited nervously .
would two o'clock never come and end the suspense ?
we all became very tense .
Even Peter had to stop reading .
any unaccustomed sound or sight in the world about us struck on our taut senses like the trump of doom .
a cloud passed over the sun and as the sudden shadow swept across the orchard we turned pale and trembled .
a wagon rumbling over a plank bridge in the hollow made Sara Ray start up with a shriek .
I entreated the Story Girl .
she shook her head .
we watched her white-clad figure pass through the gate and enter the front door .
a few minutes passed or a few years we could not have told which .
then Cecily came running at full speed back to us .
but when she reached us she trembled so much that at first she could not speak .
mother forgot to wind it up last night and it stopped .
we looked at each other , realizing what our dread had been , now that it was lifted .
it was not the Judgment Day .
Sara Ray and Peter and the Story Girl went home , and we went in to tea with royal appetites .
accordingly , we heard it the next morning in the orchard .
and she didn't like anything but refined words .
it 's horses that sweat .
August went out and September came in .
that is the way with so many words .
the Story Girl sighed again .
she loved expressive words , and treasured them as some girls might have treasured jewels .
to her , they were as lustrous pearls , threaded on the crimson cord of a vivid fancy .
certainly it wasn't .
surely not even the straitest sect of the grown-ups could call it so .
but Peter was not to be so crushed .
he had in him a certain toughness of fibre , that would have been proof against a whole dictionary .
and she was smart .
but that was three years ago .
isn't she a dandy ?
she 's got a skin like black satin .
felicity tossed her golden tressed head and tried to look angry , but made a dismal failure of it .
the Story Girl never held the Family Guide in such reverence as did Felicity and Cecily .
the label was lost .
he said it was a Fameuse and she declared it was a Yellow Transparent .
they fought over it till the neighbours came out to listen .
finally he got so angry that he told her to shut up .
I suppose she thought she would teach him manners , for would you believe it ?
that woman did shut up , and never spoke one single word to her husband for five years .
and then she spoke at last .
it stops when she spoke at last .
we 'll see who 'll have the most interesting collection .
they were ten cents apiece , with ruled pages and mottled green covers .
I hear their laughing voices , I see their bright , unclouded eyes .
Felix sits on the right of the Story Girl , fat and stodgy , grimly in earnest even over dreams .
he writes with his knees stuck up to form a writing-desk , and he always frowns fiercely the whole time .
Sara Ray is at his left .
almost every night battle , murder , or sudden death played some part in her visions .
I was considered to possess a pretty knack of composition .
Sara Ray 's own dreams never amounted to much .
consequently , her dream book was very monotonous .
I 've seen Aunt Jane look at me just like that woman looks at her baby .
Ma never looks so .
I wish I could dream of my Aunt Jane .
Felix , that sober , solid fellow , dreamed constantly of flying through the air .
Cecily 's might be more dramatic , but Felix 's was more amusing .
I thought I was up to her house and she took after me .
you bet I scooted .
I felt her skinny hand reach out and clutch my shoulder .
I 'm sure I hope I 'll never dream Peg Bowen chases me .
Peg cleared out , and she went across his pasture , muttering to herself and throwing her arms round .
I 'll have a farm of my own and cows and everything .
everybody thought this was funny , except Felix .
he would not speak to Peter for two days because of it .
felicity also got into trouble because of her dreams .
felicity had never received a sharper scolding .
she was used to her mother 's bitter tongue , and she was not unduly sensitive .
and that , of course , was all that really mattered .
grown people were so strangely oblivious to the truly important things of life .
what coin of earthly minting will ever buy back for you that lost and lovely vision ?
SUCH STUFF AS DREAMS ARE MADE ON
and then I found that I hadn't a stitch of clothes on NOT ONE BLESSED STITCH .
there was nothing bad in it .
I 'm pretty sure Aunt Jane wouldn't think it was proper to tell such a dream .
so Peter never told that dream , nor did he write it down .
but no indelicate thought or vulgar word could have been shaped or uttered in their presence .
Dan was once guilty of swearing .
uncle Alec whipped him for it the only time he ever so punished any of his children .
but it was because Cecily cried all night that Dan was filled with saving remorse and repentance .
he vowed next day to Cecily that he would never swear again , and he kept his word .
but there was something up , we felt sure of that .
she was not well , so Aunt Olivia told Aunt Janet .
Peter was not proof against this double attack .
he yielded and told the secret .
I expected the Story Girl would overwhelm him with scorn and indignation .
but she took it very coolly .
aunt Olivia knew nothing about it , of course .
I should have stopped with the pie and pickles and left the tarts alone .
he woke up before the water got hot , though .
well , Miss Felicity , you 're pretty smart .
it 's to be ready by Saturday .
having discovered how to produce exciting dreams , we all promptly followed the example of Peter and the Story Girl .
Sara shook her fawn-coloured head mournfully .
Peter was the only one who kept his normal poise .
nothing could upset that boy 's stomach .
soon the house was dark and silent .
from the room she had left came moans and cries .
in a few minutes the whole house was astir .
she was even worse than Dan had been when he had eaten the bad berries .
aunt Janet and Felicity administered all the homely remedies they could think of , but to no effect .
Cecily was no better when the doctor came .
she was .
and we were all miserable in company .
I just told her as a favour .
that will be what will happen this time , too .
presently , also , the laughter of the grown-ups mingled with ours .
the Story Girl was in great fettle that night .
never had her tales sparkled with such wit and archness .
the Story Girl began it glibly .
for the first time since I had known her I wanted to draw away from the Story Girl .
looking around on the faces of the group , I saw that they all shared my feeling .
Cecily had put her hands over her eyes .
aunt Olivia was pale and troubled .
the light in her narrowed orbs was the cold , merciless gleam of the serpent 's eye .
when the tale ended there was a brief silence .
then Aunt Janet said severely , but with a sigh of relief ,
I don't like telling such stories either .
they make me feel dreadful .
genius can never explain how it does it .
it would not be genius if it could .
and the Story Girl had genius .
as we left the orchard I walked along behind Uncle Roger and Aunt Olivia .
you and I , Olivia , never had our chance .
this was my first inkling of what I was to understand more fully in later years .
THE BEWITCHMENT OF PAT
on Friday he moped and refused his saucer of new milk at milking time .
at that Cecily and Felicity and Sara Ray all began crying , and we boys felt choky .
and he marched off whistling .
of course we had tried the lard and powder treatment again , smearing Pat 's paws and sides liberally .
but to our dismay , Pat made no effort to lick it off .
we all looked at him .
she said it quietly ; but Peter obeyed .
I know I should .
the Story Girl looked at Peter , at the rest of us , and then at poor Pat .
but wait till I tell you .
when Peg Bowen was leaving Pat stretched out on the steps .
she tramped on his tail .
she put a spell on Pat , that 's what she did .
we looked at each other in miserable , perplexed silence .
Cecily began to weep afresh .
at first we were appalled by the suggestion .
we didn't believe that Peg Bowen was a witch .
but then , there was poor Pat !
but there was some uncertainty in the Story Girl 's voice .
I 'm scared of Peg Bowen , and I don't care who knows it .
we looked at Paddy who continued to stare fixedly before him with unwinking eyes .
uncle Roger came out and looked at him also , with what seemed to us positively brutal unconcern .
that mystery is solved .
is she a witch ?
I asked .
aunt Olivia says she is a good scholar .
she went to school and was a smart girl until she became crazy .
but it 's the only thing to do .
she says she isn't a beggar .
but she 'll take anything else .
I shall give her my string of blue beads .
even if she hasn't got rheumatism it 's a real handsome ring .
we adjourned to the granary to indite the important document , which the Story Girl was to compose .
Peter again came to the rescue with a practical suggestion .
do you think you could cure him ?
and will you please try ?
but it was decided to leave them in and we all signed the letter .
we did not think it necessary to inform the grown-ups of our errand , or its nature .
Grown-ups had such peculiar views .
they might forbid our going at all and they would certainly laugh at us .
we walked very closely together , and we did not talk .
of course , Peg wasn't a witch , but it was best to be on the safe side .
finally we came to the lane which led directly to her abode .
we were all very pale now , and our hearts were beating .
the red September sun hung low between the tall spruces to the west .
it did not look to me just right for a sun .
in fact , everything looked uncanny .
I wished our errand were well over .
in spite of my fear I looked at it with some curiosity .
it was a small , shaky building with a sagging roof , set amid a perfect jungle of weeds .
the only door was in the upper story , and was reached by a flight of rickety steps .
we thought of Uncle Roger 's gruesome hints .
could that black cat be Peg ?
but still it didn't look like an ordinary cat .
it was so large and had such green , malicious eyes !
plainly , there was something out of the common about the beastie !
her brown fingers trembled and her face was very pale .
suddenly the door above us opened , and Peg Bowen herself appeared on the threshold .
she was scowling , and her flashing black eyes held no friendly light .
but now our strained nerves gave way , and sheer panic seized us .
Peter gave a little yelp of pure terror .
we turned and fled across the clearing and into the woods .
Wild was that scamper , as nightmare-like as any recorded in our dream books .
presently we were in the field beyond the brook .
we were all , except Peter , more or less inclined to agree with her .
the Story Girl announced that she would take him into the kitchen and sit up all night with him .
we did not think Aunt Olivia would give her permission to stay up ; but Aunt Olivia did .
aunt Olivia really was a duck .
we wanted to stay with her also , but Aunt Janet wouldn't hear of such a thing .
and I 'm sure He 's abler to help him than Peg Bowen .
of course I won't mix it up with more important things .
as soon as we were up the next morning we rushed off to Uncle Roger 's .
then he licked himself all over and went to sleep , too , on the sofa .
when I woke Pat was washing his face , and he has taken a whole saucerful of milk .
thus faith , superstition , and incredulity strove together amongst us , as in all history .
a CUP OF FAILURE
two voices ring out for me above all others in the music that echoes through the halls of recollection .
Cecily 's sweet and silvery , and Uncle Alec 's fine tenor .
aunt Julia had been the flower of the flock in that respect and had become a noted concert singer .
the world had never heard of the rest .
that evening , after they tired of singing , our grown-ups began talking of their youthful days and doings .
it wasn't cushioned , however , and he always bruised his hands in his self-forgetful earnestness .
we thought him a regular wonder .
our uncles roared with laughter over the recollection .
he was a plucky little beggar .
very reverently we all listened to the majestic words .
the dusk crept into the orchard like a dim , bewitching personality .
we were on the lookout for some new amusement .
dream books had begun to pall .
we had good reason to hope that it wasn't .
this , he argued , would make it quite lawful and proper to play on Sunday .
in the midst of our hilarity , however , Uncle Alec and Aunt Janet came down upon us .
it is best to draw a veil over what followed .
secretly , I believed I could cut quite a fine figure preaching a sermon .
Felix , I thought , would be hard put to it to beat it .
as for Peter , I did not consider him a rival to be feared .
Paddy stood the test fairly well .
Mr Marwood had at least three absorbed listeners the next Sunday morning .
not a motion , or glance , or intonation escaped us .
in the afternoon we all repaired to the orchard , Bibles and hymn books in hand .
we did not think it necessary to inform the grown-ups of what was in the wind .
you could never tell what kink a grown-up would take .
our opening exercises consisted solely of singing and reading .
we had agreed to omit prayer .
neither Felix , Peter nor I felt equal to praying in public .
but we took up a collection .
the proceeds were to go to missions .
Dan passed the plate Felicity 's rosebud plate looking as preternaturally solemn as Elder Frewen himself .
every one put a cent on it .
well , I preached my sermon .
and it fell horribly flat .
but my audience was plainly bored .
it had made no impression at all .
Felix would be sure to get the prize .
Sara Ray put the finishing touch to my mortification .
I asked Dan that night .
since he was neither judge nor competitor I could discuss the matter with him .
PETER MAKES AN IMPRESSION
Peter 's turn came next .
he did not write his sermon out .
that , he averred , was too hard work .
nor did he mean to take a text .
it would doubtless have made a much deeper impression .
the next Sunday was in October , and a lovely day it was , warm and bland as June .
the woods had wrapped fine-woven gossamers about them and the westering hill was crimson and gold .
we sat around the Pulpit Stone and waited for Peter and Sara Ray .
presently he arrived and mounted the granite boulder as if to the manor born .
therefore Peter proceeded with the service .
that was a fine touch which I had not thought of .
I began to think that , after all , Peter might be a foeman worthy of my steel .
then he plunged in without further ado , speaking in his ordinary conversational tone another unorthodox thing .
it was not a forgettable kind of sermon .
an electric shock seemed to run through the audience .
everybody looked suddenly alert .
he had made an impression .
and you mustn't tell lies and you mustn't murder any one .
you must be specially careful not to murder any one .
I don't quarrel with my sister any oftener than she quarrels with me .
Peter stopped and glared at him over the edge of the Pulpit Stone .
that 's the Methodist way and it is all right for them .
I haven't a word to say against Methodists .
but you ain't a Methodist .
how can any one preach a good sermon if he is always being interrupted ?
you must not say bad words or swear .
Peter looked at her reproachfully .
Mr Scott stopped until he had taken his seat .
I hope you won't be late for heaven .
Peter squared his shoulders and took hold of the edge of the pulpit .
he proceeded to describe the bad place .
but at the time we supposed he must be drawing from Biblical sources .
therefore , his utterances carried all the weight of inspiration , and we sat appalled before his lurid phrases .
suddenly Sara Ray sprang to her feet with a scream a scream that changed into strange laughter .
Cecily and Felicity sprang up and caught hold of her .
she shrieked , cried , laughed , and flung herself about .
the rest of us looked at each other in terrified questioning .
uncle Alec came striding down the orchard .
but there was no doubt that he was very angry .
his blue eyes fairly blazed at us as he said ,
I don't know what the result will be to that nervous delicate child .
she is shrieking in there and nothing will quiet her .
the Story Girl and Peter went humbly home and we went with them .
but THEY have been children , and I don't see why they can't understand us .
of course , perhaps we shouldn't have had the contest on Sundays .
Poor Sara did not have to be .
Peter granted it rather grumpily , and I fear that he never really quite forgave Sara for her untimely outburst .
Felix , too , felt resentment against her , because he had lost the chance of preaching his sermon .
Dan made a face to begin with .
we went to the seedling tree and got an apple apiece .
Peter again distinguished himself .
in every subsequent trial it was the same .
it sent him up fifty per cent in Felicity 's estimation .
THE ORDEAL OF BITTER APPLES
I could never understand why Felix took Peter 's success in the Ordeal of Bitter Apples so much to heart .
it haunted his waking hours and obsessed his nights .
I heard him talking in his sleep about it .
if anything could have made him thin the way he worried over this matter would have done it .
Felix prayed earnestly that he might be enabled to eat a bitter apple without making a face .
but Felix was vastly encouraged .
but this devoutly desired consummation did not come to pass .
in spite of prayers and heroic attempts , Felix could never get beyond that last bite .
for a time he could not understand this .
I think that is a dreadful way to talk about praying and I told her so .
Felix was very indignant and aggrieved as well .
I 'll tell you what I believe is the reason .
I never prayed that you couldn't eat a bitter apple .
surely you can arrange it some other way .
let's all give up the Ordeal , anyway .
there isn't much fun in it .
Miss Marwood was Felix ' Sunday School teacher and he was very fond of her .
but by this time Felix was quite reckless .
felicity tried another tack .
after that , no moral force on earth could have prevented Felix from fighting .
he would have faced an army with banners .
Cecily had but one more shot in her locker .
I may be mistaken , but I do not believe the Story Girl wanted that fight stopped .
and I am far from being sure that Felicity did either .
it was a nice , remote , bosky place where no prowling grown-up would be likely to intrude .
and thither we all resorted at sunset .
he 'll get out of breath in no time .
and Peter is such a cool customer , and he 's a year older than Felix .
but then Felix has had some practice .
he has fought boys in Toronto .
when we arrived behind the granary the others were all there .
Cecily was very pale , and Felix and Peter were taking off their coats .
Cecily , keep quiet .
Cecily gave a shriek and ran out of the wood .
Felix and Peter drew apart after that first onset , and circled about one another warily .
he was not angry .
there was a quizzical look in his eyes .
but he took the combatants by their shirt collars and dragged them apart .
remember my commands , Felix .
Peter , Roger is looking for you to wash his buggy .
he turned his back on Cecily .
Dan called her a tell-tale and a baby , and sneered at her until Cecily began to cry .
he says it 's as harmless a way as any of working off their original sin .
Peter and Felix wouldn't have been any worse friends after it .
they 'd have been better friends because the praying question would have been settled .
for once in her life the Story Girl was not as tactful as her wont .
it seems as if he must be right and yet it doesn't seem so .
we only get more mixed up all the time .
let's leave it alone and I 'll tell you a story .
aunt Olivia had a letter today from a friend in Nova Scotia , who lives in Shubenacadie .
and I did .
of course we did .
we all sat down at the roots of the firs .
Felix , having finally squared matters with his nose , turned around and listened also .
her cheeks were still flushed with the excitement of the evening .
one of the young braves was named Accadee .
I like them best that way .
never an arrow of his that did not go straight to the mark .
she stole cautiously through the woods until she came to the brink of a little valley .
below her stood the snow white moose .
the Story Girl paused a dramatic pause .
it was quite dark in the fir wood .
a silvery moon was looking down on us over the granary .
beyond the wood we caught a glimpse of a moonlit world lying in the sharp frost of the October evening .
the sky above it was chill and ethereal and mystical .
the sharp wind blew around the granary and Cecily shivered .
shaking off the spell of firs and moonlight and romantic tale , we scrambled to our feet and went homeward .
I wish summer could last forever .
felicity likes the winter , and so does the Story Girl , but I don't .
they may rob us of our future and embitter our present , but our past they may not touch .
with all its laughter and delight and glamour it is our eternal possession .
nevertheless , we all felt a little of the sadness of the waning year .
then we brightened up .
it was really a very decent world after all .
THE TALE OF THE RAINBOW BRIDGE
he and Peter remained on bad terms for some time , however .
October was a busy month on the hill farms .
we stayed home from school to do it .
some of the apples had to be picked very carefully .
the world beyond the orchard was in a royal magnificence of colouring , under the vivid blue autumn sky .
the Story Girl generally had her head garlanded with their leaves .
they became her vastly .
neither Felicity nor Cecily could have worn them .
those two girls were of a domestic type that assorted ill with the wildfire in Nature 's veins .
the apples from our own birthday trees were stored in separate barrels inscribed with our names .
felicity has not gotten over that to this day .
the constellations of autumn scintillated above us .
Peter and the Story Girl knew all about them , and imparted their knowledge to us generously .
the Great Square of Pegasus was over our heads .
you might as well say I had black hair .
we argued over it seriously , but finally had to give it up .
I forget what we did to Felix .
a shower came up in the evening and we had to stop picking .
after the shower there was a magnificent double rainbow .
Odin was the great god of the northland , you know .
and the Warder set open the gate .
hot rebellion rose in his heart and rushed over his pale lips .
ford that flood .
command the Warder to let me pass .
he swam , and struggled , he buffetted the turmoil .
but all were too late to win the double boon .
the rainbow had faded out , and the darkness of the October dusk was falling .
THE SHADOW FEARED OF MAN
we were all up early the next morning , dressing by candlelight .
he was dreadfully sick all night , and Uncle Roger had to go for the doctor .
what orgies of story telling we should have !
then , on the third day , the Story Girl came to us with a very white face .
she had been over to Uncle Roger 's yard to hear the latest bulletin from the sick room .
we all stood around , stricken , incredulous .
the Story Girl nodded miserably .
felicity said violently that she didn't believe it .
none of us could .
then we roamed about in our wretchedness and tried to comfort one another .
we could not really believe that Peter was going to die to DIE .
old people died .
Grown-up people died .
even children of whom we had heard died .
but that one of US of our merry little band should die was unbelievable .
we could not believe it .
and yet the possibility struck us in the face like a blow .
we sat on the mossy stones under the dark old evergreens and gave ourselves up to wretchedness .
but I needn't have been so cross about it .
I might have been more dignified .
and I told him I just hated him .
her tone expressed her conviction that that would carry Peter through if anything would .
but of course Peter couldn't be sent to the bad place .
that would be ridiculous .
children always go to heaven .
I want him to stay right here .
but Felicity took refuge from this inconvenient question in tears .
I said desperately .
if anything happens to Peter I feel sure I 'll never be naughty again .
we did , indeed , pray most sincerely for Peter 's recovery .
Peter was no better the next day .
aunt Olivia reported that his mother was broken-hearted .
we did not again ask to be released from work .
instead , we went at it with feverish zeal .
if we worked hard there was less time for grief and grievious thoughts .
we picked apples and dragged them to the granary doggedly .
in the afternoon Aunt Janet brought us a lunch of apple turnovers ; but we could not eat them .
peter , as Felicity reminded us with a burst of tears , had been so fond of apple turnovers .
during the afternoon Judy Pineau brought up a tear-blotted note from Sara Ray .
Sara had not been allowed to visit the hill farm since Peter had developed measles .
these epistles were as gushingly underlined as if Sara had been a correspondent of early Victorian days .
I can't describe MY FEELINGS .
they are DREADFUL .
I have been crying ALL THE AFTERNOON .
Jimmy Frewen walked home with Nellie Bowan last night from prayer-meeting and HER ONLY FOURTEEN .
don't you think it horrid BEGINNING SO YOUNG ?
tell Judy ALL THE NEWS for me .
Ma is going to get me a new brown dress for the winter .
when evening came we went to our seats under the whispering , sighing fir trees .
some one galloped down the road on horseback , lustily singing a comic song .
we felt that it was an insult to our wretchedness .
how could any one in the world be happy when we were so unhappy ?
presently Aunt Olivia came down the long twilight arcade .
her bright hair was uncovered and she looked slim and queen-like in her light dress .
we thought Aunt Olivia very pretty then .
we gazed up at her in silence for a few moments .
I had never heard any one cry so , with dreadful , rending sobs .
I was used to hearing girls cry .
but I had never heard any girl cry like this .
the Story Girl got up and went away , with Aunt Olivia 's arms around her .
in the reaction our spirits rose with a bound .
WE had no intention of going to bed for a good two hours yet .
we were a blithe little crew , sitting there in the light of our goblin lantern .
life was as a red rose once more .
but of course I mean to thank God when I say my prayers to-night .
we were so afraid you would not last Tuesday , and we felt dreadful , even Felicity .
we all prayed for you .
I am saving some of the Honourable Mr Whalen 's pears for you .
if I do take the measles and anything happens to me Felicity is to have my cherry vase .
the Story Girl has told us some splendid stories lately .
I wish I was clever like her .
it is easier to write it than to tell it out to your face .
we think you are smart and polite and obliging and a great worker and a gentleman .
it gave us an awful scare when we heard you were going to die .
but you will soon be all right and able to get out again .
be careful you don't catch cold .
and I 'll send you my rosebud plate to eat off of .
I let very few people use it because it is my greatest treasure .
Mind you don't break it .
it must look horrid to have red spots all over your face .
we all feel pretty well yet .
I told him I guessed the magic seed was taking effect at last , and he got mad .
he never gets mad at anything the Story Girl says , and yet she is so sarkastic by times .
Cecily is well and says she isn't going to curl her hair any more .
she is so conscienshus .
she is going to write you a letter too .
it 's a great blood purifyer .
it is ever so much prettier than Sara Ray 's brown one .
Sara Ray 's mother has no taste .
the Story Girl 's father is sending her a new red dress , and a red velvet cap from Paris .
she is so fond of red .
I can't bear it , it looks so common .
mother says I can get a velvet hood too .
I 'm glad Uncle Alec interfered and stopped the fight .
if I had licked you and you had died of the measles it would have been a dreadful thing .
I 'm a lot thinner than I was .
I guess working so hard picking apples is a good thing to make you thin .
the girls are all well .
I have had some splendid dreams since we gave up writing them down .
that is always the way .
we ain't going to school till we 're sure we are not going to have the measles .
this is all I can think of , so I will draw to a close .
remember , you can pray for anything you like .
SARA RAY'S LETTER
were you VERY badly frightened ?
I have been reading one of the school library books too .
but the master would not let them .
we are having BEAUTIFUL WEATHER and the seenary is fine since the leaves turned .
I think there is nothing so pretty as Nature after all .
till then FAREWELL .
I thought you weren't the kind to turn up your toes so easy .
I can see through her .
she 's had the measles so she isn't scared .
she 's a great girl to laugh .
she wanted some tobacco and some pickles .
hope you 'll be out soon .
THE STORY GIRL'S LETTER
those days when we thought you wouldn't were the hardest of my whole life .
it seemed too dreadful to be true that perhaps you would die .
and then when we heard you were going to get better that seemed too good to be true .
Uncle Alec consented , though Aunt Janet said it was high time they were burned .
uncle Roger burned his last night and it was such fun .
he has never had a sick spell since that bad one .
I don't see how he could , but we must obey Aunt Janet .
she is very good to us all , but I know she does not approve of me .
she says I 'm my father 's own child .
I 'm glad I 'm like father .
I had a splendid letter from him this week , with the darlingest pictures in it .
he is painting a new picture which is going to make him famous .
I wonder what Aunt Janet will say then .
I felt to see , and it was lying down quite flat .
but it was only a visitor after all .
I don't know whether I was glad or disappointed .
I don't think it would be a pleasant experience to see the ghost .
I never thought it would be so easy .
he sat right down beside me and began to talk .
I never was so surprised in my life .
of course I never said a word about his Alice-room .
but I gave him a hint about his little brown book .
he said , yes , he sometimes felt that way , but he did not mention the brown book .
I am sure he could never have said it if I had been really grown up .
I made them go to the spruce wood to hear it .
a spruce wood is the proper place to tell fairy stories in .
sometimes they are so still you would think them asleep .
then they go laughing and skipping .
outside , in the oat field , they are always chasing each other .
they are the wild shadows .
the shadows in the orchard are the tame shadows .
the sunshine is so thick and yellow and lazy , and the crickets sing all day long .
the birds are nearly all gone and most of the maple leaves have fallen .
it was about Elder Frewen 's grandfather taking a pair of rope reins to lead a piano home .
everybody laughed except Aunt Janet .
old Mr Frewen was HER grandfather too , and she wouldn't laugh .
so next day Sandy started off on horseback with a pair of rope reins to lead the piano home .
he thought it was some kind of livestock .
( of course he didn't get drunk at the social .
and this was his speech .
I can tell them ever so much better than I can write them .
Peter 's delight on receiving our letters knew no bounds .
he insisted on answering them and his letter , painstakingly disinfected , was duly delivered to us .
but Peter 's individuality seemed merged and lost in Aunt Olivia 's big , dashing script .
if I was you I would get the velvet hood all right .
and I 'm glad you 're keeping you know what for me .
it 's such a good book to read on Sundays .
it is interesting and religious , too .
so is the Bible .
there 's an awful lot in that book .
I can't tell you how I feel about all your kindness .
I 'm like the fellow the Story Girl wrote about who couldn't get it out .
I like to look at it , it looks so much like Aunt Jane .
it was a horrid mean prayer .
I didn't know it then , but after the measles struck in I found out it was .
aunt Jane wouldn't have liked it .
after this I 'm going to pray prayers I needn't be ashamed of .
mother says I was luny most of the time after they struck in .
it was just because they struck in I was luny .
I ain't luny naturally , Felicity .
I will do what you asked in your postscript , Sara , although it will be hard .
perhaps I 'd never have found it out if the measles hadn't struck in .
ON THE EDGE OF LIGHT AND DARK
we celebrated the November day when Peter was permitted to rejoin us by a picnic in the orchard .
she and Cecily cried in one another 's arms as if they had been parted for years .
we had a beautiful day for our picnic .
November dreamed that it was May .
the sere stubble fields brooded in glamour , and the sky was pearly blue .
the wind made a sweet , drowsy murmur in the boughs , as of bees among apple blossoms .
the Story Girl shook her head .
it looks like spring , but it isn't spring .
it 's as if everything was resting getting ready to sleep .
in spring they 're getting ready to grow .
as for the viands , they were fit for the gods on high Olympus .
felicity had spent the whole previous day and the forenoon of the picnic day in concocting them .
this was put before Peter 's place , and almost overcame him .
but that is the way of the world .
she looked at me , but I blushed to the roots of my hair and shook my head sheepishly .
we looked at him when it was over with an increase of respect .
I asked .
we felt rather ashamed of ourselves .
in truth , it was a merry little feast .
in a few minutes the field was alight with blazing bonfires , over which rolled great , pungent clouds of smoke .
he didn't believe there was a devil at all .
I felt Cecily 's hand , icy cold , clutching mine .
William Cowan gave a horrible scream and fell on his face right there in the wood .
some of the men around the church door heard the scream , and they rushed down to the wood .
they saw nothing but William Cowan , lying like a dead man on the path .
it was weeks before the burns healed , and the scars never went away .
we were cold with fright .
I asked .
he never was known to laugh again , or even smile .
he wouldn't even eat any more than was actually necessary to keep him alive .
the Story Girl slipped her arm through Felicity 's .
THE OPENING OF THE BLUE CHEST
November wakened from her dream of May in a bad temper .
felicity wore her new velvet hood , with a coquettish little collar of white fur about her neck .
her golden curls framed her lovely face , and the wind stung the pink of her cheeks to crimson .
she scattered her words along the path like the pearls and diamonds of the old fairy tale .
Cecily 's letter is from Em Frewen .
when we reached home , Aunt Janet opened and read her Montreal letter .
then she laid it down and looked about her in astonishment .
I remember her as a fine , blooming young woman .
there are two jugs in it which are to be sent to James ' wife .
the rest of the things are to be given around among the connection .
we were all excited .
the morning dawned on a beautiful world .
a new blossom time seemed to have revisited the orchard .
the spruce wood behind the house appeared to be woven out of enchantment .
there is nothing more beautiful than a thickly growing wood of firs lightly powdered with new-fallen snow .
as the sun remained hidden by gray clouds , this fairy-beauty lasted all day .
felicity did not approve of this .
we all looked at each other .
we must have looked horribly guilty , but none of the grown-ups suspected anything .
it was certainly an interesting performance .
Aunt Janet and Aunt Olivia took everything out and laid it on the kitchen table .
doesn't it look real ?
I 've thought so much about it .
oh , mother , please let me hold it for a minute .
aunt Sara Ward gave them to Rachel , and she had them for at least fifty years .
I should have thought one would have been enough for James ' wife .
an old servant Grandmother King had gave them to Rachel .
now we are coming to the linen .
that was Uncle Edward Ward 's present .
but Aunt Olivia was quite enraptured over them .
Rachel learned that stitch from a nun in Montreal .
the colours are not faded one bit .
underneath the linen were Rachel Ward 's wedding clothes .
the excitement of the girls waxed red hot over these .
look at the skirt , Janet .
it certainly isn't here .
I have heard that the white plume on it cost a small fortune .
here is her black silk mantle .
they must be unpacked at least .
and they must all be burned since they have cut so badly .
this purple cloth dress is quite good , however .
I am not troubled with fancies .
that seems to be all except this box .
she made it herself .
it is like a spider 's web .
here are the letters Will Montague wrote her .
we looked eagerly at the daguerreotypes in the old case .
no , Rachel Ward was not pretty , that had to be admitted .
I was only a little chap of ten but I saw through him .
we would dearly have liked to get a peep into the letters , too .
but Aunt Olivia would not allow that .
she took the wedding dress and veil , the picture case , and the letters away with her .
the rest of the things were put back into the chest , pending their ultimate distribution .
the Story Girl got the blue candlestick , and Felicity and Cecily each got a pink and gold vase .
Moses wore a scarlet cloak , while Aaron disported himself in bright blue .
Pharaoh was arrayed in yellow .
the plate had a scalloped border with a wreath of green leaves around it .
but that clock has got to be put back to the right time some time through the day .
it isn't mysterious any longer .
the frost was abroad , and the winds were still and the land lay in glamour .
our summer was over .
it had been a beautiful one .
we had had brotherhood with wind and star , with books and tales , and hearth fires of autumn .
ours had been the little , loving tasks of every day , blithe companionship , shared thoughts , and adventuring .
it is always safe to dream of spring .
and had he found them ?
few seemed to be the changes here .
it was Ralph Cranfield 's mother .
at length they reached her gate , and undid the latch .
every crook in the pathway was remembered .
even the more transitory characteristics of the scene were the same as in bygone days .
a company of cows were grazing on the grassy roadside , and refreshed him with their fragrant breath .
the round little figure of a child rolled from a doorway , and lay laughing almost beneath Cranfield 's feet .
he bent his head , and passed through the lowly door .
it was precisely on the pattern of that worn by the visionary Maid .
yes , the wild dreamer was awake at last .
the third was Kim 's birth-certificate .
then he would weep bitterly in the broken rush chair on the veranda .
Kim , too , held views of his own .
for Kim did nothing with an immense success .
Kim found it easier to slip into Hindu or Mohammedan garb when engaged on certain businesses .
so did the water-carrier , sluicing water on the dry road from his goat-skin bag .
so did Jawahir Singh , the Museum carpenter , bent over new packing-cases .
the Mussalmans pushed them off .
thy father was a pastry-cook '
at his belt hung a long open-work iron pencase and a wooden rosary such as holy men wear .
on his head was a gigantic sort of tam-o'-shanter .
his face was yellow and wrinkled , like that of Fook Shing , the Chinese bootmaker in the bazar .
his eyes turned up at the corners and looked like little slits of onyx .
the constable spoke Punjabi .
the man turned helplessly and drifted towards the boys .
he was old , and his woollen gaberdine still reeked of the stinking artemisia of the mountain passes .
Kim gave him no title such as Lala or Mian .
he could not divine the man 's creed .
the Wonder House !
I am an old man .
where is your house ?
Kim asked .
Fook Shing had once chased him out of his shop for spitting at the joss above the boots .
he smiled benignantly on the boys .
the boys nodded .
all priests of their acquaintance begged .
he turned his head like an old tortoise in the sunlight .
he repeated the last words as one making sure of an address .
Kim laughed .
Run to your mothers ' laps , and be safe .
Round Him was an adoring hierarchy of kings , elders , and old-time Buddhas .
below were lotus-covered waters with fishes and water-birds .
the Most Excellent Law is here also .
my pilgrimage is well begun .
and what work !
the old man was trembling with excitement .
most of the talk was altogether above his head .
the lama mounted a pair of horn-rimmed spectacles of Chinese work .
he who is now Abbot of Lung-Cho told me , but I did not believe .
then he composed himself reverently to listen to fragments hastily rendered into Urdu .
then he was shown a mighty map , spotted and traced with yellow .
Kim had fallen asleep .
the lama lowered his voice .
even as the child outside said but now .
it is all illusion .
ay , maya , illusion .
he smiled with most simple triumph .
but there is more .
listen to a true thing .
the Curator nodded , wondering what would come next .
the lama drew a long breath .
surely thou must know ?
See , I am an old man !
we know He drew the bow !
we know the arrow fell !
we know the stream gushed !
my dream told me to find it .
so I came .
I am here .
the lama brought his thousand-wrinkled face once more a handsbreadth from the Englishman 's .
there I shall meet one of the pure faith in a Jain temple of that city .
maybe he will go with me to Buddh Gaya .
from Pathankot , having left the Hills , I came hither in a te-rain .
it goes swiftly .
the Curator smiled at the mixture of old-world piety and modern progress that is the note of India today .
I follow the places of His life till I come to the River of the Arrow .
even as He went so go I , forsaking the ease of my monastery .
he nodded his head valiantly .
learned doctors of a lamassery do not beg , but the lama was an enthusiast in this quest .
the Curator looked through them .
the old man turned his head delightedly and wrinkled up his nose .
Kim followed like a shadow .
what he had overheard excited him wildly .
Kim 's mother had been Irish , too .
Kim accepted this new God without emotion .
he knew already a few score .
I remember now it is long since I have eaten or drunk .
what is the custom of charity in this town ?
Kim watched head to one side , considering and interested .
simply as a child the old man handed him the bowl .
they settle on our wares like flies .
but this priest is new .
the Sahib in the Wonder House has talked to him like a brother .
that cow-bellied basket !
thou hast as much grace as the holy bull of Shiv .
Up flew Kim 's hard little heel and caught him on his moist blue nose .
he snorted indignantly , and walked away across the tram-rails , his hump quivering with rage .
a growl came out of the back of the shop , where a man lay .
she took the bowl and returned it full of hot rice .
when I am in the bazar the bull shall not come to this house .
now hold all straight and ask for the holy man 's blessing upon me .
they ate together in great content , clearing the beggingbowl .
he pointed towards the Museum .
and when I was faint with hunger he begged for me , as would a chela for his teacher .
I go with thee to Benares .
the lama sighed .
such things fall sometimes but I am not worthy .
thieves are abroad .
the cloisters , reached by three or four masonry steps , made a haven of refuge around this turbulent sea .
he halted at a dark arch and slipped behind the bewildered lama .
a Red Lama !
it is far from Lahore to the Passes .
the lama held out the begging-bowl mechanically .
they may value your blessings .
oh , horseboys , here is a countryman of yours .
the trader gave no sign of astonishment , but looked under shaggy eyebrows .
the voice was harsh with suspicion .
I have no money .
it is not good to go about without money .
they are very fine horses , these new ones : I have seen them .
he was sent , I think , to guide me to that River .
there is neither high nor low in the Middle Way .
he wagged his head solemnly .
a shadow passed behind Kim , and a feeding camel .
Mahbub Ali raised his voice .
thy mother is dead .
thy father is dead .
so is it with all of them .
he smiled and thrust money and paper into his leather amulet-case .
the lama , sumptuously fed by Mahbub 's Baltis , was already asleep in a corner of one of the stalls .
Kim lay down beside him and laughed .
so those Kings ' Prime Ministers were seriously annoyed and took steps , after the Oriental fashion .
they suspected , among many others , the bullying , red-bearded horsedealer whose caravans ploughed through their fastnesses belly-deep in snow .
he called for a new light-ball to his hookah , and considered the case .
Kim was the one soul in the world who had never told him a lie .
about the same hour Kim heard soft feet in Mahbub 's deserted stall .
the Delhi man laughed and resettled his turban as he entered .
this is not the man but another .
I sleep now .
when Mahbub woke , the Flower talked to him severely on the sin of drunkenness .
he halted at the stall next but one to his own .
his men lay there heavy with sleep .
there was no sign of Kim or the lama .
he stirred a sleeper .
those who search bags with knives may presently search bellies with knives .
surely there is a woman behind this .
the lama rose obediently , and they passed out of the serai like shadows .
it will not come here .
a sleepy clerk grunted and flung out a ticket to the next station , just six miles distant .
it was cleverly done , Babu .
the Babu scowled and dealt the proper ticket .
the small money in return is just so much .
I know the ways of the te-rain ....y
the lama jibbed at the open door of a crowded third-class carriage .
a burly Sikh artisan thrust forth his bearded head .
do not be afraid .
I remember the time when I was afraid of the te-rain .
she looked round for approval .
an Amritzar courtesan near the window sniffed behind her head drapery .
Kim 's hands were crooked in supplication .
the soldier glared , for a Dogra is of other caste than a Sikh , and the banker tittered .
the Amritzar girl smiled ; for she knew the talk was to win her approval .
so it was .
the lamps were paling in the dawn when the half-caste guard came round .
Kim produced his and was told to get out .
he must come with me .
he is my chela .
Ladies of that persuasion , he knew , were generous .
she laughed .
my mother was from Kulu .
get thee a ticket .
the girl looked up at the lama , who had mechanically followed Kim to the platform .
Golden , rose , saffron , and pink , the morning mists smoked away across the flat green levels .
all the rich Punjab lay out in the splendour of the keen sun .
the lama flinched a little as the telegraph-posts swung by .
they all unloosed their bundles and made their morning meal .
he looked round proudly .
he shook his head testily .
so it was the Gods that made Gunga .
the carriage looked at him in amazement .
the gentle , tolerant folk looked on reverently .
but the mad all are in God 's keeping .
the lama fell back on Urdu , remembering that he was in a strange land .
he shrugged one knotted , bronzed shoulder .
he paved the streets of Jullundur and built a great tank near Umballa .
that pavement holds to this day ; and the tank is there also .
but he did not say this very loud .
the lama sighed and shrank into himself , a dingy , shapeless mass .
I have forgotten .
a Red Bull on a green field , that shall carry thee to the heavens or what ?
was it a vision ?
did one make a prophecy ?
her husband touched his forehead lightly with one finger and smiled .
but the next time the lama would eat they took care to give him of their best .
there is room also in the courtyard for thy yogi and for thee .
a woman with a heart of gold gives us lodging for the night .
it is a kindly land , this land of the South .
the old man caught at his wrist .
the house blazed with lights , and servants moved about tables dressed with flowers , glass , and silver .
the man backed towards the voice .
he made no attempt to look for the speaker , and that showed Kim that he knew .
the Englishman switched at the rose-hedge in the side of the drive .
the man still read intently .
flat on his belly lay Kim , almost touching the high wheels .
his man and the black stranger exchanged two sentences .
I 'll speak to them myself .
warn the Pined and Peshawar brigades .
it will disorganize all the summer reliefs , but we can't help that .
practically , they showed their hand six months back .
we can settle the rest over the cigars .
I thought it was coming .
they go in now with the soup .
he had learned what he wanted , and when the scullion turned he was gone .
Mahbub Ali should have come to me to learn a little lying .
every time before that I have borne a message it concerned a woman .
now it is men .
there are also guns .
moreover , the lama was a great and venerable curiosity .
this seemed to make Kim 's supernatural origin more certain .
he began to draw in the dust of the courtyard .
ay , ay .
the Sun , leaving the House of the Bull , enters that of the Twins .
at the end of half an hour , he tossed the twig from him with a grunt .
thus say the stars .
within three days come the two men to make all things ready .
Kim smiled , remembering what he had overheard in the dressing-room .
the priest brushed his foot over the rude horoscope .
behind them an angry farmer brandished a bamboo pole .
the man shuffled uneasily in his slippers .
the lama turned to Kim .
may his fields be blessed !
he cocked his nose in the air loftily and stepped across the narrow field-borders with great dignity .
afterwards he amended his discourtesy , and I forgot the offence .
he halted at a little runlet among the fields , and considered the hoof-pitted bank .
Kim sprang to his side and dragged him back .
no native training can quench the white man 's horror of the Serpent .
the coiled thing hissed and half opened its hood .
he passed within a foot of the cobra 's poised head .
it flattened itself among the dusty coils .
Kim hesitated for a moment .
the lama backed his order by some droned Chinese quotation which Kim took for a charm .
he obeyed and bounded across the rivulet , and the snake , indeed , made no sign .
Kim wiped the sweat from his forehead .
I am old , and a stranger far from my own place .
but that the rail-carriage fills my head with noises of devil-drums I would go in it to Benares now ....y
yet by so going we may miss the River .
they sought a River : a River of miraculous healing .
the lama , his tale told , was silently telling his beads .
he turned to the lama .
it crosses all streams on this side of Hind .
now my word to thee , Holy One , is rest here till tomorrow .
the lama was much impressed by the plan .
a deep , sing-song Chinese half-chant closed the sentence .
it was his duty to repay courtesy with courtesy .
yea , a Red Bull on a green field will some day raise him to honour .
the priest smiled .
he cast a horoscope and declared that my chela should find his desire within two days .
Kim cleared his throat and looked around at the village greybeards .
somebody laughed at the little tattered figure strutting on the brickwork plinth under the great tree .
where a native would have lain down , Kim 's white blood set him upon his feet .
Kim 's voice shrilled across the quick-gathering crowd , astonishing himself .
his tone made men respect Kim .
the word has come to me , who am this Holy One 's disciple .
from Pindi and Peshawur they will be drawn .
but now he was playing for larger things the sheer excitement and the sense of power .
he drew a new breath and went on .
still the old man answered as though Kim were an equal .
Kim took a few paces in a stiff , wooden style .
Kim illustrated the motion and stood like a stork .
the old man groaned , inarticulate with amazement ; and the crowd shivered .
the old man rose stiffly and saluted .
I believe .
the rest followed as I have said .
here the old soldier bobbled up and asked if Kim would accept his hospitality for the night .
Kim glanced from one face to the other , and drew his own conclusions .
he slipped his hand above the lama's girdle and brought away the purse .
the old man nodded his head .
Kim looked up sharply , like the Indian crows so busy about the fields .
I smell it .
come up and sit behind me .
the villagers seemed almost sorry to be rid of them , but the priest 's farewell was cold and distant .
he had wasted some opium on a man who carried no money .
I am not much used to holy men , but respect is always good .
there is no respect in these days not even when a Commissioner Sahib comes to see me .
he is not like the others .
I have never seen such an one .
that I can see .
the first freshness of the day carried the lama forward with long , easy , camel-like strides .
he was deep in meditation , mechanically clicking his rosary .
even the pony felt the good influence and almost broke into a trot as Kim laid a hand on the stirrup-leather .
the old soldier growled in his beard , so that the lama for the first time was aware of him .
the old soldier looked as abashed as a child interrupted in his game of make-believe .
that was the first evil , but not past remedy if they had then held their hands .
but they chose to kill the Sahibs ' wives and children .
it broke .
we did not consider it merit in those days .
my people , my friends , my brothers fell from me .
but I had talked with the men of Sobraon , of Chilianwallah , of Moodkee and Ferozeshah .
in those days I rode seventy miles with an English Memsahib and her babe on my saddle-bow .
I carry it upon my neck now .
I have never pestered Them with prayers .
I do not think They will pester me .
no , I have never wearied the Gods .
well , well , my holding can pay for all .
it is a well-watered strip , but my men cheat me .
ascending the far bank one is assured of Freedom .
I do not know thy life , but thy face is the face of the honourable and courteous .
enter now upon the Middle Way which is the path to Freedom .
the lama's voice faltered , the periods lengthened .
Kim was busy watching a grey squirrel .
the child , scared and indignant , yelled aloud .
I dreamed it was an alarm .
have I slept ?
two old men and a boy ?
the child shrieked with joy , and snatched at the dark , glancing beads .
do children drop from Heaven in thy country ?
there was a very good householder lost in thee , my brother .
what harm do thy Gods suffer from play with a babe ?
Kim was delighted , and the lama listened with deep interest .
in the days before rail-carriages the Sahibs travelled up and down here in hundreds .
all castes and kinds of men move here .
and truly the Grand Trunk Road is a wonderful spectacle .
ay , this is the Road of Hindustan .
thy aunts have never had a nose for seven generations !
thy sister What Owl 's folly told thee to draw thy carts across the road ?
a broken wheel ?
the old man 's face lit with pride .
I will have Justice '
he speaks truth .
the carter ran under the wheels of his cart and thence threatened all sorts of vengeance .
the horseman delivered one last vicious cut with his whip and came on at a canter .
he reigned back ten yards and dismounted .
let her alone for a shrew to the bone And the hussy comes plucking your sleeve !
give or hold at your will .
then , lowering their voices , they spoke together .
Kim came to rest under a tree , but the lama tugged impatiently at his elbow .
our River will not run away .
he brought me the news yesterday .
his father laughed .
a good horse is needed there , truly .
Kim half-crooked his hand at his side .
the son tossed a silver coin through the sunlight , grumbling something about beggars and jugglers .
it was a four-anna piece , and would feed them well for days .
a Punjabi constable in yellow linen trousers slouched across the road .
he had seen the money pass .
Kim was careful not to irritate that man ; for the Akali 's temper is short and his arm quick .
the lama never raised his eyes .
but Kim was in the seventh heaven of joy .
from time to time the lama took snuff , and at last Kim could endure the silence no longer .
he shook himself back to this world .
shall we stay there ?
the life of the parao was very like that of the Kashmir Serai on a small scale .
here was evidently a woman used to command .
Kim looked over the retinue critically .
the hillmen would be of her own people Kulu or Kangra folk .
something might be made out of the meeting .
the order was shouted in broken Hindustani by one of the hillmen .
the retort was a swift and brilliant sketch of Kim 's pedigree for three generations .
a harsh , thin cackle behind the curtains put the hillman on his mettle for a second shot .
the Ooryas laughed ; the hillman sprang forward threateningly .
he could not quite see what new turn the game had taken , but stood resolute to profit by it .
the last sentence , spoken loudly , ended with a sigh as of faintness .
again one of the Ooryas said something contemptuously .
he is above all castes .
he knows the stars ; he makes horoscopes ; he reads nativities .
but he does not do this for money .
he does it for kindness and great charity .
I am his disciple .
Kim changed his tone promptly to match that altered voice .
this was perfectly true .
and yet she laughed at the long-forgotten word .
it was a petition .
a silver coin clicked on the edge of the cart .
Kim took it and salaamed profoundly .
the jewelled forefinger shook itself at him reprovingly ; but he could hear the old lady 's chuckle .
Kim quoted the proverb with a meditative cough , looking discreetly earthward .
but perhaps that will come .
certainly those down-country Brahmins are utterly useless .
I chose an auspicious hour , and perhaps thy Holy One has heard of the Abbot of the Lung-Cho lamassery .
Kim cried .
the lama dipped deep into his snuff-gourd .
the lama inclined his solemn head .
he rose and stalked to the cart .
the woman seemed to ask questions which the lama turned over in his mind before answering .
it was a strange picture that Kim watched between drooped eyelids .
at last the lama returned .
a hillman walked behind him with a wadded cotton-quilt and spread it carefully by the fire .
Kim rolled up in his share of it .
Kim used the thoughtful , conciliatory tone of those who wish to draw confidences .
to this I said that my Search came before all things .
she had heard many foolish legends , but this great truth of my River she had never heard .
he named the village .
Kim breathed the proverb impersonally to the shadow-tops of the trees overhead .
the Oorya grunted and held his peace .
Kim stifled a laugh in the quilt .
then Kim heard him snuff thrice , and dozed off , still laughing .
the diamond-bright dawn woke men and crows and bullocks together .
Kim sat up and yawned , shook himself , and thrilled with delight .
he was the disciple of a holy man annexed by a strong-willed old lady .
he inspected her bullocks critically , as they came up grunting and blowing under the yokes .
the escort , of course , would walk .
they were backing and wheeling as a grain-cart 's axle caught them by the horns .
from behind the shaking curtains came one volley of invective .
but I have yet a wag left to my tongue a word or two well spoken that serves the occasion .
they could hear the old lady 's tongue clack as steadily as a rice-husker .
it was a fair counter .
the Englishman threw up his hand with the gesture of a man hit at sword-play .
she laughed and nodded .
they know the land and the customs of the land .
so Kim dropped back into the dust and returned to his sugar-cane .
the fatted calf is dressed for me , But the husks have greater zest for me ....y
the lama strode after him .
one thing after another drew Kim 's idle eye across the plain .
Far across the plain walked side by side four men , made small by the distance .
he looked intently under his curved palms and caught the sheen of brass .
they cried again to their comrades in the distance , and the rough answer came back faint and mellowed .
Kim stared with all his eyes , his breath coming short and sharp between his teeth .
the soldiers stamped off into the sunshine .
remember what he said .
what said the priest ?
the lama stared fixedly at the device that flamed like a ruby in the dusk .
at first the sound , carrying diluted through the still air , resembled the beating of an artery in the head .
soon a sharpness was added .
he knew the sound of a regimental band , but it amazed the lama .
at the far end of the plain a heavy , dusty column crawled in sight .
then the wind brought the tune :
we shouldered arms , We marched we marched away .
the plain dotted itself with tents that seemed to rise , all spread , from the carts .
he dropped into a camp-chair by the door of the Mess-tent and slid off his boots .
three or four officers gathered round him , laughing and joking over his exploit .
is it likely that he will understand our talk ?
let us go back to the resting-place .
after we have eaten we will come again .
Kim put the question aside .
the sign in the Stars was not for thee .
Kim flitted into the dusk .
the one thing now in his mind was further information as to the Red Bull .
it was as he suspected .
to him the Sahibs held out their glasses and cried aloud confusedly .
Kim then kicked him desperately in the stomach .
you 're a thief .
is it lost ?
little boys who steal are beaten .
Kim danced in agony like a terrier at a lifted stick .
it is my charm .
a fattish , clean-shaven man appeared .
ordinarily , I should have chastised him and let him go , because I believe him to be a thief .
let's look at his charm .
he held out his hand .
but then he 's a native , and I saw Kimball married myself to Annie Shott .
father Victor stepped forward quickly and opened the front of Kim 's upper garment .
that was how my father told me .
Bennett interrupted .
he is certainly white , though evidently neglected .
I am sure I must have bruised him .
I do not think spirits '
drink that down and tell us about yourself .
Kim began with a plunge , not quite sure how far the truth would serve him .
he is sitting outside .
we saw two men come with flags , making the place ready .
so I knew it was come true .
I think the Bull shall help me .
the holy man said so too .
he is sitting outside .
will you hurt him , if I call him a shout now ?
he is very holy .
it 's very much what his father would have done if he was drunk .
we 'd better invite the holy man .
he is my master .
they found the lama where he had dropped .
they will not hurt you .
come to the fat priest 's tent with this thin man and see the end .
the yellow lining of the tent reflected in the lamplight made his face red-gold .
the lama addressed himself to Kim .
it has happened before .
I have always avoided it .
the fat fool is of one mind and the camel-like one of another .
but that is no odds .
it has happened before .
Kim obeyed , with amplifications .
now we wish to go away and look for it again .
it would be different , Kim , if you were not a soldier 's son .
consider the chances against it , Bennett .
it 's predestined on the face of it .
yes , tell him it 's Kismet .
he turned towards the lama , to whom he might as well have talked of Mesopotamia .
then I will slip away and follow down the road to Saharunpore .
see how they have given me wine to drink and set me upon a bed of honour !
my father must have been some great person .
however it goes , I will run back to thee when I am tired .
the lama dragged forth his rosary and pulled his huge hat-brim over his eyes .
he wants to speak to me by himself .
remember , I can change swiftly .
he chuckled drearily .
the lama covered his face afresh , and nervously rattled the rosary .
Kim squatted beside him and laid hold upon a fold of his clothing .
the lama's experience of white men was limited .
he seemed to be repeating a lesson .
father Victor saw Kim edging towards the door , and interposed a strong leg .
the Priest of the Images in the Wonder House in Lahore was more courteous than the thin one here .
this boy will be taken from me .
they will make a Sahib of my disciple ?
how shall I find my River ?
neither Bennett nor Father Victor found any answer ready .
we will look for that River like before I was caught .
I wish I did not come here to find the Red Bull and all that sort of thing .
they listened to each other 's breathing three five full minutes .
then the lama raised his head , and looked forth across them into space and emptiness .
so my heart went out to thee for thy charity and thy courtesy and the wisdom of thy little years .
he quoted an old , old Chinese text , backed it with another , and reinforced these with a third .
it was no fault of thine .
I was pleased with thee who should have considered my Search and my Search alone .
all Desire is red and evil .
the lama waved a hand to show that the matter was finally settled in his mind .
the day after tomorrow I return .
he pointed to Father Victor .
Kim put two or three questions in English to Father Victor , translating the replies to the lama .
later on , we shall see .
Kim shook his head violently .
Kim smiled compassionately .
another long silence followed .
Bennett fidgeted with impatience , and suggested calling a sentry to evict the fakir .
the lama disregarded Kim 's plans for an early flight .
the rosary clicked furiously as an abacus .
then he faced his oppressors .
this took some time to interpret , for Bennett wished to cut it short .
father Victor was long past any sense of amazement .
he says you are a good man .
he says the other man is a fool .
the lama rose suddenly .
Kim made swift motion to follow , but checked himself .
the lama had disappeared .
Kim settled himself composedly on the Chaplain 's cot .
they did not seem to think the woman a good guardian .
after all , this was the newest of his experiences .
there was a shout of laughter from the full tent .
Kim drew his bow again at a venture .
take him along , sergeant .
I think I 'll go to bed .
I 'll just tie his leg to the tent-pole in case he 'll go through the roof .
Song of Diego Valdez .
in the forenoon the column checked .
he read it , and spoke to a Major .
a pony ranged alongside , and he was hauled on to the priest 's saddlebow .
Kim 's eyes sparkled .
for the rest of the day Kim found himself an object of distinguished consideration among a few hundred white men .
so far , there was no sign of hard work , and he resolved to lend the spectacle his patronage .
that was an interesting night .
men of other regiments came to visit the Mavericks .
the Mavericks went visiting on their own account .
the Mavericks had a reputation for liveliness to live up to .
life as a Sahib was amusing so far ; but he touched it with a cautious hand .
Native-fashion , he curled himself up on a stripped cot and went to sleep .
an angry man stumped down the veranda , woke him up , and said he was a schoolmaster .
this was enough for Kim , and he retired into his shell .
Kim had been kicked as far as single letters , but did not think well of them .
the man dismissed them , and first to spring through the veranda into the open sunshine was Kim .
my orders are not to let you out of my sight .
if we go there we 'll get a dressing-down .
Kim did not know what bounds meant , but he wished to be polite for the present .
I ain't goin' .
if you did , they 'd spot you by your clothes .
most of them were barrack-servants of the lowest caste .
the low , quick answer undeceived him .
thy mother was married under a basket !
he is not like other boys .
go and see .
Kim danced with impatience when the slim young Kayeth hove in sight .
that is in the letter which thou shalt write .
never was such a tale .
but I am in no haste .
another writer will serve me .
the writer regarded him sideways .
I have come down with the old man as far as Umballa in the train .
after what he had seen in the garden , he was not going to write of white stallions .
what has a bay mare to do ....y
I have been in his service .
take more ink .
we then went on foot towards Benares , but on the third day we found a certain regiment .
one priest , however , was a fool .
they send me to a school and beat me .
I do not like the air and water here .
it is my own fault that I was tricked .
what a tale !
it is better to help his friends by lending them a stamp .
Mahbub Ali 's was a name of power in Umballa .
I wish I 'd gone up to the Front with the Regiment .
what a ignorant little beggar you are !
tell me something about England .
but that he had written to Mahbub Ali , Kim would have been almost depressed .
the priest was reading an English letter written in purple ink .
not much , eh ?
it must be hard very hard on a wild animal .
is he well ?
we 'll skip the first part ....y
it 's written from Jagadhir Road ....v
Faith , the old man 's hit the bull's-eye that time !
he would not do that on account of his River .
it beats me altogether .
the priest whistled ; then he addressed Kim as an equal .
Bennett arranged for that .
Kim saw nothing save a vision of the lama going south in a train with none to beg for him .
if he doesn't , ye 'll go to the Military Orphanage at the Regiment 's expense .
I 'll allow him three days ' grace , though I don't believe it at all .
we can only walk one step at a time in this world , praise God !
the priest leaned forward .
then he could pay the letter-writer and write letters to the lama at Benares .
perhaps Mahbub Ali would visit him next time he came south with horses .
but if Mahbub Ali did not know this , it would be very unsafe to tell him so .
Mahbub Ali was hard upon boys who knew , or thought they knew , too much .
the day dragged to its weary end .
but far-seeing sentries at every exit headed back the little scarlet figure .
three days of torment passed in the big , echoing white rooms .
Kim knew and despised them all long ago .
he did not care for any of the bazars which were in bounds .
this somewhat consoled Kim for the beatings .
on the morning of the fourth day a judgement overtook that drummer .
these tidings came to Father Victor , and he drew down his long upper lip .
father Victor fumbled with the note .
he 's beyond my comprehension .
all the officer-Sahibs in all the regiments , and all Umballa , know Mahbub Ali .
men saw me pick thee up and chastise that boy .
they would put me in jail .
give me money and I will go to Benares and be with my lama again .
the stallion bounded wildly .
Mahbub Ali had incautiously driven home the sharp-edged stirrup .
Kim drew his own conclusions from that betrayal .
it lay on the straight road to Benares .
Kim saw the trap at once .
a white Arab stallion .
Kim answered , feeling Mahbub 's palm on his heart .
that Kabuli of yours can go .
he has no equal .
we know all that .
his father was once a white soldier in the big war .
the boy was a child in Lahore city .
he played with my horses when he was a babe .
now I think they will make him a soldier .
he has been newly caught by his father 's Regiment that went up to the war last week .
but I do not think he wants to be a soldier .
I take him for a ride .
he has friends .
he goes where he chooses .
the Englishman looked critically at the boy as Mahbub headed towards the barracks .
Kim ground his teeth .
then he will forget all he knows .
I sent him to deliver a message once from Lahore .
and Mahbub stared deliberately at the Englishman , who stared as deliberately at Kim , quivering and tongue-tied .
Kim choked as bare-headed Father Victor sailed down upon them from the veranda .
meant to have come over and called before this .
the Englishman nodded .
besides , the boy wasn't going away .
the horse-dealer sat impassive in the sunlight .
he sells us all our crocks .
that boy is rather a curiosity .
Colonel Creighton raised his voice , speaking in Urdu .
I will wait till he has finished his talk with the Padre .
the Colonel laughed .
he 's a regular old leech , Padre .
wait , then , if thou hast so much time to spare , Mahbub .
now I 'm at your service , Padre .
where is the boy ?
oh , he 's gone off to collogue with Mahbub .
the Padre went indoors for cheroots .
the great red beard wagged solemnly .
the Colonel bit his cigar , and turned politely to Father Victor .
is old Red Hat of that sort ?
there is a big school there for the sons of Sahibs and half-Sahibs .
I have seen it when I sell horses there .
Mahbub Ali chuckled .
have patience , child .
five ten fifteen minutes passed , Father Victor talking energetically or asking questions which the Colonel answered .
but I 'm hoping he 'll be brought up as a good Catholic .
as soon as he knew the boy was white he seems to have made his arrangements accordingly .
my advice to you is , send the boy down to Lucknow .
I 'll excommunicate Doughty if he comes back alive !
as a matter of fact I don't think Bennett will mind .
put the blame on me .
you can buy him an outfit from the Regimental subscription .
it 's perfectly easy .
I 've got to go down to Lucknow next week .
don't make that mistake .
the lama has sent us money for a definite end .
we can't very well return it .
we shall have to do as he says .
well , that 's settled , isn't it ?
shall we say that , Tuesday next , you 'll hand him over to me at the night train south ?
that 's only three days .
you see , as an ethnologist , the thing 's very interesting to me .
I 'd like to make a note of it for some Government work that I 'm doing .
ye 'll make a wonderful account of it .
that goes straight to an ethnologist 's heart .
well , I must be getting back to my breakfast .
the colt will be entered for polo only .
therefore sit still for three days and do not run away .
Kim whimpered .
Mahbub Ali knows this , and he will be angry if thou returnest to the Road now .
then the bugles blew for dinner .
Sir John Christie .
then he ran to the bazar , and found the young letter-writer to whom he owed a stamp .
he was , by virtue of his office , a bureau of general misinformation .
take thy pen and write quickly .
take more ink !
in three days I am to go down to Nucklao to the school at Nucklao .
the name of the school is Xavier .
the reed pen scratched busily .
the man lifted his head .
Kim looked up hurriedly and saw Colonel Creighton in tennis-flannels .
the Colonel smiled a queer smile .
Kim took his courage in both hands .
the Colonel walked on .
come to me !
come to me !
now I will pay for a stamp and put it in the post .
the dealers call him the father of fools , because he is so easily cheated about a horse .
the Commander-in-Chief of all India does not talk , as Kim had heard him talk , to fools .
here was a man after his own heart a tortuous and indirect person playing a hidden game .
this solitary passage was very different from that joyful down-journey in the third-class with the lama .
it is my Kismet .
no man can escape his Kismet .
he looked at his boots ruefully .
this is the great world , and I am only Kim .
he considered his own identity , a thing he had never done before , till his head swam .
presently the Colonel sent for him , and talked for a long time .
then the Colonel , seeing his mistake , turned to fluent and picturesque Urdu and Kim was contented .
Kim thought .
would it be safe to return the Colonel 's lead ?
I am only a boy .
Kim shook his head resolutely .
the Colonel held up a rupee .
do not let it be blunted at St Xavier 's .
he knew well there is no hatred like that of the half-caste for his brother-in-law .
their pay was cut for ignorance .
there is no sin so great as ignorance .
that is good , if it allows me to return to the Road again .
when they came to the crowded Lucknow station there was no sign of the lama .
it took him nearly five minutes to recover .
then he sniffed the new air appreciatively .
last time it was a dancing-girl .
Kim was in the road headlong , patting the dusty feet beneath the dirty yellow robe .
he that was my friend at the Temple of the Tirthankars gave me a guide for this journey .
I came from Benares in the te-rain , when thy letter was given me .
yes , I am well fed .
in what way didst thou get to Benares ?
I separated myself from that company , permitting her to acquire merit by gifts .
I have never forgotten it .
they resolved my doubts most clearly .
it is not so ....y
Kim snarled over his shoulder .
my heart was in that letter I sent thee .
so from time to time , therefore , I will come again .
that is my hope , for he was a Fountain of Wisdom wiser than many abbots ....y .
he put the boy aside .
that is the place I have chosen till I find my River .
go up to the Gates of Learning .
let me see thee go ....y
Dost thou love me ?
then go , or my heart cracks ....y
I will come again .
surely I will come again .
the lama watched the ticca-gharri rumble into the compound , and strode off , snuffing between each long stride .
he suffered the usual penalties for breaking out of bounds when there was cholera in the city .
Kim watched , listened , and approved .
this was not insipid , single-word talk of drummer-boys .
the atmosphere suited him , and he throve by inches .
Kim made a note of this , for he began to understand where examinations led .
Kim considered it in every possible light .
he had been diligent , even as the Colonel advised .
moreover this was magic worth anything else he could write .
no , he would not test Mahbub 's hospitality and yet ....n
he thought it out alone in the dormitory , and came to the conclusion he had been unjust to Mahbub .
Dost thou know what manner of women we be in this quarter ?
she is the daughter of a certain schoolmaster of a regiment in the cantonments .
he has beaten me twice because I went over their wall in these clothes .
now I would go as a gardener 's boy .
all this disguise for one evening ?
she shook with laughter till her bracelets and anklets jingled .
she gave the dancing-girls ' salutation in mockery .
Kim patronized a third , and was the life and soul of it .
in all India that night was no human being so joyful as Kim .
about this time Colonel Creighton at Simla was advised from Lucknow by wire that young O'Hara had disappeared .
he has gone back to the Road again for a while .
the madrissak wearied him .
I knew it would .
do not be troubled , Creighton Sahib .
next morning , on the same course , Mahbub 's stallion ranged alongside the Colonel .
he will come back upon the appointed day .
it is better to eat with both hands for a while .
he would go back to the Road again , as I said .
is he not wise ?
he says he will return .
he is but perfecting his knowledge .
think , Sahib !
he has been three months at the school .
and he is not mouthed to that bit .
for my part , I rejoice .
he went alone before he came under the Colonel Sahib 's protection .
when he comes to the Great Game he must go alone alone , and at peril of his head .
why hinder him now ?
it is true , Mahbub Ali .
and if he comes to no harm , I do not desire anything better .
when his time is accomplished he will come to me .
it is time the healer of pearls took him in hand .
this prophecy was fulfilled to the letter a month later .
there was nobody within earshot to hear Mahbub 's gasp of amazement .
that is a wondrous city .
I have learned to read and to write English a little at the madrissah .
the dealer laughed till he nearly fell from his horse .
Mahbub stuffed himself with great boluses of spiced mutton fried in fat with cabbage and golden-brown onions .
they do not know the land .
he laughed aloud and beat his hand on his thigh .
what will the healer of turquoises say to this ?
step by step then , Kim told his adventures between coughs as the full-flavoured tobacco caught his lungs .
Kim pulled serenely .
I was a slave for many weeks .
Mahbub 's lips twitched under his well-pruned Mohammedan moustache .
my eye was against a knot-hole in the plank .
Mahbub Ali smiled gently .
Kim peered at Mahbub under his eyebrows .
I thought of that a little , but most I thought that I loved thee , Mahbub .
Kim asked .
Mahbub took a four-anna piece out of his belt and held it up .
Mahbub laughed , and put away the coin .
tell me for love .
I saw him in Creighton Sahib 's office .
I saw the two read the white stallion 's pedigree .
but I bore away the old man 's purse , and the Brahmin found nothing .
so next morning he was angry .
Mahbub scowled .
then he remembered and laughed .
I have known one Mahbub Ali for six years .
to the madrissah I will go .
at the madrissah I will learn .
in the madrissah I will be a Sahib .
as to all the rest , I am well pleased , and no further talk is needed .
from Balkh to Bombay men know that rough-ridged print with the old scar running diagonally across it .
yes ; that is best .
it came from behind the iron-skinned horse-truck .
who looks for a rat in a frog-pond ?
wait till he comes to lie down , and then one sure shot .
the trucks are between us and pursuit .
we have but to run back over the lines and go our way .
they will not see whence the shot came .
wait here at least till the dawn .
indeed a white stallion 's pedigree is not a good thing to peddle to Sahibs !
or maybe Mahbub has been selling other news .
that would be no profit for thee , Kim .
and this is not a matter for the police .
first , then , Kim must wake and go away , so that they shall not suspect .
a churel is the peculiarly malignant ghost of a woman who has died in child-bed .
after a few minutes he rolled towards the road and stole away into the thick darkness .
the horse was reined back almost on its haunches , and forced towards the culvert .
he stooped to lift its forefoot , and that brought his head within a foot of Kim 's .
they will shoot thee at thy lying down , because there is a price on thy head .
go back to the camp and lie down .
Mahbub wheeled his horse and vanished .
then a most brilliant notion struck him .
by Allah , I will tell the truth to an Englishman !
this is as bad as Peshawur !
I should lay a complaint at the station .
he tied up his horse outside the station , and strode on to the platform .
I come to look for Lutuf Ullah .
I have a truck-load up the line .
fakirs do not steal horses , so I gave them no more thought .
and you didn't bother your head about it ?
there are many up the line .
the State will never miss the dole .
Mahbub Ali chuckled in his dyed beard .
he waited idly for a few minutes , expecting to see them hurry up the line girt for action .
a light engine slid through the station , and he caught a glimpse of young Barton in the cab .
wrap it in paper and put it under the salt-bag ?
Mahbub smiled with heavenly resignation .
and there is much blood on the line .
they were unfriends of mine .
what a tale for the healer of pearls !
that was the reason that Sahib after Sahib , rolling along in a stage-carriage , would stop and open talk .
Mussalman , Hindu , Jain , or Buddhist ?
So says my Law or I think it does .
so says my heart .
this matter of creeds is like horseflesh .
therefore I say in my heart the Faiths are like the horses .
hearts are like horses .
shout Gul Sher Khan yonder to drive in that bay stallion 's pickets more firmly .
now hear me .
Mahbub nodded his head .
Kim spoke as though he could have vanished on the moment .
Mahbub Ali hauled himself off the ground , girt in his belt , and went over to the horses .
there was that in the tone that made Mahbub halt and turn .
Mahbub gave the money .
there is no need to tell more than is necessary at any one time .
Lurgan Sahib himself asked for thee .
Kim nodded .
Mahbub Ali returned , in the tone he used towards Europeans .
Lurgan Sahib has a shop among the European shops .
all Simla knows it .
men say he does magic , but that should not touch thee .
go up the hill and ask .
Itswoot the Bear had him in care To make him a medicine-man .
Kim flung himself whole-heartedly upon the next turn of the wheel .
he would be a Sahib again for a while .
a Hindu child , some ten years old , squatted under a lamp-post .
no door stayed them , but a curtain of beaded reeds that split up the lamplight beyond .
a whiff of musk , a puff of sandal-wood , and a breath of sickly jessamine-oil caught his opened nostrils .
he slid off the green shade and looked fixedly at Kim for a full half-minute .
the pupils of the eye dilated and closed to pin-pricks , as if at will .
Kim stared with interest .
he nodded and held the lamp above his head .
from the darkness he fancied he could hear the echo of a chuckle .
it could not be his soft-fleshed companion , because he was weeping .
the voice came from behind him and he started .
that was no cheerful night ; the room being overfull of voices and music .
Kim was waked twice by someone calling his name .
and the voice , very hard and whirring , came out of the trumpet .
Kim rubbed his nose and grew furious , thinking , as usual , in Hindi .
damn Mr Lurgan 's eyes !
it is some sort of machinery like a sewing-machine .
he is only a trader I am in his shop .
when the vile thing drew breath , Kim was reassured by the soft , sewing-machine-like whirr .
the box took no heed .
Kim wrenched at the tin trumpet and something lifted with a click .
he had evidently raised a lid .
he would clean that shaitan .
he slipped off his jacket , and plunged it into the box 's mouth .
Kim finished his slumbers with a serene mind .
in the morning he was aware of Lurgan Sahib looking down on him .
so I stopped it .
the man held out his hand .
that one is broken , but it was cheap at the price .
Kim looked him over out of the corners of his eyes .
he says he will kill you with a knife or poison .
he has just tried to kill me .
you must help me with the breakfast .
now a genuine imported Sahib from England would have made a great to-do over this tale .
Lurgan Sahib stated it as simply as Mahbub Ali was used to record his little affairs in the North .
Kim opened his eyes .
it will not hurt them to take the sun .
besides , they are cheap .
he piled Kim 's plate anew .
I grant you opals any fool can cure an opal but for a sick pearl there is only me .
suppose I were to die !
then there would be no one ....y
you cannot do anything with jewels .
he moved to the end of the veranda to refill the heavy , porous clay water-jug from the filter .
Kim nodded .
Lurgan Sahib 's smile showed that the compliment had gone home .
it fell short and crashed into fifty pieces , while the water dripped through the rough veranda boarding .
look at it .
Kim looked intently .
to save his life , Kim could not have turned his head .
the light touch held him as in a vice , and his blood tingled pleasantly through him .
he could see the veranda through it , but it was thickening and darkening with each beat of his pulse .
another wave of prickling fire raced down his neck , as Lurgan Sahib moved his hand .
he clung desperately to the repetition .
the shadow-outline of the jar cleared like a mist after rubbing eyes .
Kim wrenched his head aside .
he wiped his broad forehead .
Kim asked suspiciously .
the tingle had gone from his veins ; he felt unusually wide awake .
it was only to see if there was a flaw in a jewel .
that is why one must be careful before one sets them .
Lurgan Sahib looked at him more closely than ever .
you are the first that ever saved himself .
but you are right .
he turned into the dusky gloom of the shop , and sat down at the table , rubbing his hands softly .
a small , husky sob came from behind a pile of carpets .
it was the Hindu child obediently facing towards the wall .
his thin shoulders worked with grief .
he turned suddenly on Kim .
I do not know .
let him go , perhaps .
Kim thought .
Lurgan repeated the sentence slowly in the vernacular .
come out , and next time thy heart is troubled , do not try white arsenic quite so openly .
it might have made me ill , child , and then a stranger would have guarded the jewels .
but now he is at school at a new madrissah and thou shalt be his teacher .
play the Play of the Jewels against him .
he turned his back proudly .
the instinct of competition waked in his breast .
he bent over the tray .
the child slipped the paper over the winking jewels and scribbled in a native account-book .
give me time .
Kim shook his head .
the four-ruttee sapphire is chipped at the edge .
we have now all five blue stones .
there is one piece of old greenish pipe amber , and a cut topaz from Europe .
he clapped his hands at the close .
Kim stamped with vexation when the lad made his boast good .
he was always interested in religions .
the Hindu child played this game clumsily .
Lurgan Sahib this annoyed Kim watched the Babu and not the play .
how soon can he become approximately effeecient chain-man ?
the Babu swung out with the gait of a bogged cow .
the tone might almost have deceived Mahbub Ali , but it failed entirely with the healer of sick pearls .
Kim glanced sideways at his companion , whose eye had a way of compelling truth .
he is a writer of tales for a certain Colonel .
he smiled merrily at Lurgan 's Sahib 's very beard .
that is to be well thought of .
perhaps if he were very clever , he might live out the day but not the night .
among these ten I count the Babu , and that is curious .
but the days go slowly for me .
I am yet a boy , and it is only within two months I learned to write Angrezi .
even now I cannot read it well .
I have proved thee in several small ways .
then , changing suddenly into English with a deep laugh :
Kim 's face fell .
four days later a seat was booked for Kim and his small trunk at the rear of a Kalka tonga .
some day he would be all that and more .
some day he might be almost as great as Mahbub Ali !
Kim fell to telling himself the story of his own adventures through the last three months .
but it was , of course , out of the question .
after a huge meal at Kalka , he spoke uninterruptedly .
was Kim going to school ?
I am fond of drugs myself , and they are handy to cure poor people too .
these are good Departmental drugs quinine and so on .
from this date the record is silent .
yes , he had followed the traces of the Blessed Feet throughout all India .
one by one , with their strong trunks , they tried and failed .
he acquires wisdom in another place .
Pity that he does not take the Qpeen 's service .
then who is to catch him ?
he 's in yarak Plumed to the very point so manned , so weathered ....y
give him the firmament God made him for , And what shall take the air of him ?
the Babu 's famous drug-box proved useless , though Kim had restocked it at Bombay .
that was in the monsoon holidays , after he had taken the prize for mathematics .
remember how few and bad were the wells in the sand .
I stay here till all my horses are sold .
I will hire a room by the gateway , and thou shalt be my accountant .
the Pathan rose and stooped over his dappled saddle-bags .
he laid the garments formally at Kim 's feet .
a man can always come by those especially across the Border .
he clapped Kim on the shoulder .
Kim turned about , pointed his toes , stretched , and felt mechanically for the moustache that was just beginning .
Mahbub forestalled and embraced him .
all six cartridges come out at one twist .
they do not allow little guns .
the folly of the Sahibs has neither top nor bottom .
Lurgan Sahib operated as support in reserve .
from now on , day by day , he will lose his manners if he is kept at tricks .
Creighton turned to Lurgan .
the black beard nodded assent to the wisdom of the Afghan 's dyed scarlet .
that is why I always have my really valuable jewels watched by a child .
you sent him to me to try .
that has never happened before .
and that is three years ago .
I have taught him a good deal since , Colonel Creighton .
maybe you 're right .
let him run with the caravans like our white camel-colts for luck .
these facts , and a few others not to be published , made both Mahbub and Creighton shake their heads .
he seeks a River of Healing .
he is quite mad , but a peaceful man .
I have met him .
the Babu also has had dealings with him .
we have watched him for three years .
he wants to be made a member of the Royal Society by taking ethnological notes .
I think Hurree Babu is getting too old for the Road .
he likes better to collect manners and customs information .
yes , he wants to be an FRS .
how does that strike you , Mahbub ?
let the boy run with the lama for six months .
after that we can see .
he dropped the ghost-dagger and looked up at Mahbub .
if I withdraw him by order now what will he do , think you ?
for six months he shall run at his choice .
Lurgan slightly inclined his head .
one advantage of the Secret Service is that it has no worrying audit .
even Lurgan 's impassive face changed .
there is a great deal of hard work before you .
Mahbub snapped his fingers to show the utterness of that end , and his eyes blazed like red coals .
I begged that much from Colonel Creighton Sahib .
he plucked his thin linen trousers and dragged at his collar .
the lamps are lit now , and none will mark thee in the bazar .
he gave the reddest particulars .
those who know it call it The Birdcage it is so full of whisperings and whistlings and chirrupings .
when she turned it was like the clashing of copper pots .
a lean cat in the balcony outside the window mewed hungrily .
Kim checked , bewildered , at the door-curtain .
tonight we change thy colour .
this sleeping under roofs has blanched thee like an almond .
but Huneefa has the secret of a colour that catches .
also , we fortify thee against the chances of the Road .
that is my gift to thee , my son .
take out all metals on thee and lay them here .
Kim dragged forth his compass , Survey paint-box , and the new-filled medicine-box .
they had all accompanied his travels , and boylike he valued them immensely .
the woman rose slowly and moved with her hands a little spread before her .
then Kim saw that she was blind .
besides , a Pathan is a fair-skin .
Huneefa felt her way back from an inner room .
he took a pewter bowl from her ringed hand .
the dye-stuff showed blue and gummy .
Kim experimented on the back of his wrist , with a dab of cotton-wool ; but Huneefa heard him .
he did not like the white , sightless eyes .
no harm comes to thee , my son .
he could not see what the woman was about , but heard the dish-clash of her jewellery for many minutes .
then the room filled with smoke heavy aromatic , and stupefying .
we should never have done it but for the drugs .
Huneefa moaned , her dead eyes turned to the west .
the dark room filled with moanings and snortings .
from the outer balcony , a ponderous figure raised a round bullet head and coughed nervously .
Hurree Babu returned to his note-book , balanced on the window-sill , but his hand shook .
that work is done .
may the boy be better for it ; and Huneefa is surely a mistress of dawut .
help haul her aside , Babu .
Mahbub chuckled .
set him upon the way , Babu , and see that old Red Hat does not lead him beyond our reach .
Huneefa , in her corner , snored heavily , but Mahbub was gone .
Kim yawned and stretched himself .
it was good to turn and twist within loose clothes once again .
I have contributed rejected notes To Whom It May Concern : Asiatic Quarterly Review on these subjects .
she has charmed thee against all devils and all dangers in the name of her devils .
why , it is all ventriloquy .
if you feel in your neck you will find one small silver amulet , verree cheap .
that is ours .
Thatt is Huneefa 's look-out , you see ?
Colonel Creighton he does not know .
the turquoise is wrapped in the paper ....y
suppose we get into a dam'-tight place .
I am only Babu showing off my English to you .
you see , it is all my invention .
that is useful , anyhow .
you see ?
that is only in extreme instances , or to open negotiations with a stranger .
can you quite see ?
you would not know me at all unless I choose , I bet you .
some day I will prove it .
that is thee whole secret .
Kim repeated the test-sentence .
of course , at present , you have no offeecial business .
quite unique specimen .
Kim drew a deep breath and hugged himself all over .
kings could be no richer .
I know .
I have proved them .
he nodded tenderly to the wailing child in his arms .
and the mother being sick too ....v
hush , then , little one ....y
we changed his name when the fever came .
the child turned on the cushion of the huge corded arms and looked at Kim through heavy eyelids .
Kim asked , with easy interest .
Yonder is thy Temple .
he bade me come .
I wait .
that cry is so common in Benares that the passers never turned their heads .
he fumbled in his waist-belt and drew out a small silver coin .
the lama's eyes turned to Kim .
have they made thee a healer ?
Kim handed them to the man .
give him the water of the other three , and the other half of this white pill when he wakes .
now , son , we grow strong again .
do not spit it out , little Princeling !
he moved away , crooning and mumbling .
I have eaten thy bread three years .
my time is finished .
I am loosed from the schools .
he peered critically .
I did well I did well when I gave thee up to the armed men on that black night .
the lama smiled .
they must be interpreted to me .
I chose a surer way .
the lama pointed to the Arhats .
he told me that thou wast on the road to much honour as a scribe .
therefore I am here .
the ice was thin .
he pointed to a curiously-built mound of coloured rice crowned with a fantastic metal ornament .
it is the Sacrifice of the Universe to the Lord .
he snuffed from his gourd .
I was but waiting for thee .
again and again , as thou knowest , I put this from me , fearing an illusion .
therefore I would not take thee with me that day at Lucknow , when we ate the cakes .
I would not take thee till the time was ripe and auspicious .
that aid removed , my Search came to naught .
the Search , I say , is sure .
if need be , the River will break from the ground before us .
it is sufficient .
Kim watched the last dusty sunshine fade out of the court , and played with his ghost-dagger and rosary .
he sat down on the cushions and returned to his rosary .
it was not so when I was a man a long time ago .
Kim felt all the European 's lust for flesh-meat , which is not accessible in a Jain temple .
it brought the farmer , voluble , stuttering with gratitude .
he drew the cloth from the child 's face , and it smiled sleepily at Kim .
a little knot of Jain priests , silent but all-observant , gathered by the temple door .
being courteous folk , they had not obtruded themselves overnight by presence , word , or gesture .
Wherefore Kim repaid them as the sun rose .
the lama beamed in the background upon his hosts of three years .
they wear the Brahminical thread ; they adhere to every claim of Hindu caste-law .
I waited till my chela was ripe .
the cultivator rose to his feet , clutching the child .
Long and formal were the farewells , thrice ended and thrice renewed .
besides , I am not in good training .
the lama , both hands raised , intoned a final blessing in ornate Chinese .
they gorged themselves on the good food in silence .
one does not often find a worker of miracles , and the child is still weak .
he picked up his lathi a five-foot male-bamboo ringed with bands of polished iron and flourished it in the air .
pour , drink , lave , and scatter flowers but always pay the priests .
Kim laughed .
my son is best in his mother 's arms .
they all piled into it a couple of hours later , and slept through the heat of the day .
so , long and furious are the debates between travellers and Eurasian ticket-collectors .
but at Somna Road the Fates sent him a matter to think upon .
his face was cut , his muslin upper-garment was badly torn , and one leg was bandaged .
Kim watched him closely .
Kim made as to scratch in his bosom , and thereby lifted his own amulet .
the Mahratta 's face changed altogether at the sight , and he disposed the amulet fairly on his breast .
his experience of Benares had made him suspicious .
the Mahratta raised his eyes .
Kim pointed to the happy , drowsy lama , who woke with a jerk at the well-loved word .
he is also called the Friend of the Stars .
he walks as a physician his time being ripe .
sit by the window , man from Jullundur .
I have no desire to mix with chance-met wastrels .
my ears are not long .
the Jat slid himself heavily into a far corner .
Kim shook his head .
I escaped from the city and ran to Mhow .
at Mhow a woman brought charge against me of theft of jewellery in that city which I had left .
then I saw the cry was out against me .
neither love spies , and there is no justice .
if we die , we die .
our names are blotted from the book .
that is all .
then I came to Agra , and would have turned back to Chitor to recover the letter .
Kim nodded .
he understood that feeling well .
oh , they are clever in the South !
he recognized me as his agent for cotton .
I was the man they sought for the matter of the letter !
I go back guarded , and then I die slowly for an example to the rest of Us .
the South is not my country .
I run in circles like a goat with one eye .
I have not eaten for two days .
the wires will be out against me at Delhi , describing every tear and rag upon me .
the Mahratta twitched his fingers with pain from time to time .
Else I am dead .
this is a common penance , often imposed on a fat trader by his spiritual teacher .
Kim rubbed a finger-tip of bitterness on the child 's trusting little lips .
I go to heal another man .
Up flew the man 's huge paws in supplication .
thou shalt acquire merit by aiding .
what colour ash is there in thy pipe-bowl ?
that is auspicious .
let it be at thy pleasure .
is there a film before them already ?
the man flinched at the direct gaze , for Kim was wholly in earnest .
forbear to curse !
Strip strip swiftly , and shake thy hair over thine eyes while I scatter the ash .
he drew from his bosom the little Survey paint-box and a cake of crimson lake .
Dost thou know his touch , then ?
he was my teacher for a while .
we must bar thy legs .
ash cures wounds .
the Gods are kind to us !
it was a tin box of opium pills among the rubbish of the Jat 's bundle .
we lack only a Saddhu 's tongs .
his voice thrilled with a boy 's pure delight in the Game .
Kim had been trained by Lurgan Sahib ; E23 , by virtue of his business , was no bad actor .
the child buried his face in his amazed father 's arms .
we travel with warlocks , but they will not hurt thee .
oh , do not cry ....y
but that is thy child on thy shoulder given over to the burning-ghat not two days ago .
I did this charm in thy presence because need was great .
I changed his shape and his soul .
it lost nothing by repetition .
I saw nothing !
I heard nothing !
it was one that he had learned from Lurgan Sahib .
the lama stared through his spectacles as he had not stared at the business of disguisement .
so , in a silence of awe and great miscomprehension , they slid into Delhi about lamp-lighting time .
the heave and the halt and the hurl and the crash of the comber wind-hounded ?
the sleek-barrelled swell before storm grey , foamless , enormous , and growing ?
Stark calm on the lap of the Line or the crazy-eyed hurricane blowing ?
the Sea and the Hills .
I was right .
they come to hunt for me .
E23 glanced up under his eyelids .
he blundered out almost into the Englishman 's arms , and was bad-worded in clumsy Urdu .
it reminded him of the drummer-boys and the barrack-sweepers at Umballa in the terrible time of his first schooling .
he had been grinning at the freedom of the Saddhu 's tongue .
the Saddhu followed the policeman , fawning and supplicating .
they told me he was in Peshawur .
Kim ducked under a Mewar camel-driver 's greasy armpit and cannoned off a covey of jabbering Sikh matrons .
he bored through the edge of the crowd besieging the carriages , and squatted by the bench near the telegraph-office .
have no fear for the work , brother or my life .
thou hast given me breathing-space , and Strickland Sahib has pulled me to land .
we may work together at the Game yet .
I could not have leaped into safety as did the Saddhu .
I could not have thought to tell news under pretence of cursing ....y and how clever was the Sahib !
no matter , I saved the life of one ....y
that shook him .
then he saw the Saddhu fall sheer into the hands of the polis all the effect of thy art .
the lama snuffed blandly .
thou didst cure the Kamboh 's child solely to acquire merit .
Kim controlled himself with an effort beyond his years .
the train rolled out of Delhi into the night .
early morning Saharunpore-way is clean and well scented .
he thought of the other mornings at St Xavier 's , and it topped his already thrice-heaped contentment .
wise men do not run about like chickens in the sun .
she shall acquire merit by entertaining us in a little while at an after-occasion softly , softly .
now we will wander loose-foot , waiting upon the Chain of Things .
here sat the Gods on high and they were dreams of dreams .
here was our Heaven and the world of the demi-Gods horsemen fighting among the hills .
here were the Hells , hot and cold , and the abodes of tormented ghosts .
to those who follow the Way there is neither black nor white , Hind nor Bhotiyal .
we be all souls seeking escape .
the lama inclined his stately head .
I am not concerned with the account .
that is for my monastery .
each long , perfect day rose behind Kim for a barrier to cut him off from his race and his mother-tongue .
the old man 's mind turned more and more to his monastery as his eyes turned to the steadfast snows .
Kim was sitting on the edge of a cow 's manger , telling stories to a village smith 's children .
wash ye and eat .
that was on the pilgrimage .
it was true .
so he did .
she chuckled like a contented parrot above the sugar lump .
ye hail from Benares ?
I would have gone there again this year , but my daughter we have only two sons .
now in Kulu men are elephants .
the lama groaned as the Unjust Judge had groaned before him .
Kim coughed severely .
being young , he did not approve of her flippancy .
he sells it cheap , and certainly it makes him fat as Shiv 's own bull .
he travels about now , vending preparations of great value .
Kim bristled like an expectant terrier .
he knew those curious bastard English advertisements at the backs of native newspapers .
the Oorya , not unanxious to play off one parasite against the other , slunk away towards the dovecote .
the old lady chuckled .
charms are better , eh ?
I never gainsaid it .
battle was fairly joined now , and they heard the old lady stiffen to attention .
they dance and they play like children when they are grandfathers .
the voice launched into an immense tale of misfortune and bankruptcy , studded with plentiful petitions to the Government .
take up the palanquin .
the palanquin reeled off , followed by straggling torches and a horde of dogs .
twenty villages knew the Sahiba her failings , her tongue , and her large charity .
the hangers-on expected grave professional debate , and perhaps a little free doctoring .
the old servitor curled his white moustaches savagely in the young moonlight .
Kim 's hand clenched about the pipe-stem .
it annoyed him , too , that he had been hoodwinked .
I told you at Lucknow resurgam I shall rise again and you shall not know me .
I come to congratulate you on your extraordinary effeecient performance at Delhi .
I tell you we are all proud of you .
it was verree neat and handy .
he has been in some dam'-tight places .
now he will be in some more .
earth has nothing on the same plane to compare with it .
I meet our mutual at Delhi on the way back .
I tell our mutual you take the bally bun , by Jove !
it was splendid .
the frogs were busy in the ditches , and the moon slid to her setting .
some happy servant had gone out to commune with the night and to beat upon a drum .
Kim 's next sentence was in the vernacular .
Thatt was nothing .
I know from our mutual friend you go to Saharunpore .
so I come on .
Red Lamas are not inconspicuous persons .
all the common people know what you do .
I knew when the hospitable old lady sent the dooli .
they have great recollections of the old lama's visits here .
I know old ladies cannot keep their hands from medicines .
so I am a doctor , and you hear my talk ?
my word , Mister O'Hara , they know about you and the lama for fifty miles the common people .
so I come .
men do not come after one from Simla and change their dress , for the sake of a few sweet words .
I am not a child .
talk Hindi and let us get to the yolk of the egg .
Hurree Babu reached for the pipe , and sucked it till it gurgled again .
you sit tight , Mister O'Hara ....v
listen to me till the end .
that is the Government custom .
Hilas and Bunar Rajahs with guns undertook for a price to guard the Passes against all coming from the North .
Offeecially , I am debarred from criticizing any action of superiors .
now I go on .
my native sepoy-guard , they laughed at me !
I was such a fearful man .
Nevar mind thatt .
I go on colloquially ....y
nothing was done .
only my feet were frozen , and a toe dropped off .
the thing was an open jest among the coolies .
see the end !
they make great promises ; they speak as the mouthpiece of a Kaisar with gifts .
the Government knows , but does nothing .
and Colonel Creighton , he laughed at me !
it is all your beastly English pride .
to meet them .
they are coming in to Simla to send down their horns and heads to be dressed at Calcutta .
they are exclusively sporting gentlemen , and they are allowed special faceelities by the Government .
of course , we always do that .
I can do all sorts of things with black people , of course .
they are Russians , and highly unscrupulous people .
Hurree Babu snapped his fingers with irritation .
that is as easy for me as playing Mister Doctor to the old lady .
I remember once they wanted to cut off my head on the road to Lhassa .
I sat down and cried , Mister O'Hara , anticipating Chinese tortures .
he coughed and spat out the cardamoms .
I have great opeenion of you since I met my friend at Delhi .
and also I will embody your name in my offeecial report when matter is finally adjudicated .
it will be a great feather in your cap .
Oah ! there is ever so much truth in it .
I go from here straight into the Doon .
it is verree verdant and painted meads .
I shall go to Mussoorie to good old Munsoorie Pahar , as the gentlemen and ladies say .
that is the only way they can come .
I do not like waiting in the cold , but we must wait for them .
I want to walk with them to Simla .
you see , one Russian is a Frenchman , and I know my French pretty well .
I shall just be four or five miles ahead .
you go think on it till morning .
and that was part of the Great Game !
now I shall go far and far into the North playing the Great Game .
truly , it runs like a shuttle throughout all Hind .
he fumbled at his pencase .
the lami tore off a tiny square of paper fit to go in an amulet .
Kim thrust open the door and looked at the long , peaceful line of the Himalayas flushed in morning-gold .
the lama snuffed the wind wistfully .
Hurree Babu came out from behind the dovecote washing his teeth with ostentatious ritual .
the lama's knowledge of medicine was , of course , sympathetic only .
Hurree Babu deferred to these views with enchanting politeness , so that the lama called him a courteous physician .
Kim looked on with envy .
I will give orders for provision .
he rubbed his slim stomach .
Holy One and disciple , come again .
the room is always prepared ; the welcome is always ready ....y
see the women do not follow thy chela too openly .
I know the women of Kulu .
do not tilt the rice-bag upside down ....y
she wiped her red old eyes on a corner of her veil , and clucked throatily .
I gave her a charm .
the lama almost laughed aloud .
but she has skill .
I am refreshed all over .
when we reach the lower hills I shall be yet stronger .
the hakim is full of learning ; but he is in no way proud .
he preferred to sway the lama by his own speech not through the wiles of Hurree Babu .
I have told thee many times we be but two souls seeking escape .
that were senseless .
who but I saw that prophecy accomplished ?
indeed , I was the instrument .
the Sea and the Hills .
Kim , plains-bred and plains-fed , sweated and panted astonished .
the Plains kindly and gentle had treated the lama as a holy man among holy men .
but the Hills worshipped him as one in the confidence of all their devils .
there is a sudden wind among those stones that casts men down on the stillest day .
he said they could return to the Plains at any moment .
Kim looked out across the jungle of peaks .
there is no hurry for Hurree .
they were at Leh not so long ago .
they said they had come down from the Karakorum with their heads and horns and all .
he scratched with a twig on the earth .
they should have come in by Srinagar or Abbottabad .
Thatt is their short road down the river by Bunji and Astor .
but they have made mischief in the West .
our friends have been a long time playing about and producing impressions .
the lama would throw a careless finger backward at the ridges , and the umbrella would expend itself in compliments .
they came out upon grassy shoulders still snow-speckled , and through forest , to grass anew .
on this the Excellent One returned no answer ....y
these are the true Hills !
they are like my hills by Suchzen .
moreover , the white of worn canvas tents against green carries far .
there was no need to feign madness or the Babu had thought of another means of securing a welcome .
the gentlemen were delighted .
they begged his kind offices .
their native servants had gone sick at Leh .
they bore a general letter of introduction ( the Babu salaamed to it orientally ) to all Government officials .
no , they had not met any other shooting-parties en route .
they did for themselves .
they had plenty of supplies .
at least the Babu would be a witness to their oppression .
you have been shooting , eh ?
he skipped nimbly from one kilta to the next , making pretence to adjust each conical basket .
he babbled tales of oppression and wrong till the tears ran down his cheeks for the miseries of his land .
never was so unfortunate a product of English rule in India more unhappily thrust upon aliens .
I should like to visit his Rajah .
one might speak the good word there .
remember we are given all facilities and Name of God ! they give them to us too !
there is a risk attached , but these people bah !
they talk so particularly fast !
these Sahibs travelled without any retinue .
but he has a most complete hatred of his conquerors .
he did not wish to steal anything .
he thanked all the Gods of Hindustan , and Herbert Spencer , that there remained some valuables to steal .
the speaker struck passionately at a tall weed .
he scowled at the placid face , and the monumental calm of the pose .
we shall make your mark together we and you young people .
the Babu advanced loftily ; his back out of all keeping with his deferential speech , or his wink towards Kim .
my medicines cured one of a flux , and I go into Simla to oversee his recovery .
the lama's eyes lighted at the prospect of new listeners .
the strangers leaned on their alpenstocks and listened .
they guard it most carefully .
they have sent nothing back from Hilas or Leh .
they have no servants .
the lama warmed to his work , and one of the strangers sketched him in the quick-fading light .
but this was used for the initiation of a novice .
the lama shook his head slowly and began to fold up the Wheel .
they are highly unscrupulous people .
oh , sar ! sar !
it was too late .
all came about as swiftly as the sudden mountain-darkness .
Kim tore uphill .
a revolver-bullet rang on a rock by his side , and he cowered partridge-wise .
I have rescued the gentleman , sar .
Kim was thinking hard in English .
the Babu seemed to be in tears .
the shots ceased .
he dived into a clump of stunted firs .
the little fir-clump filled with clamouring coolies panic-stricken , and in their terror capable of anything .
the man from Ao-chung clicked the breech-bolt of his gun impatiently , and made as to go downhill .
then he rose to his feet , and laid a finger on the man 's shoulder .
I say there shall be no killing I who was Abbot of Such-zen .
the man from Ao-chung fell to his knees , for the voice boomed like a Tibetan devil-gong .
it was but his zeal , Holy One ! ....y
there will be no killing .
let the priest-beaters go in bondage to their own acts .
his head drooped , and he leaned heavily on Kim 's shoulder .
he slid to the ground , breathing heavily , and Kim could hear the over-driven heart bump and check .
Kim knelt over the body in deadly fear .
I have already looked into their baskets but we will make fair division at Shamlegh .
give him a little more .
it is good medicine .
his heart goes better now .
lay his head down and rub a little on the chest .
if he had waited quietly while I accounted for the Sahibs this would never have come .
but perhaps the Sahibs may chase us here .
here the lama coughed and sat up , groping for the rosary .
the Ao-chung man timidly patted his feet .
let me lay my head on thy lap , chela .
I am an old man , but not free from passion ....y
this was the nervous Rampur man .
let two men watch below with the guns lest the Sahibs do more foolishness .
the Ao-chung man took a pull at the whisky-bottle and passed it over .
the challenge was not taken up .
there we will fairly divide the baggage between us .
we will do all that at Shamlegh before dawn .
those Sahibs , who cannot speak our talk , or the Babu , who for his own ends gave us money ?
will he lead an army against us ?
what evidence will remain ?
she has no love for Sahibs , as we know .
he patted the fat sides of the nearest basket .
all their skins and heads were bought in the bazar at Leh .
I know the marks .
they were all bought skins and heads .
that was a shrewd argument , and the Ao-chung man knew his fellows .
we are not doing any wrong to any Sahibs whom we know .
they are priest-beaters .
they frightened us .
we fled !
who knows where we dropped the baggage ?
do ye think Yankling Sahib will permit down-country police to wander all over the hills , disturbing his game ?
how can they make trouble ?
I do not like to handle the Written Word in that fashion .
and their brass idols are beyond my comprehension .
the Ao-chung man refreshed himself , and swelled with pride of leadership .
the lama drew breath in natural , easy sleep , and Kim had been thinking of Hurree 's last words .
I can draw out its magic .
Whisky was demoralizing the Ao-chung man .
give the order .
there is more than enough for us all .
they arranged and re-arranged their artless little plans for another hour , while Kim shivered with cold and pride .
the humour of the situation tickled the Irish and the Oriental in his soul .
they had made promises to Kings .
I am here with all their things .
oh , they will be angry !
they demanded a plan of action .
he enlarged on this sin and its consequences till they bade him change the subject .
Hurree crouched lower .
the war was breaking out afresh .
he could hear the speaker literally dancing on the grass .
eight months ' work !
do you know what that means ?
they fell to it in several tongues , and Hurree smiled .
there was no means of communicating with the boy , but he could be trusted .
Just when I ran downhill I thought it !
consider the moral effect upon these ignorant peoples !
no treaties no papers no written documents at all and me to interpret for them .
at moonrise the cautious coolies got under way .
a huge pasture-ground ran up fan-shaped to the living snow .
by dawn there will be none to give evidence , one way or the other .
from the enormous pit before him white peaks lifted themselves yearning to the moonlight .
the rest was as the darkness of interstellar space .
it was a strong blow .
the lama came to rest on a folded blanket , as Kim went forward with his evening routine .
here he drank scalding black-tea ceremonially , taking the hot cup from Kim 's hand .
in fighting that lust , my soul was torn and wrenched beyond a thousand blows .
but the evil planted in me by that moment 's carelessness works out to its end .
now I must see into the Cause of Things .
from time to time he groaned .
Shamlegh kitchen-midden took the dunnage .
they left thee this kilta as the promise was .
we do not wish little Shamlegh to get a bad name on account of the accident .
she looked him over with bold , bright eyes , unlike the usual furtive glance of hillwomen .
she raised the heavy kilta like a toy and slung it into her own hut .
Kim caught his breath with delight , and reviewed the situation from a Sahib 's point of view .
he laid them aside .
they must all be kept .
he sniffed the embroidered bag .
it is a fine haul .
I wish Hurree could know ....y
he fingered a superb prismatic compass and the shiny top of a theodolite .
but after all , a Sahib cannot very well steal , and the things might be inconvenient evidence later .
they made one softish slab .
it will be very heavy .
I do not think there is anything more .
he repacked the kilta with all he meant to lose , and hove it up on to the windowsill .
a thousand feet below that was a hundred-year-old pine-forest .
he could see the green tops looking like a bed of moss when a wind-eddy thinned the cloud .
the wheeling basket vomited its contents as it dropped .
and my old man is sick .
I must tie up the letters in oilskin .
then with double care he packed away the books at the bottom of the food-bag .
the woman rapped at the door .
Kim had completely overlooked the necessity for a little patter-talk .
the woman laughed at his confusion irreverently .
they were all too drunk last night to hear a woman .
there is also the Babu with them .
the plan rose fully formed in Kim 's mind , and he smiled ravishingly .
tell me what to do .
I am at Shamlegh-under-the-Snow .
it will altogether shut his mouth .
they are still in the forest across the spur .
she drew a handful of walnuts from her bosom , split one neatly , and began to eat .
Kim affected blank ignorance .
he slipped the piece of paper between them quickly .
the woman sighed aloud , and Kim relented .
Kim laughed .
the Hills make cold bedfellows .
tell the villages to feed the Sahibs and pass them on , in peace .
we must get them quietly away from our valleys .
to steal is one thing to kill another .
the Babu will understand , and there will be no after-complaints .
I am the Woman of Shamlegh , and I hold from the Rajah .
I am no common bearer of babes .
this time Kim thought in the vernacular as he waxed down the oilskin edges of the packets .
Ho ! ho !
Shamlegh 's summer population is only three families four women and eight or nine men .
the neat Continental tents had been cut up and shared long ago , and there were patent aluminium saucepans abroad .
it was like sitting in a swallow 's nest under the eaves of the roof of the world .
whereupon he told it : a fantastic piled narrative of bewitchment and miracles that set Shamlegh a-gasping .
turning west a little , he steered for the green hills of Kulu , and sought Kailung under the glaciers .
these are the Hills of my delight !
shadows blessed above all other shadows !
out of the Hills I came the high Hills and the strong winds .
Just is the Wheel !
Kim took the waxed walnut-shell and read in English on the back of his note : your favour received .
when the Hills give thee back thy strength day by day ?
Kim bit back a smile .
I drank the beer and ate the bread of Guru Ch'wan .
he tilted back his cap and showed a puckered silvery scar .
Just is the Wheel !
the idolater's blow fell upon the scar .
Kim was genuinely distressed at the old man 's sorrow , and Mahbub Ali 's phrase slipped out unawares .
it is here ....y
so , at the Kulu woman 's house I turned hillward , over-persuaded by myself .
there is no blame to the hakim .
they strengthened me to do evil , to forget my Search .
I delighted in life and the lust of life .
I desired strong slopes to climb .
I cast about to find them .
I was afraid .
it was just .
thus evil followed evil till the cup was full .
Just is the Wheel !
it is only the fever of the blow .
I departed from that ordinance .
ignorance and Lust met Ignorance and Lust upon the road , and they begat Anger .
who can read the Cause of an act is halfway to Freedom !
he put his hand in his bosom , and drew forth the Wheel of Life .
I considered this after I had meditated .
now the Wheel serves me .
Kim stared at the brutally disfigured chart .
the logic was unanswerable .
the Arrow fell in the Plains not in the Hills .
he rose unsteadily to his feet .
let us eat and go .
Kim turned to the woman with the turquoise headgear who had been idly pitching pebbles over the cliff .
she smiled very kindly .
he was so hungry that he forgot his dignity and gave me sweet words .
she flung out an empty palm .
Kim nodded , with a bright eye .
the Sahibs will be given food as they need it nor will the people ask money .
the plunder is already distributed .
the Babu makes lying speeches to the Sahibs .
but it is no matter ....y
after service comes reward .
he sighed deeply ....y
Kim shook his head .
I heard that thou wast the tiger-hearted one who smote the Sahib .
let him dream a little longer .
he says he will go upon this hour .
I am his chela , and I go with him .
we need food for the Road .
he could not help smiling .
she clenched her hands upon her bosom ....y
the woman snatched it angrily .
Fair or black ?
I was fair once .
she pointed towards Kotgarh .
then I saw that the Gods of the Kerlistians lied , and I went back to my own people ....y
I have never set eyes on a Sahib since .
she set her hands on her hips and laughed bitterly .
there are no Gods under all the Heavens .
I know it ....v
yes , once I made music on a pianno in the Mission-house at Kotgarh .
she wound up with the English word , and tied the mouth of the brimming bag .
the woman swept the tall figure with her eyes .
he cannot cover half a mile .
at this Kim , already perplexed by the lama's collapse and foreseeing the weight of the bag , fairly lost his temper .
none must hinder my return .
I have wrestled with my soul till I am strengthless .
maybe it will give him strength .
make a charm !
call on thy great God .
she turned away .
the lama had squatted limply , still holding by the door-post .
one cannot strike down an old man that he recovers again like a boy in the night .
it is the mountain-sickness .
then the woman returned , more erect than ever .
they obeyed swiftly .
do not pester me .
I need thy blessings as much as I do thy curses .
it is my order and none of thine .
she beckoned Kim to her hut , and stooped above a battered English cash-box under her cot .
she looked up with a curious smile and laid a hand on his shoulder .
he held out his hand English-fashion .
she took it mechanically .
he explained it to everyone who asked many times aloud variously .
with millions of fellow-serfs , he had learned to look upon Russia as the great deliverer from the North .
he was a fearful man .
he had been afraid that he could not save his illustrious employers from the anger of an excited peasantry .
it might be useful to him later , if others , their friends , came over the Passes .
they gave him a certificate praising his courtesy , helpfulness , and unerring skill as a guide .
he put it in his waist-belt and sobbed with emotion ; they had endured so many dangers together .
thence he vanished like a dawn-cloud on Jakko .
the holy man would not stay though Lispeth pressed him .
the Babu groans heavily , girds up his huge loins , and is off again .
kindly villagers , remembering the Dacca drug-vendor of two months ago , give him shelter against evil spirits of the wood .
he dreams of Bengali Gods , University text-books of education , and the Royal Society , London , England .
the bearer rubs his shoulder , drinks water , spits it out again , and readjusts his grass sandal .
the men pick up the dooli and swing out of sight between the scrub clumps .
the lama raises a hand toward the rampart of the Himalayas .
I doubt at times whether Ananda more faithfully nursed Our Lord .
when I was a man a long time ago I forgot that .
why plague me with this talk , Holy One ?
let me rub the other foot .
it vexes me .
I am not a Sahib .
we reach Freedom together .
but even his spectacles do not make my eyes see .
there fall shadows when I would look steadily .
I am bound by the illusion of Time and Space .
I went ten thousand thousand in the spirit .
he looked at his thin blue-veined hand that found the beads so heavy .
Kim thought of the oilskin packet and the books in the food-bag .
he was tired and hot in his head , and a cough that came from the stomach worried him .
I have moved in one matter without consulting thee .
I have looked to that also .
an hysterical catch rose in his throat .
I was a child ....y
day by day , since Shamlegh down , I have stolen strength from thee .
know at least the devils that thou fightest .
they are earth-born children of illusion .
we will go to the woman from Kulu .
thou shalt run free till strength returns .
I had forgotten the stupid Body .
but we are too close to the Gates of Deliverance to weigh blame .
I could praise thee , but what need ?
let us talk of the woman from Kulu .
my tale was told .
with a laugh across his tears , Kim kissed the lama's feet , and set about the tea-making .
I told thee I told thee , Holy One , to keep an eye upon the chela .
never answer me !
I know .
he has been running among the women .
he has been sifted out !
Kim looked up , over-weary to smile , shaking his head in denial .
we are here upon great matters .
the two old heads nodded wisely together .
Kim had reeled to a room with a cot in it , and was dozing soddenly .
the lama had forbidden him to set blankets or get food .
I did the boy wrong .
he lent thee his strength ?
it is true that the old eat the young daily .
what is it ?
I must tell his mother .
it is most singular honour !
if a child cries they say the heavens are falling .
this was pure Hinduism , but the lama never heeded .
I have borne sons in the body .
oh , once I could please men !
he heard her armlets tinkle as though she bared arms for action .
Hai ! hai !
thou shalt have nothing .
oh , that is another matter .
for some absurd reason their weight on his shoulders was nothing to their weight on his poor mind .
she brewed drinks , in some mysterious Asiatic equivalent to the still-room drenches that smelt pestilently and tasted worse .
she stood over Kim till they went down , and inquired exhaustively after they had come up .
she laid a taboo upon the forecourt , and enforced it by means of an armed man .
then she fed him , and the house spun to her clamour .
once I was that one , and now I am this .
mine was but a jest .
Kim sat up and smiled .
the terrible weakness had dropped from him like an old shoe .
his tongue itched for free speech again , and but a week back the lightest word clogged it like ashes .
I could have told him that before he wetted himself all over .
a babe of three would do better .
do not fret thyself for the Holy One .
I remember that the days and nights passed like bars of white and black , opening and shutting .
how shall I make thanks ?
somewhere a mother must have borne thee to break her heart .
the hakim is brought very low these days .
get up and see the world !
it is a pity you are sick .
that is correct Departmental view to take .
for that reason the blood tingled through his body , when Hurree , skipping elephantinely , shook hands again .
he will have to explain offeecially how the deuce-an'-all he is writing love-letters to the Czar .
the British Government will change the succession in Hilas and Bunar , and nominate new heirs to the throne .
it was all he cared for .
you are offeecially subordinate to me , but I shall embody your name in my verbal report .
it is a pity we are not allowed written reports .
that is good .
I was very tired .
my Holy One was sick , too .
I am his good friend , I tell you .
I followed him on his meditations , and to discuss ethnological points also .
by Jove , O'Hara , do you know , he is afflicted with infirmity of fits .
Yess , I tell you .
the Babu tapped his forehead knowingly .
it was splendid .
oh , days and days and days !
now all the hill-people believe all Russians are all beggars .
by Jove ! they had not one dam'-thing that I did not get them .
and I told the common people oah , such tales and anecdotes !
I will tell you at old Lurgan 's when you come up .
it is feather in both our caps !
Yess , and they gave me a certificate .
you should have seen them at the Alliance Bank identifying themselves !
you do not laugh verree much , but you shall laugh when you are well .
now I will go straight to the railway and get out .
you shall have all sorts of credits for your game .
when do you come along ?
we are very proud of you though you gave us great frights .
the Babu looked shyly down his nose .
suppose she had stole them ?
it was only practical suggestion , I think .
Mahbub was angry too .
I do not care .
Mahbub he nearly beat me too , and he went and consorted with the lama no end .
I shall stick to ethnological investigations henceforwards .
I shall report you offeecially better .
with the fall of the sunlight upon his still triumphant face he returned to the humble Dacca quack .
and he is a fearful man .
at first his legs bent like bad pipe-stems , and the flood and rush of the sunlit air dazzled him .
I am Kim .
his soul repeated it again and again .
he shook himself like a dog with a flea in his ear , and rambled out of the gate .
I have done my share .
mother Earth must do the rest .
his head lay powerless upon her breast , and his opened hands surrendered to her strength .
I only wished to see that the boy had come to no harm and was a free agent .
the lama sat down .
Mahbub laughed , and tugged his newly dyed beard .
I remember the tale .
my chela aided me to the River .
now I see !
that is the right gait for the colt .
certainly he must go forth as a teacher .
I acquired merit in that I gave alms for his sake .
a good deed does not die .
he aided me in my Search .
I aided him in his .
he will have attained Freedom at the end .
I must get to my horses .
it grows dark .
do not wake him .
Mahbub choked down his touch of spleen and rose laughing .
then the humour of it touched his worldly soul .
thy teachings are good .
he laughed immensely .
So he thought after he had seen thee and a few others , male and female .
some men are strong in knowledge , Red Hat .
but he spoke well of my chela , who now enters upon his reward .
I am all well now .
let us go to the house .
it is many days since I tended thee .
and the Sahiba fed thee well ?
who shampooed thy legs ?
he peered at the cross-legged figure , outlined jet-black against the lemon-coloured drift of light .
the lama held his peace .
Out shot the long yellow hand compelling silence .
Kim tucked his feet under his robe-edge obediently .
I bring news !
the Search is finished .
the boat of my soul lacked direction ; I could not see into the Cause of Things .
so I gave thee over to the virtuous woman altogether .
I took no food .
I drank no water .
they pressed food upon me and cried at my shut door .
so I removed myself to a hollow under a tree .
I took no food .
I took no water .
two days and two nights without food !
I saw them at one time and in one place ; for they were within the Soul .
by this I knew that I was free .
and I meditated a thousand thousand years , passionless , well aware of the Causes of all Things .
I pushed aside world upon world for thy sake .
it is here !
I remember the hakim was concerned for the body of Teshoo Lama .
so thus the Search is ended .
for the merit that I have acquired , the River of the Arrow is here .
it broke forth at our feet , as I have said .
I have found it .
Just is the Wheel !
Certain is our deliverance !
the unsung beauty hid life 's common things below .
each In His Own Tongue
old Man Shaw 's Girl
aunt Olivia 's Beau
Pa Sloane 's Purchase
x . the Courting of Prissy Strong
then she saw Ludovic Speed coming down the lane .
no one else in Middle Grafton had such a tall , gently-stooping , placidly-moving figure .
Anne roused herself from her dreams , thinking it would only be tactful to take her departure .
Ludovic was courting Theodora .
but you won't .
Theodora never pretended to bashfulness where Ludovic was concerned .
she was not at all shy of referring to him and his dilatory courtship .
indeed , it seemed to amuse her .
but even Anne 's imagination failed her for this .
was there ever such a misfit of a name ?
as she brought him into the sitting-room she made a comical grimace at Anne over his shoulder .
Ludovic smiled pleasantly at Anne .
but Anne did not affect him in this fashion .
his eyes were dreamy and pleasant , with a touch of melancholy in their blue depths .
he sat down in the big bulgy old armchair that had belonged to Theodora 's father .
Ludovic always sat there , and Anne declared that the chair had come to look like him .
the conversation soon grew animated enough .
Ludovic was a good talker when he had somebody to draw him out .
a wind , odour-freighted , blew daintily across it .
she liked Ludovic , but allowed herself to be provoked with him .
when Theodora was not smiling , she looked very imposing .
Theodora overflowed into a smile .
at least I did .
Ludovic wouldn't quarrel with anyone .
you have to fight air when you spar with him .
Theodora laughed comfortably .
well , I 'd have no objection to marrying Ludovic .
that 's frank enough for you , isn't it ?
but it 's not easy to marry a man unless he asks you .
since Theodora was in the mood , she meant to sift this puzzling affair to the bottom .
Theodora dropped her work and looked meditatively out over the green slopes of the summer world .
Ludovic isn't shy .
it 's just his way the Speed way .
the Speeds are all dreadfully deliberate .
they spend years thinking over a thing before they make up their minds to do it .
he never hurried in his life .
why , he has been thinking for the last six years of getting his house painted .
he 's fond of me , and he means to ask me to have him sometime .
Theodora went back to her stitches with another laugh .
I 'm too shy .
it sounds ridiculous to hear a woman of my age and inches say that , but it is true .
of course , I know it 's the only way any Speed ever did make out to get married .
for instance , there 's a cousin of mine married to Ludovic 's brother .
I couldn't do anything like that .
but it stuck in my throat .
and now I don't mind .
Ludovic doesn't realize that we are growing old , you know .
he thinks we are giddy young folks yet , with plenty of time before us .
that 's the Speed failing .
and he certainly does need somebody to look after HIM .
you can see that for yourself .
that old aunt of his looks after his house in some fashion , but she doesn't look after him .
but I never could flirt and there 's nobody to flirt with if I could .
Anne told her .
at first Theodora laughed and protested .
in the end , she yielded somewhat doubtfully , overborne by Anne 's enthusiasm .
Anne went back to Echo Lodge tingling with delight in her plot .
she hunted up Arnold Sherman , and told him what was required of him .
Arnold Sherman listened and laughed .
the comedy would not be dull , whatever its outcome .
the curtain rose on the first act after prayer meeting on the next Thursday night .
it was bright moonlight when the people came out of church , and everybody saw it plainly .
the boys said he had worn the paint off that particular place .
Ludovic knew of no reason why he should paste himself up against the church door .
Theodora would come out as usual , and he would join her as she went past the corner .
Arnold Sherman asked her if he might see her home .
Theodora hardly enjoyed her walk home , although Arnold Sherman laid himself out to be especially entertaining .
her heart yearned after Ludovic , whose shuffling footsteps she heard behind her .
when she and Arnold turned in at her gate , Ludovic had to stop .
Theodora looked over her shoulder and saw him standing still on the road .
his forlorn figure haunted her thoughts all night .
he felt bewildered .
even in the moonlight , its weather-worn aspect was plainly visible .
then he doubled up his fist and struck it smartly on the gate-post .
Arnold Sherman was there before him , and was actually sitting in Ludovic 's own prescriptive chair .
if Theodora felt the situation to be awkward , she carried it off superbly .
she had never looked handsomer , and Ludovic perceived that she wore her second best silk dress .
he wondered miserably if she had donned it in expectation of his rival 's call .
she had never put on silk dresses for him .
I was afraid he might stay away and sulk .
but he is feeling badly enough , poor soul , and I 'm really eaten up by remorse .
he tried to outstay Mr Sherman last night , but he didn't manage it .
the following Sunday evening Arnold Sherman walked to church with Theodora , and sat with her .
when they came in Ludovic Speed suddenly stood up in his pew under the gallery .
but he just gave a sort of gasp and set down again .
people did not go to church and sit together in Grafton unless they were the next thing to being engaged .
she sat through the service in misery and heard not one word of the sermon .
but Ludovic 's spectacular performances were not yet over .
the Speeds might be hard to get started , but once they were started their momentum was irresistible .
when Theodora and Mr Sherman came out , Ludovic was waiting on the steps .
he stood up straight and stern , with his head thrown back and his shoulders squared .
Anne walked all the way over from Avonlea the next day to hear the news .
Theodora smiled consciously .
coming home last night Ludovic asked me plump and plain to marry him , Sunday and all as it was .
Arnold Sherman thought of Theodora 's ripe beauty , and the mellow companionableness she had revealed in their brief intercourse .
I ..y the May Chapter
gossip , as usual , was one-third right and two-thirds wrong .
THEY were real generous and neighbourly .
there never was a finer gentleman than old Doctor Lloyd .
if she doesn't want our company , she doesn't have to suffer it , that 's all .
the children believed she amused herself counting the gold in the big black box under her bed .
Mary Moore was the only one who was quite sure she was not a witch .
those Road children don't know what they 're talking of .
I don't want to get up and live it .
she did not like the Spencer children because they always seemed so afraid of her .
he now concluded that he had been mistaken .
somewhere in her walk she had shed ten years at least .
Pity she was such an old miser !
for the first time she enjoyed and blessed Crooked Jack 's garrulity and gossip .
every word he uttered was as an apple of gold in a picture of silver to her .
the Spencer young ones are crazy over her already .
Leslie 's daughter !
then there had been a foolish , bitter quarrel at the end of that golden summer .
but I cannot .
I could not bear that .
I can see her go by every day I can have that dear pleasure , at least .
she knew that it shone from the Spencers ' spare room .
so it was Sylvia 's light .
old Lady Lloyd knew better .
she filled her basket with them , gloating over the loveliness which was to give pleasure to Sylvia .
she had put on her dark green silk on purpose for hiding .
she had not long to wait .
Soon Sylvia Gray came down the hill with Mattie Spencer .
when she reached the bridge she saw the Mayflowers and gave an exclamation of delight .
then she saw her name and her expression changed to wonder .
Mattie giggled .
Sylvia frowned a little .
she lifted the flowers and buried her face in them .
the main thing was that Sylvia should have the delight of them .
Chris himself denied it , but he was not believed .
every day she loved her more , and yearned after her more deeply .
all the long repressed tenderness of her nature overflowed to this girl who was unconscious of it .
but it might not be .
Chris Stewart , when he was teased about the music teacher , merely smiled and held his peace .
Chris knew perfectly well who was the real giver of those flowers .
he had made it his business to find out when the Mayflower gossip started .
she no longer hated the new days ; on the contrary , she welcomed them .
the church 'll be packed to-morrow , I reckon her name 's gone all over the country for singing .
he went away , wishing he hadn't said it .
she went into the house in a tumult and tried to conquer that desire .
she could not do it , even thought she summoned all her pride to her aid .
pride said :
you haven't fit clothes to go to church in .
she sang three hymns in her cracked voice , prayed aloud , and read a sermon .
Spencervale congregation had a mild sensation the next afternoon .
as a matter of fact , she did not look in the least absurd .
Sylvia 's voice thrilled through and dominated them all .
but when the ushers got up to take the collection , an undercurrent of subdued excitement flowed over the congregation .
Sylvia rose and came forward to Janet Moore 's side at the organ .
Janet Moore and Sylvia Gray walked home from church together .
she has never been to church in my recollection .
what a quaint old figure she is !
she has a very striking face .
I don't think I 'd like to know her .
if she knew who I am I suppose she would dislike me .
this was perfectly true ; but it is by no means certain that the minister understood her either .
she got far more pleasure out of the thought of Sylvia 's enjoying them for her tea .
thereafter the strawberries alternated with the flowers as long as they lasted , and then came blueberries and raspberries .
it was being nourished with heavenly manna .
had anything happened to Sylvia ?
Mrs Spencer was telling me about it .
this was dreadful .
but how was it to be managed ?
she went to the cupboard and took down the beloved jug .
strangers would get it then it might as well go to them now .
I haven't been to town for ten years .
I dread the thought of going , more than parting with the jug .
old Lady Lloyd felt like a traitor to her traditions .
SHE , at any rate , had not faltered and coloured , and lost her presence of mind .
presently , she resolutely put Andrew Cameron out of her mind .
it was desecration to think of him and Sylvia together .
Desire grows by what it feeds on .
Sylvia Gray was standing in her room , ready for the party .
there was another spectator .
Pink as they were , they were not so pink as her cheeks , and her eyes shone like stars .
Sylvia gave a little sigh in spite of her joy .
ah , Sylvia , you were wrong !
but a sudden thought checked her refusal before it reached her lips .
one thing she found out Sylvia 's birthday was the twentieth of August .
they were talking of their favourite poets .
Janet , it appeared , adored Byron and Scott .
Sylvia leaned to Tennyson and Browning .
he never published any more poor father !
I think life disappointed him .
but I have such a longing to see that little book of his verse .
I haven't a scrap of his writings .
father went to Europe after mother died , and he died there the next year .
it was as if she had given away the last link between herself and her youth .
but she did not regret it .
after all , giving away the book had not mattered so very much .
when she asked Sylvia how she liked living in Spencervale , Sylvia said ,
everybody is so kind to me .
but she would not have seen anything if she had looked .
but the dearest gift came last week on my birthday a little volume of my father 's poems .
I can't express what I felt on receiving them .
Sylvia hesitated for an almost unnoticeable moment .
perhaps some day she will reveal herself to me .
Mrs Marshall came up at this juncture and entreated Miss Gray to sing for them .
she wondered a little uneasily if Sylvia really did suspect her .
then she concluded that it was out of the question .
V ..y the September Chapter
she felt like an utterly different woman ; and other people thought her different also .
she had walked all the way to Avonlea sand-hills for it the day before , and she was very tired .
and her heart was sad .
the minister 's wife had nothing but praise for Sylvia she was so sweet and beautiful and winning .
she would certainly become a great singer competent critics have told her so .
she had a fine voice , and he was going to send her abroad to have it trained .
and she died .
it nearly broke his heart , I understand .
it was a long walk for her , but she could not afford to drive .
this is a pleasant surprise .
did you come in this morning ?
but , she told herself , the time was past for squeamishness .
if she could ask a favour of Andrew Cameron , she could bear lesser pangs .
she went straight to the point with Lloyd simplicity .
never was anything so bland and gracious as his tone .
I understand her name has already been suggested to you , with a recommendation from her teacher .
Andrew Cameron was suaver than ever .
and I shall not take up any more of your valuable time .
but he insisted on telephoning for his carriage to drive her to the station .
she went into the waiting-room and sat down .
she was very tired .
all the excitement that had sustained her was gone , and she felt weak and old .
she felt as if she were walking in a bad dream .
she stumbled in over her threshold and closed the door .
Teddy 's freckled face was very pale .
oh , Miss Gray , she looked awful .
Sylvia , without stopping for reflection , caught Teddy 's hand and ran up the slope .
Teddy , too frightened to go in , lurked on the step outside .
but she knew Sylvia and cowered down .
Sylvia did not go away .
at a glance she had seen that this was sickness and delirium , not insanity .
several other women offered assistance .
everybody was kind and thoughtful .
even in delirium something sealed her lips as to that .
but if she lives , and will let us help her , things will be different after this .
she 's really going she 's had word from Andrew Cameron .
but one day , when she was strong enough to talk a little , she said to Sylvia ,
I can even accept a personal favour from him now .
Sylvia , I find that I have been letting no ends of cats out of bags in my illness .
everybody knows now how poor I am but I don't seem to mind it a bit .
I 'm only sorry that I ever shut my neighbours out of my life because of my foolish pride .
everyone has been so kind to me , Sylvia .
I 'm going to open it to all the kindness and companionship I can find in young and old .
anyone who has sympathy and understanding to give has a treasure that is without money and without price .
and oh , Sylvia , you 've found out what I never meant you to know .
it is because I am Leslie Gray 's daughter , isn't it ?
and you will come to see me sometimes ?
and next year when I go to Europe thanks to you , fairy godmother I 'll write you every day .
through the open window , where the red vines hung , came the pungent , sun-warm October air .
the sunshine fell over Sylvia 's chestnut hair like a crown of glory and youth .
each In His Own Tongue
the honey-tinted autumn sunshine was falling thickly over the crimson and amber maples around old Abel Blair 's door .
just inside the door , on a bandy-legged chair of elder days , old Abel almost always sat .
lower Carmody people would have told you .
he was sober to-day .
Felix was a beautiful child .
he 's got a work to do if the minister 'll let him do it .
Carmody people never asked what old Abel meant .
there was his father , you see .
Felix shook his head .
he wants me to be a minister .
he 's the only minister I ever had much use for .
sometimes your eyes frighten me , but oh , it 's a splendid fright !
if I had father 's violin I could do better .
I don't know what he meant , but it did seem to me that HIS violin was alive .
I 've never made anything else .
her name was Anne Shirley and she lived with the Cuthberts down at Avonlea .
we got into a conversation at Blair 's store .
she could talk a blue streak to anyone , that girl could .
but never mind all that .
my miserable old feelings don't count for much .
I think he burned it .
and I 'm glad for that .
but I 'm hungry for a violin all the time .
and I only come here when the hunger gets too much to bear .
he never thinks of such a thing .
and that makes me very wretched .
Mr Blair , do you know why grandfather can't bear to have me play on the violin ?
it isn't my secret .
maybe he 'll tell you himself some day .
knowing what I know , I can't blame him over much , though I think he 's mistaken .
how do you do it ?
but I play differently to different people .
I don't know how that is .
the strange , golden gleam flashed through old Abel 's sunken eyes .
he himself was beautiful .
his figure was erect and youthful , despite seventy years .
he has quite a gift for the violin .
Mr Leonard was on the door-stone .
the little black dog had frisked down to meet him , and the gray cat rubbed her head against his leg .
the violin bow clattered from Felix 's hand upon the floor ; he swung around and faced his grandfather .
old Abel had risen deprecatingly .
don't you blame the boy .
I coaxed him to play a bit for me .
I didn't feel fit to touch the fiddle yet myself too soon after Friday , you see .
I came over here on purpose to play , because I thought you had gone to the harbour .
there was no anger in Mr Leonard 's tone only measureless sorrow .
the boy 's sensitive lips quivered .
dusky crimson rushed madly over the boy 's face .
he gave a cry as if he had been lashed with a whip .
old Abel sprang to his feet .
man , man , what blinds you ?
can't you see what is in the boy ?
his soul is full of music .
Mr Leonard looked shocked ; he considered that old Abel had uttered blasphemy .
he turned away from him rebukingly .
there was no relenting in his face or tone .
he was merciless in the use of the power he possessed over that young , loving spirit .
Mr Leonard drew a long breath of relief .
he knew that promise would be kept .
so did old Abel .
the latter crossed the floor and sullenly took the violin from Felix 's relaxed hand .
but from its window he stealthily watched his visitors go away .
instantly the boy flung his arm up over the old man 's shoulder and smiled at him .
in the look they exchanged there was boundless love and trust ay , and good-fellowship .
Mr Leonard went to his study to pray when he got home .
she would say nothing , she would only look at him with reproachful eyes over the teacups at suppertime .
Martin Moore was a professional violinist .
Margaret Leonard did not believe this .
she married Martin Moore and lived one year in paradise .
perhaps that atoned for the three bitter years which followed that , and her child .
her body was taken home to be buried beside her mother in the little Carmody churchyard .
Mr Leonard wished to take the child , but Martin Moore refused to give him up .
the grandfather awaited the child 's coming with mingled feelings .
his heart yearned for him , yet he dreaded to meet a second edition of Martin Moore .
suppose Margaret 's son resembled his handsome vagabond of a father !
thus Mr Leonard tortured himself wretchedly before the coming of Felix .
the child did not look like either father or mother .
Felix 's only inheritance from his father was his love of music .
but the child had genius , where his father had possessed only talent .
Mr Leonard had taken possession of it and Felix had never seen it since .
he cried himself to sleep many a night for the loss of it .
then , with it half-way to his lips , he paused .
well , he had studied hard all winter , and he was certainly growing very fast .
when vacation came he must be sent away for a visit .
Mrs Murphy says she believes the woman is dying , but nobody dares tell her so .
I went to Naomi 's house for shelter .
the door was open , so I walked right in , because nobody answered my knock .
Naomi Clark was at the window , watching the cloud coming up over the sea .
Part of the time I watched the storm , and the other part I watched Naomi 's face .
it was dreadful to see , like the storm , and yet I liked to see it .
she wanted something lively , and I tried just as hard as I could to play something like that .
but I couldn't .
and before I got through , Naomi came at me , and tore the violin from me , and SWORE .
Felix shivered .
it was fit to break your heart .
Maggie chuckled to herself over the gruesome remembrance .
but Maggie shook her head .
she uttered an eerie cry , and ran at full speed shoreward through the spruce woods .
finally , he had been compelled to let her alone .
yet Naomi had not always been an outcast .
her father was a man notorious for his harshness and violence of temper .
Naomi took up her quarters in a little deserted house at Spruce Cove .
had her child lived it might have saved her .
but it died at birth , and with its little life went her last chance of worldly redemption .
for the past five years , however , Naomi had lived a tolerably respectable life .
nobody knew what was to be done with her , for nobody wanted to be bothered with her .
Naomi Clark went to the girl and offered her a home .
a great dread of darkness had always been one of Naomi 's peculiarities .
she was tossing restlessly on her poor couch , while Maggie crouched on a box at the foot .
Mr Leonard had not seen her for five years , and he was shocked at the change in her .
they were the eyes of a creature driven wild with torture , hounded by furies , clutched by unutterable fear .
Naomi sat up and dragged at his arm .
I didn't know before today that I was dying .
none of those cowards would tell me .
he had seen sad death-beds troubled death-beds ay , and despairing death-beds , but never anything like this .
I was driven on by fiends of hell .
sins like mine can't be forgiven .
that 's why I 'm skeered of him .
no , no .
he 's a God of wrath and justice and punishment .
there ain't no such thing as love !
Naomi 's shrill laughter , pealing through the still room , was hideous to hear .
the old minister shuddered .
Naomi cowered and moaned .
I wouldn't be frightened if I could believe that .
oh , I ain't afraid of HIM .
yes , HE could understand and forgive .
he knew he could not make Naomi realize it .
I can't believe anything else .
her voice rose again into that shrill , intolerable shriek .
oh , there ain't nobody to help me !
she wrung her hands .
Mr Leonard walked up and down the room in the keenest anguish of spirit he had ever known .
what could he do ?
what could he say ?
in all his life he had never known such bitterness of soul as the realization brought home to him .
Mr Leonard dropped on his knees by the bed .
he did not know what to say .
in his anguish of mind Stephen Leonard gasped out the briefest and sincerest prayer his lips had ever uttered .
help this woman .
no one noticed it , and it quickly drew back into the shadow .
Maggie started up , pushed Mr Leonard aside , and proceeded to administer some remedy with surprising skill and deftness .
presently a figure stole out into the light .
Felix came up to the stone step .
the spasm had passed .
reluctantly , Mr Leonard signed Felix to enter .
the boy stood by Naomi 's bed and looked down at her with sympathetic eyes .
she turned to Felix .
Felix looked at his grandfather .
Mr Leonard felt that he had failed his religion .
he could not give Naomi the help that was in it for her .
he had no idea what he should play .
a strange , inspired look came over the boy 's face .
Mr Leonard forgot his heartbreak and listened to it in puzzled amazement .
he had never heard anything like it before .
how could the child play like that ?
he looked at Naomi and marvelled at the change in her face .
at the foot of the bed the idiot girl sat with tears on her cheeks .
then it held the wild , wayward dreams of youth , sweet and pure in all their wildness and waywardness .
they were followed by a rapture of young love all-surrendering , all-sacrificing love .
the music changed .
it held the torture of unshed tears , the anguish of a heart deceived and desolate .
Mr Leonard almost put his hands over his ears to shut out its intolerable poignancy .
again the music changed .
and in it now there was agony and fear and repentance and a cry for pardon .
to Mr Leonard there was something strangely familiar in it .
he looked at his grandson with something like awe .
was it of God ?
for the last time the music changed .
it was healing for a sick soul ; it was light and hope and peace .
Felix lowered the violin and dropped wearily on a chair by the bed .
he knows all about it .
I ain't skeered any more .
the minister told me that but I couldn't believe it .
Naomi Clark died just as the dawn came up over the sea .
Mr Leonard rose from his watch at her bedside and went to the door .
the fir trees on the point moved softly and whispered together .
the old minister and his grandson walked home together in a silence that neither wished to break .
when Janet had gone , he turned to Felix .
Felix looked up , with a transfiguring flush on his wan face .
after this night I dare not hinder you .
it is not the way I desired for you but I see that I was mistaken .
he turned to meet Janet , who came into the study with a violin .
Felix 's heart throbbed ; he recognized it .
Mr Leonard took it from Janet and held it out to the boy .
for your responsibility is as your gift , and God will exact the accounting of it from you .
Mrs William Morrison was one of those people who always speak decisively .
moreover , these people are always given their full title by everybody .
Mrs William always improved every shining moment .
you are not able for such a drive .
you wouldn't get over it for a month .
indeed I am .
I do so want to hear Joscelyn sing .
she just seemed like one of our own .
she was one of God 's children , carrying love with them everywhere .
but you remember what she did say .
Mrs William shrugged her plump , shapely shoulders .
oh , Maria , I 've longed for years and years just to hear her sing once more .
I 've never had the chance before and I never will have it again .
he has got to attend that political meeting at Newbridge .
you couldn't go to Kensington with the hired man .
aren't William and I kind to you ?
I am going down to the shore field now to call William to tea .
why , she cried now about every little thing !
really , it was hard to put up with her whims .
Mrs William sighed virtuously .
but she knew that it was not to be , since Mrs William had decided otherwise .
Mrs William 's word was law at Gull Point Farm .
Jordan was the Morrisons ' hired boy that summer , and he worshipped Aunty Nan .
Aunty Nan smiled wanly .
I 'm not going to be here very long now .
something tells me so very plainly .
it is fifteen years since she came here one summer to board .
the child was just starving for love , Jordan , and she got it here .
William and his brothers were just children then , and they hadn't any sister .
we all just worshipped her .
she was so sweet , Jordan .
but couldn't she sing !
I used to hold my breath to hear it .
it was born in her .
Sunday evening she used to sing hymns for us .
oh , Jordan , it makes my old heart young again to remember it .
I daresay she has forgotten me , as Maria says .
but I haven't forgotten her , and oh , I want to see and hear her terrible much .
Jordan couldn't think of anything to say .
Jordan detested Mrs William , but she was a power to be reckoned with , all the same .
Meek , easy-going Billy Morrison did just what his wife told him to .
so Aunty Nan did not get to Kensington to hear little Joscelyn sing .
she said nothing more about it but after that night she seemed to fail very rapidly .
Mrs William said it was the hot weather , and that Aunty Nan gave way too easily .
even her knitting wearied her .
she talked to herself a good deal , generally about little Joscelyn .
justice must be done to Mrs William , however .
if Aunty Nan felt the absence of the spirit she never murmured at it .
she complained of nothing but great weariness .
after dinner Jordan crept up by way of the back stairs to see her .
Aunty Nan was lying with her eyes fixed on the pale pink climbing roses that nodded about the window .
when she saw Jordan she smiled .
if I could only see her !
oh , Jordan , if I could only see her !
Maria says it 's terrible childish to be always harping on that string , and mebbe it is .
Jordan felt a queer sensation in his throat , and twisted his ragged straw hat about in his big hands .
but all he said was :
Jordan went out and hurried down-stairs .
Billy Morrison was in the stable , when Jordan stuck his head over the half-door .
Jordan hitched Dan into the second best buggy , dressed himself in his Sunday clothes , and drove off .
Jordan got to Kensington , put Dan up in a livery stable , and inquired the way to The Beeches .
but you 're going just the same , Jordan Sloane , and no skulking .
march right up now .
a pert-looking maid answered Jordan 's ring , and stared at him when he asked for Miss Burnett .
the pert maid decided to be civil at least , and invited Jordan to enter .
but she left him standing in the hall while she went in search of Miss Burnett .
Jordan gazed about him in amazement .
he had never been in any place like this before .
then Joscelyn Burnett came , and Jordan forgot everything else .
Jordan 's round , freckled countenance grew crimson .
he felt horribly tonguetied and embarrassed .
what could he say to her ?
how could he say it ?
is she well ?
she turned toward one of those fairy-like rooms , but Jordan interrupted her desperately .
I 'd never get it out .
just let me blunder through it out here someways .
and she 's longing for you night and day .
she 's always talking of you .
Joscelyn Burnett looked troubled .
now it came back with a rush .
and yet I must see Aunty Nan , too .
I have been careless and neglectful .
I might have gone to see her before .
yes , sir , you 'll get back in time .
it was sunset when they reached Gull Point Farm .
an arc of warm gold was over the spruces behind the house .
Up-stairs , Joscelyn tapped at the half-open door and went in .
this was his hour of triumph over Mrs William .
Jordan , for pity 's sake , hold the baby while I go and put on my black silk .
you might have given a body some warning .
as Mrs William flounced out of the kitchen , Jordan took his satisfaction in a quiet laugh .
Up-stairs in the little room was a great glory of sunset and gladness of human hearts .
it seems like a beautiful dream .
you haven't changed a bit .
and you 're a famous singer now , little Joscelyn !
I always knew you would be .
sing that piece people like to hear you sing best .
I forget the name , but I 've read about it in the papers .
Joscelyn knelt by her again and they had a long talk of old days .
one by one they recalled the memories of that vanished summer .
the past gave up its tears and its laughter .
Aunty Nan was perfectly happy .
and then Joscelyn told her all the story of her struggles and triumphs since they had parted .
Joscelyn rose and went to the window .
lifting back the curtain , she stood in the splendour of the moonlight , and sang the grand old hymn .
when the hymn ended , Joscelyn came over to the bed .
then she saw that Aunty Nan had fallen asleep .
no , thank you , I don't care for any refreshments .
Jordan is going to take me back to Kensington at once .
I love Aunty Nan , Mrs Morrison , and I owe her much .
thus it was that Mrs William found her , going in the next morning with her breakfast .
the marriage of a Penhallow was always the signal for a gathering of the Penhallows .
many of them had driven fifty miles .
Lucinda and Romney Penhallow were also there .
she and plump Mrs Frederick Penhallow did most of the talking .
she was George Penhallow 's second wife , married only a year .
Mrs George wondered within herself what he did there among the women .
she also wondered just where he belonged on the family tree .
he was not one of the uncles , yet he could not be much younger than George .
she was one of those rare women who keep their loveliness unmarred by the passage of years .
she had ripened and matured , but she had not grown old .
Mrs George liked and admired Lucinda .
Poor Mrs George might well be excused for feeling bewildered over the effect .
overcome by the mordant satire in his tone , Mrs George glanced speechlessly at Lucinda .
then Mrs George looked at her sisters-in-law .
they were regarding her with the tolerant amusement they might bestow on a blundering child .
what Penhallow skeleton had she unwittingly jangled ?
why , oh , why , was it such an evident breach of the proprieties to praise Lucinda ?
Mrs Frederick indulged in a laugh which put the mettle of her festal brown silk seams to the test .
oh , bother !
you must go to Uncle John if you want the genealogy .
I 'm in a chronic muddle concerning Penhallow relationship .
to ask him if he didn't think Lucinda was looking well !
of course he thought you did it on purpose to tease him .
Lucinda and Romney are in love with each other .
was this a Penhallow method of courtship ?
and they never have spoken .
you will notice she still wears Romney 's ring .
and they are just as much in love with each other as they ever were .
he 's always hanging about where she is when other people are there , too , that is .
he avoids her like a plague when she is alone .
that was why he was stuck out in the blue room with us to-day .
there doesn't seem to be a particle of resentment between them .
if Lucinda would only speak !
Mrs Frederick shook her crimped head sagely .
the whole thing has hardened too long .
her pride will never let her speak .
it is such a shame , too .
they were made for each other .
doesn't it sound as if we were talking of the quarrel of two school-children ?
and she won't .
you never saw two such determined mortals .
they get it from their grandfather on the mother 's side old Absalom Gordon .
there is no such stubbornness on the Penhallow side .
it would have made your blood run cold , my dear , to have heard him go on at times .
and yet he was a real good old man every other way .
he couldn't help it someway .
it used to mortify his family terribly .
fortunately , none of them took after him in that respect .
but he 's dead and one shouldn't speak ill of the dead .
I must go and get Mattie Penhallow to do my hair .
dear heart and soul , think of it !
Lucinda still enjoyed dressing for a festivity , since the mirror still dealt gently with her .
moreover , she had a new dress .
when she had finished dressing she looked at herself in the mirror with frank delight .
the form and face reflected in the glass satisfied her .
Lucinda had magnificent eyes .
once Romney had written a sonnet to them in which he compared their colour to ripe blueberries .
but you are .
that makes you an old maid , my dear .
she flung her train out straight and pulled on her gloves .
bless Uncle Mark 's good , uncalculating heart !
the wedding was quite a brilliant affair .
it was that unlucky Mrs George who blundered again .
she was standing on the veranda when Carey Penhallow dashed up .
at this moment George Penhallow , holding his rearing horse with difficulty , shouted for his wife .
Mrs George , all in a flurry , dashed back into the still crowded hall .
thus it was that Lucinda , when she came out to the veranda step , found herself unaccountably deserted .
plainly there was nobody to take her .
Lucinda was angry .
it is not pleasant to find yourself forgotten and neglected .
Lucinda was not prepared for such a walk .
Lucinda 's pride scorned such a request and the admission of neglect it involved .
she believed that nobody had thought about her at all , which was tenfold worse than premeditated neglect .
Lucinda recognized him with a great deal of annoyance and a little relief .
she would not have to walk home alone .
would he think she had contrived it so purposely ?
at first Lucinda felt angrier than ever .
what a ridiculous situation !
as for Romney , he , too , was angry with the trick impish chance had played him .
would she think he had schemed for it ?
she was even smiling a little maliciously under her fascinator .
midway in the lane Lucinda was attacked by a sentimental recollection .
just here , by the big gray beech , he had stopped her and kissed her .
Lucinda checked another sigh , gathered up an escaped flutter of voile , and marched on .
when Lucinda and Romney arrived at the brook they gazed at the brawling water blankly .
Lucinda remembered that she must not speak to Romney just in time to prevent an exclamation of dismay .
there was no tree !
there was no bridge of any kind over the brook !
here was a predicament !
Lucinda gasped helplessly .
Lucinda was the first to regain her feet .
the remembrance of all her wrongs that night rushed over her soul , and her eyes blazed in the moonlight .
Lucinda Penhallow had never been so angry in her life .
Romney meekly scrambled up the bank after her .
she stood on a flat stone and wrung the water from the poor green voile .
Romney surveyed her apprehensively .
you have more need to hurry .
you are sopping wet yourself and you know you are subject to colds .
Romney came up to her and slipped his arm through hers in the old way .
for a time they walked along in silence .
and we will go on , thinking of it at intervals for the rest of our lives .
she did not speak again until they reached the Grange gate .
then she faced him solemnly .
at the Grange almost everybody was in bed .
Mrs Frederick , Mrs Nathaniel and Mrs George alone were up .
that is all .
no , Cecilia , I never take cold , so don't worry .
yes , my dress is ruined , but that is of no consequence .
no , thank you , Cecilia , I do not care for a hot drink .
Romney , do go and take off those wet clothes of yours immediately .
I am going straight to bed .
when the door closed on the pair the three sisters-in-law stared at each other .
they never did know .
old Man Shaw 's Girl
it seems far too good to be true that I 'm to have Blossom again .
and everything is ready .
yes , I think everything is ready , except a bit of cooking .
and won't this orchard be a surprise to her !
I 'm just going to bring her out here as soon as I can , never saying a word .
he rubbed his hands again and laughed softly to himself .
he was as blithe as a pilgrim on a pathway climbing to the west .
he would give his baby to no one .
he was as tender and faithful and deft as a woman .
she had a way of embroidering life with stars .
Sara never went to school , but her father saw to her education after a fashion of his own .
everything , even her own feelings , must give way to that .
it was only on having this most clearly understood that Sara would consent to go at all .
in three years I 'll be back .
half a continent was between them and Mrs Adair had vetoed vacation visits , under some specious pretense .
but every week brought its letter from Sara .
he spent every Sunday afternoon re-reading them , with her photograph before him .
he would have nothing altered .
when Sara came back she was not to be hurt by changes .
and now those three interminable years were gone , and Sara was coming home .
the red roses were out in bloom .
he was gloating over Sara 's letter when Mrs Peter Blewett came .
everything is attended to .
I couldn't let anyone else prepare for Blossom .
only to think , ma'am , she 'll be home the day after to-morrow .
Mrs Blewett smiled sourly .
Mrs Blewett was one with whom life had gone awry .
old Man Shaw looked slightly bewildered .
Mrs Blewett smiled again , with double distilled contempt for such simplicity .
Mrs Blewett shrugged her sharp shoulders .
it 's to be hoped not , for both your sakes , I 'm sure .
look at Lauretta Bradley .
his blue eyes flashed ominously , straight into Mrs Blewett 's straggling , ferrety gray orbs .
his delight was dead ; his heart was full of pain and bitterness .
why had he never thought of it before ?
old Man Shaw walked through his garden and looked at everything with new eyes .
he went in , and up-stairs to Sara 's room .
it was neat and clean , just as she had left it three years ago .
even the orchard over the hill brought him no comfort now .
blossom would not care for orchards .
she would be ashamed of her stupid old father and the barren farm .
old Man Shaw was unhappy enough that night to have satisfied even Mrs Blewett had she known .
after a little the worst sting passed away .
his companionship could no longer satisfy her .
she would be sweet and kind Blossom could never be anything else .
Mrs Blewett was right .
the old bench was warm in the sunshine .
old Man Shaw sat down with a long sigh , and dropped his white head wearily on his breast .
he had decided what he must do .
he was still sitting broodingly there when a girl came up the lane .
old Man Shaw held her tightly in a silence of amazement and joy too deep for wonder .
Sara rubbed her cheek against the faded coat sleeve .
you didn't have to walk from the station , did you ?
I was in such a fever to get home that I jumped at the chance .
of course I walked from the station it 's only two miles and every step was a benediction .
my trunks are over there .
I was going to bake to-morrow morning .
don't you remember how scandalized White Sands folks used to be at our irregular hours ?
let us begin right here with the garden .
they had a glorious afternoon of it , those two children .
they explored the garden and then the house .
Sara danced through every room , and then up to her own , holding fast to her father 's hand .
she ran to the window and threw it open , leaning out .
I 've looked at magnificent scenery and then I 'd shut my eyes and conjure up that picture .
oh , listen to the wind keening in the trees !
he took her to the orchard and followed out his crafty plan of surprise perfectly .
before them a sea of splendour , burning like a great jewel , stretched to the gateways of the west .
the spruces were rejoicing in the wind , and even the battered firs were singing of the sea .
old memories trooped into their hearts like shining spirits .
won't you miss it ?
Sara patted his hand gently .
aunt Olivia 's Beau
we found her strangely quiet and preoccupied .
we said nothing , knowing that Aunt Olivia 's secrets always came our way in time .
then we put our sweet-grass baskets back in the proper place in the proper closet in the proper room .
nothing was ever permitted to remain an instant out of place in Aunt Olivia 's house .
when we went downstairs , Aunt Olivia asked us to go into the parlour .
every article of furniture stood in exactly the same place it had always stood .
nothing was ever suffered to be disturbed .
no speck of dust was ever visible ; no fly ever invaded that sacred apartment .
she folded her hands in her lap , and looked at us with shy appeal in her blue-gray eyes .
we even forgot to be curious , so astonished were we .
he went out to British Columbia twenty years ago .
I echoed stupidly .
aunt Olivia bridled a little .
I do hope he won't think me foolish .
he did not think Mr Malcolm MacPherson was a fit person for me to marry once .
but that was long ago , when Mr Malcolm MacPherson was very poor .
she did not look at me , which was my salvation .
Mr Malcolm MacPherson was my beau then .
I think that was why he never said anything to me about getting married then .
of course , his sister sometimes gave me news of him .
but last June I had a letter from him .
I wrote back and said I would .
aunt Olivia said that exactly as if she were reading it from the personal column of the Daily Enterprise .
I asked .
aunt Olivia blushed distressfully .
nothing can be definitely settled until Mr Malcolm MacPherson comes .
but it will not be before September , at the earliest .
there will be so much to do .
we promised that we would , and Aunt Olivia arose with an air of relief .
Peggy and I hurried over home , stopping , when we were safely out of earshot , to laugh .
only youth can be sentimental without being mirth-provoking .
aunt Olivia need not have dreaded any more opposition from her cruel family .
aunt Olivia plainly felt very happy and important .
the day on which Mr Malcolm MacPherson was expected Peggy and I went over .
she was plainly nervous ; the abstract was becoming concrete .
Peggy and I helped her to dress .
she insisted on wearing her best black silk , in which she looked unnaturally fine .
her soft muslin became her much better , but we could not induce her to wear it .
aunt Olivia went into the parlour , settled herself in the old carved chair , and folded her hands .
had Mr Malcolm MacPherson dropped from the skies ?
I ran downstairs and opened the door .
in one hand he carried a bunch of early goldenrod and smoke-blue asters .
I showed him into the parlour .
then Peggy and I peeped through the crack of the door .
anyone would have done it .
Mr Malcolm MacPherson gave two strides .
then he caught Aunt Olivia in his arms and smack , smack , smack !
Peggy sank back upon the stair-step with her handkerchief stuffed in her mouth .
aunt Olivia was being kissed !
I saw Aunt Olivia 's eyes roam over his arm to the inverted table and the litter of asters and goldenrod .
she looked distressed .
she twisted herself free and went to set up the table .
the look on Aunt Olivia 's face was too much for me at last .
I turned , caught Peggy by the shoulder and dragged her out of the house .
it did not take us long to get well acquainted with Mr Malcolm MacPherson .
he almost haunted Aunt Olivia 's house , and Aunt Olivia insisted on our staying with her most of the time .
she was delighted that we admired him .
he might be offended .
he has bought the old Lynde place in Avonlea and wants to be married in a month .
but , dear me , that is too soon .
Peggy and I liked Mr Malcolm MacPherson very much .
so did father .
we were glad that he seemed to think Aunt Olivia perfection .
amid all the humour of the circumstances Peggy and I snuffed tragedy compounded with the humour .
Mr Malcolm MacPherson could never be trained to old-maidishness , and even Aunt Olivia seemed to realize this .
he seldom moved in the house without knocking some of Aunt Olivia 's treasures over .
he smoked cigars in her parlour and scattered the ashes over the floor .
he sat on her cushions and rolled her antimacassars up into balls .
he never noticed Aunt Olivia 's fluttering nervousness at all .
once she even got a wing and dustpan and swept the cigar ashes under his very eyes .
he worshipped Aunt Olivia , and his worship took the concrete form of presents galore .
this hurt him a little , but she assured him she would wear them all sometimes .
don't you see how it 's hurting her ?
then she added with a laugh ,
aunt Olivia thought it very unbecoming to sit there before us , but he made her do it .
to my dying day I shall never forget the expression on the poor little woman 's face .
she became very quiet , and never laughed except under protest .
I pitied her , for I think I understood better than the others what her feelings really were .
but even I was not prepared for what did happen .
I would not have believed that Aunt Olivia could do it .
I thought that her desire for marriage in the abstract would outweigh the disadvantages of the concrete .
but one can never reckon with real , bred-in-the-bone old-maidism .
but Aunt Olivia looked like a martyr .
they went in , and I returned to the south-west room .
that poor man has had to do his courting under our very eyes .
the south-west room was directly over the parlour and there was an open stovepipe-hole leading up therefrom .
it was easy enough to hear what Mr Malcolm MacPherson was saying .
there was a pause .
I would have given much to have seen the pair of them .
when Mr Malcolm MacPherson spoke his voice was that of blank , uncomprehending amazement .
surprise was giving way to dismay .
but it 's not too late .
I knew you would not understand .
my ways are not your ways and I cannot make them over .
there was such real agony in his tone that Peggy and I were suddenly stricken with contrition .
what were we doing ?
we had no right to be listening to this pitiful interview .
we rose and tiptoed out of the room , wholesomely ashamed of ourselves .
we could not pretend surprise , but Peggy ventured a faint protest .
Peggy and I went home and told father .
we felt very flat , but there was nothing to be done or said .
father laughed at the whole thing , but I could not laugh .
things were very dull for a week .
we saw no more of Mr Malcolm MacPherson and we missed him dreadfully .
aunt Olivia was inscrutable , and worked with fierceness at superfluous tasks .
one evening father came home with some news .
after tea Peggy and I went over to see Aunt Olivia , who had asked our advice about a wrapper .
she was sewing as for dear life , and her face was primmer and colder than ever .
I wondered if she knew of Mr Malcolm MacPherson 's departure .
delicacy forbade me to mention it but Peggy had no such scruples .
aunt Olivia dropped her sewing and stood up .
I have never seen anything like the transformation that came over her .
it was so thorough and sudden as to be almost uncanny .
it was almost a shriek .
Peggy turned pale .
I have almost died of loneliness since I sent him away .
but I thought he would come back !
Peggy , run home and get father to harness Dick in the buggy as quickly as he can .
we 'll drive Aunt Olivia to the station .
Peggy flew , and Aunt Olivia dashed upstairs .
a wonderful sight it was to see Aunt Olivia bedizened like that !
the people who met us that night must have thought we were quite mad .
I tossed the reins to a boy standing near and we followed .
Just under the glare of the station lamp we saw Mr Malcolm MacPherson , grip in hand .
aunt Olivia fairly flung herself against him .
Mr MacPherson put his arm about her and drew her back into the shadows .
so wrapped up in each other were they that I did not even feel superfluous .
I set them safely down in Aunt Olivia 's yard and turned homeward , completely forgotten by the pair .
it had rained that afternoon and the yard was muddy .
I refused to take that class in Sunday School the first time I was asked .
it was not that I objected to teaching in the Sunday School .
I was noted for that .
it saves a great deal of trouble and it simplifies everything beautifully .
I had always disliked men .
I was noted for that .
my experiences through life only served to deepen it .
people generally do what Mrs Allan asks them to do because they know it saves time .
Mrs Allan talked smoothly for half an hour before she mentioned the Sunday School , and paid me several compliments .
Mrs Allan is famous for her tact .
tact is a faculty for meandering around to a given point instead of making a bee-line .
I have no tact .
I am noted for that .
I am noted for my decision .
Mrs Allan looked dubious .
I knew she had expected me to choose the girls .
not that I disliked her .
but she had such a habit of asking weird , unexpected questions , which a Philadelphia lawyer couldn't answer .
besides , I thought Mrs Allan required a slight snub .
but I was not .
I am not often a dismal failure when I make up my mind to do a thing .
I am noted for that .
I asked him crisply .
Mr Allan coughed .
I have always insisted that if that man were not a minister he would have a sense of humour .
I said , remembering .
Mr Allan gave a chuckle a ministerial chuckle , but still a chuckle .
but I did not show Mr Allan that he annoyed me .
it is always a great mistake to let a man see that he can vex you .
the next afternoon I harnessed my sorrel pony to the buggy and drove down to Alexander Abraham Bennett 's .
as usual , I took William Adolphus with me for company .
William Adolphus is my favourite among my six cats .
he is black , with a white dicky and beautiful white paws .
Alexander Abraham 's place was about three miles along the White Sands road .
I knew the house as soon as I came to it by its neglected appearance .
plainly , there was no woman about THAT place .
still , it was a nice house , and the barns were splendid .
just as I was half-way up , a dog swooped around the front corner and made straight for me .
I never stop to argue matters with a dog that doesn't bark .
I know when discretion is the better part of valour .
I reached it in time and no more .
I can hardly say with truthfulness what I was .
on the contrary , I admit that I felt considerably upset .
he bared his teeth and growled when he caught my eye .
I meant it for an insult ; but the beast took it for a compliment .
it did not seem easy to solve it .
William Adolphus shook his head .
this is a fact .
and I agreed with him .
now , it is impossible to go down .
I looked up .
Just above my head was an open window with a tolerably stout branch extending right across it .
I asked .
William Adolphus , wasting no words , began to climb the tree .
I followed his example .
the dog ran in circles about the tree and looked things not lawful to be uttered .
it probably would have been a relief to him to bark if it hadn't been so against his principles .
but I did not pause to take in details .
with William Adolphus under my arm I marched downstairs , fervently hoping I should meet no one on the way .
I did not .
the hall below was empty and dusty .
a man was sitting by the window , looking moodily out .
I should have known him for Alexander Abraham anywhere .
he looked at me with blank amazement in his countenance .
you ought to be prosecuted for keeping such a dog !
instead of answering Alexander Abraham began to laugh in a most unpleasant fashion .
it was Jimmy .
such a kitchen !
Alexander Abraham opened the door which was locked just as a buggy containing two men drove into the yard .
I admit that this exasperated me .
the doctor did not answer my question .
instead , he looked reproachfully at Alexander Abraham .
this house is under quarantine for smallpox .
I wheeled furiously upon Alexander Abraham .
I cried .
you see , Peter , it was this way .
last night she developed unmistakable symptoms of smallpox .
I came down here this morning and explained the matter to Mr Bennett .
Jacob Green and Cleophas Lee will watch at night .
while listening to the doctor I had been thinking .
my pony is tied out there to the fence .
please take him home .
anyway , you 'll have to have William Adolphus .
I 'll have to put up with that dog of yours .
Alexander Abraham was sitting on a chair looking at me .
presently he said ,
Alexander Abraham coughed gently .
when I fortunately turned out to be a girl my mother insisted that I should be called Angelina .
Alexander Abraham looked as if a light had broken in on him .
goodness only knows what would have happened to Alexander Abraham just then if a diversion had not taken place .
I suppose he had got tired waiting under the cherry tree for William Adolphus and me to come down .
but Mr Riley since that was the brute 's name paid no attention to Alexander Abraham .
William Adolphus sat up and began to take notice .
he humped his back , flattened his ears , swore once , and then made a flying leap for Mr Riley .
William Adolphus landed squarely on Mr Riley 's brindled back and promptly took fast hold , spitting and clawing and caterwauling .
you never saw a more astonished dog than Mr Riley .
such a racket and commotion I never heard , and I laughed until the tears came into my eyes .
Alexander Abraham turned purple with rage .
I ran to help him up , which only seemed to enrage him further .
there never was any more trouble with Mr Riley after that .
William Adolphus had the best of it and he kept it .
seeing that things had calmed down and that it was five o'clock I decided to get tea .
Alexander Abraham said something that I prudently did not hear .
but I got up a supper somehow .
I am noted for getting up suppers .
that tea and toast mellowed Alexander Abraham in spite of himself .
Mr Riley did not seem to want anything .
he had no appetite .
by this time the doctor 's boy had arrived with my valise .
I went to it and put on a wrapper .
there was a set of fine furniture in the room , and a comfortable bed .
William Adolphus had followed me in and his paws left marks everywhere he walked .
Alexander Abraham glared at me .
since I can't , it simply has to be cleaned .
Alexander Abraham went .
I cleared that kitchen and the pantry adjoining .
I locked Mr Riley in one room and William Adolphus in another and went to bed , too .
I had never felt so dead tired in my life before .
it had been a hard day .
I am noted for doing things thoroughly .
altogether , I was more comfortable than I had expected to be .
we had one or two real interesting conversations .
Alexander Abraham was an intelligent man , though he had got terribly warped .
I told him once I thought he must have been nice when he was a boy .
Alexander Abraham growled again .
the prospect didn't seem to cheer him up as much as I should have expected .
then he did an amazing thing .
he poured some cream into a saucer and set it down before William Adolphus .
William Adolphus lapped it up , keeping one eye on Alexander Abraham lest the latter should change his mind .
not to be outdone , I handed Mr Riley a bone .
neither Alexander Abraham nor I had worried much about the smallpox .
we didn't believe he would take it , for he hadn't even seen the girl who was sick .
but the very next morning I heard him calling me from the upstairs landing .
I didn't feel as much scared as I should have expected .
I went to the window and called to Thomas Wright to send for the doctor .
the doctor came down from Alexander Abraham 's room looking grave .
it is very unfortunate .
I am afraid that it will be difficult to get a nurse .
however , I 'll go into town to-night and do my best .
there was a lemon cream I thought he could eat even if he had the smallpox .
Alexander Abraham need not have worried about another woman coming in .
the doctor came back that night with care on his brow .
I am noted for that .
I nursed Alexander Abraham through the smallpox , and I didn't mind it much .
below stairs I reigned supreme and Mr Riley and William Adolphus lay down together like the lion and the lamb .
it was nicer than I thought it would be .
I just laughed at him , having found out that that could be depended on to irritate him .
what they want is bones .
Alexander Abraham looked foolish .
he hadn't thought I knew that .
I didn't take the smallpox and in another week the doctor came out and sent the policeman home .
the cats hardly knew me , and William Adolphus roamed about forlornly and appeared to feel like an exile .
the sight of a bone made me think of poor Mr Riley .
I had existed like this for a fortnight when Alexander Abraham suddenly appeared .
but William Adolphus knew him .
I shall never call you Peter .
Angelina just suits you exactly ; and Angelina Bennett would suit you still better .
you must come back , Angelina .
Alexander Abraham sighed .
I said tartly , just to be consistent .
for I wasn't feeling tart .
Pa Sloane 's Purchase
well , I noticed the kerosene demijohn wasn't very hefty the last time I filled the can .
lest Pa should see it , and feel encouraged thereby , she looked immovably at her plate .
Pa Sloane sighed .
his invention was giving out .
she wondered if this third failure would squelch Pa .
but Pa was not to be squelched .
you want to get away to the Garland auction .
a man of fifty-five ought to have grown out of such a hankering .
I know I can't stop you from going .
I might as well try to stop the wind from blowing .
but I shall go , too , out of self-defence .
Pa Sloane sighed again .
it was not exhilarating to attend an auction with Ma
she would never let him bid on anything .
Pa Sloane 's dissipation was going to auctions and buying things that nobody else would buy .
Ma Sloane 's patient endeavours of over thirty years had been able to effect only a partial reform .
to add insult to injury this was the second dasher churn Pa had bought at auction .
that settled it .
but first she admonished Pa .
Pa heard and promised to heed , with every intention of keeping his promise .
then he drove away joyfully .
on any other occasion Ma would have been a welcome companion .
but she certainly spoiled the flavour of an auction .
the auction had evidently begun ; so , not to miss any more of it , Pa hurried down .
Horace Garland and his wife had been poor .
the house had been a rented one .
still , it was a very tame affair .
Horace had no relatives that anybody ever heard of .
I 've got eight myself , or I 'd think about it .
a laugh went through the crowd .
the sale had been a dull affair , and they were ready for some fun .
the joke found favour and the call was repeated hilariously .
the baby had a mop of yellow curls , and a pink and white face , and big blue eyes .
he laughed out at the men before him and waved his hands in delight .
Pa Sloane thought he had never seen so pretty a baby .
who bids ?
did I hear anyone mean enough to bid a dollar ?
the crowd laughed again .
everybody looked at him .
he was well-to-do , and his only son was grown up and married .
John Clarke lived at White Sands and he and his wife were childless .
that bid of John Clarke 's was Pa 's undoing .
at the last auction he had outbid Pa in everything , not having the fear of his wife before his eyes .
Pa Sloane came , or was pushed , forward .
the auctioneer looked doubtfully at the money which Pa laid mutely down .
her face , when she saw the baby , expressed the last degree of amazement .
then he waited for the explosion .
none came .
this last exploit of Pa 's was too much for Ma .
Pa explained .
Ma listened in grim silence until he had finished .
and he didn't .
I brought up one boy and that 's enough .
I never was much struck on children as children , anyhow .
you say that Mary Garland had a brother out in Manitoba ?
Pa , quite crushed by Ma 's sarcasm , pulled his chair in to supper .
Ma picked up the baby and sat down at the head of the table .
Little Teddy laughed and pinched her face Ma 's face !
but then , the woman who once learns the mother knack never forgets it .
after tea Ma despatched Pa over to William Alexander 's to borrow a high chair .
then she undressed the baby and rocked him to sleep , crooning an old lullaby over him .
Ma was not driven to advertising for Mrs Garland 's brother .
the letter was referred to Ma and Ma answered it .
they were having a royal good time together .
Pa had always been dreadfully foolish about babies .
he looked ten years younger .
a prompt answer came to her letter .
but he could not come after him .
Josiah Spencer , of White Sands , was going out to Manitoba in the spring .
perhaps they would see a chance sooner .
the winter passed by .
Little Teddy grew and throve , and Pa Sloane worshipped him .
Ma was very good to him , too , and Teddy was just as fond of her as of Pa
nevertheless , as the spring drew near , Pa became depressed .
sometimes he sighed heavily , especially when he heard casual references to the Josiah Spencer emigration .
one warm afternoon in early May Josiah Spencer arrived .
Ma transfixed him with her eye .
unhappy Pa sat .
we bought him , and we paid for him .
a bargain is a bargain .
when I pay cash down for babies , I propose to get my money 's worth .
we are going to keep this baby in spite of any number of uncles in Manitoba .
but , no , Josiah would not stay .
he was thankful to make his escape with such rags of self-respect as remained to him .
Pa Sloane arose and came around to Ma 's chair .
he laid a trembling hand on her shoulder .
x . the Courting of Prissy Strong
Thomas chuckled again .
he stepped up to Prissy Strong and walked off with her .
I just held up my hands .
then I laughed .
he detested Emmeline Strong , and always did .
Thomas said that I was probably right .
twenty years ago Stephen Clark had tried to go with Prissy Strong .
that was pretty soon after Prissy 's father had died .
she and Emmeline were living alone together .
she simply ruled poor Prissy with a rod of iron .
Prissy herself was a pretty girl at least most people thought so .
I can't honestly say I ever admired her style much myself .
I like something with more vim and snap to it .
I always liked Prissy , even if I didn't admire her looks as much as some people did .
anyway , it was plain her style suited Stephen Clark .
he began to drive her , and there wasn't a speck of doubt that Prissy liked him .
then Emmeline just put a stopper on the affair .
it was pure cantankerousness in her .
Stephen was a good match and nothing could be said against him .
but Emmeline was just determined that Prissy shouldn't marry .
of course , if Prissy had had a spark of spirit she wouldn't have given in .
there wasn't anything strong about her .
Stephen just turned on his heel and went .
he was a high-spirited fellow and I knew he would never overlook a public slight like that .
in real life things are often like that .
nobody ever tried to go with Prissy again .
I suppose they were afraid of Emmeline .
Prissy 's beauty soon faded .
she wouldn't have dared put on her second best dress without asking Emmeline 's permission .
she was real fond of cats and Emmeline wouldn't let her keep one .
it used to make me furious to see it all .
and now Stephen was going to try his luck again .
it certainly did seem funny .
Stephen walked home with Prissy from prayer meeting four nights before Emmeline found it out .
Emmeline hadn't been going to prayer meeting all that summer because she was mad at Mr Leonard .
the upshot of my meditations was that I asked Stephen down to dinner with us from church one day .
Stephen came .
he seemed dull and moody , and not much inclined to talk .
after dinner I gave Thomas a hint .
I said ,
Thomas shrugged his shoulders and went .
he probably thought I was brewing up lots of trouble for myself , but he didn't say anything .
Stephen wasn't the confidential kind .
he told me the whole story .
Prissy had written him a letter he fished it out of his pocket and gave it to me to read .
not much wonder the poor man went to see Lizzie Pye !
I didn't think it would be hard to do ; and it wasn't .
I went over the very next day because I saw Emmeline driving off to the store .
I found Prissy alone , sewing carpet rags .
Prissy was crying when I went in , and in a few minutes I had the whole story .
Prissy wanted to get married and she wanted to get married to Stephen and Emmeline wouldn't let her .
it was a long way to come for a hoe .
Stephen thought he could .
the chance didn't come for a whole fortnight .
then , one evening , I saw Emmeline striding over the field below our house .
as soon as she was out of sight I ran through the birch grove to Prissy .
but do you think Thomas would do it ?
he said he owed something to his position as elder in the church .
in the end I had to do it myself , though I don't like climbing ladders .
I tied Thomas ' long red woollen scarf to the ventilator , and prayed that Stephen would see it .
he was all spruced up , and as nervous and excited as a schoolboy .
I just flew down those garret stairs and out through the birches .
I burst into the Strong kitchen , where Stephen and Prissy were sitting as cozy as you please .
Prissy looked out of the window and wrung her hands .
the minute she clapped eyes on Prissy she suspected something .
she was all in a quiver of excitement , and looked ten years younger .
it was fortunate I had come , for he didn't know we had gone .
he was a sight with cobwebs .
Emmeline began to rage at Prissy the moment they were outside my door .
then Stephen came in and we talked things over .
Prissy had promised to marry him , and all that remained was to get the ceremony performed .
I know Emmeline Strong .
and I know Prissy .
she 's too much in the habit of obeying Emmeline .
Stephen looked as if he thought that wouldn't be any drawback .
gossip said that Althea had been pretty bossy .
I don't know .
maybe it was so .
but Emmeline was a match for us all .
she never let Prissy out of her sight .
everywhere she went she toted Prissy , too .
when a month had gone by , I was almost in despair .
I could hardly believe my eyes when I saw Emmeline driving away one day alone .
they were visiting me that afternoon .
I wasn't disappointed in her .
I considered her a beauty , though some people couldn't see it .
as for her laugh , it made me feel young again to hear it .
so nothing would do them but they must go over with me .
the appearance of the house amazed me .
I knocked and knocked , but there was no answer .
then I walked around the house to the only window that hadn't shutters a tiny one upstairs .
I knew it was the window in the closet off the room where the girls slept .
I stopped under it and called Prissy .
before long Prissy came and opened it .
she was so pale and woe-begone looking that I pitied her with all my heart .
I asked .
she had never had anything a body ought to have .
I was posed .
but Anne Shirley said she 'd put it up for me , and she did .
Stephen wasn't long in getting there and he brought the minister with him .
I agreed with him .
Mr Leonard agreed that they could .
I shall never forget the look of Prissy .
besides , she was almost frightened to death .
Mr Leonard stood at the foot of the ladder and married them .
she knew perfectly well what had happened when she saw the minister with his blue book in his hand .
she marched to the front door , unlocked it , and strode upstairs .
as it was , she walked her downstairs by the arm and actually flung her at Stephen .
then she turned to me and Thomas .
the girls didn't escape .
finally she finished up with the minister .
her tone and look said a hundred other things .
she whirled into the house and slammed the door .
I suppose two old maids don't know much about bringing up a boy properly .
Salome , in spite of her thirty-five years , looked almost girlish .
Judith Marsh was tall and dark , with a plain , tragic face and iron-gray hair .
her eyes were black and sombre , and every feature bespoke unyielding will and determination .
Salome 's heart was not proof against tears , as Lionel Hezekiah very well knew .
she put her arm about the sobbing culprit , and drew him to her side .
Lionel Hezekiah went up-stairs , and went to bed at once .
he was never sulky or disobedient .
I never saw anything like him for originating ideas of mischief .
just look at what he has done in the past fortnight in one fortnight , Salome .
she thought Judith was in earnest about the tethering .
Judith was generally so terribly in earnest in all she said .
Judith stood Salome 's crutch up beside her , and departed to purify the henhouse door .
Salome had not been up-stairs for fifteen years .
besides , of course he must be punished ; he had been very naughty .
I suppose he has cried himself to sleep , poor , dear baby .
I wish Judith didn't hate ministers so .
I can never believe that Judith and father were right ; I am sure they were not .
there is a God , and I 'm afraid it 's terribly wicked not to go to church .
Judith always gave Salome her own way except on one point .
so Lionel Hezekiah came into Judith 's home and Salome 's heart .
possibly it was just as well , for Salome might otherwise have ruined him with indulgence .
Judith found her there when she came in , severe and triumphant , from her bout with the henhouse door .
her face softened into marvelous tenderness as she looked at Salome .
Judith 's eyes were bitter and vindictive .
then he broke out in a new place .
one afternoon he came in sobbing , with his golden curls full of burrs .
Judith was not in , but Salome dropped her crochet-work and gazed at him in dismay .
neither Salome nor Lionel Hezekiah ever forgot the harrowing hour that followed .
it would be impossible to decide which of them suffered more in the process .
Lionel Hezekiah frowned reflectively .
Salome started as if an electric shock had passed through her frail body .
perhaps you can go .
Teddy Markham says she doesn't .
I 'm glad I 'm a man .
look at Abel Blair , what splendid times he has on Sundays .
he never goes to church , but he goes fishing , and has cock-fights , and gets drunk .
Salome listened in agony .
oh ! was it too late to undo the evil ?
when Judith returned , Salome blurted out the whole story .
Judith 's face hardened until it was as if cut in stone .
you know he hated churches and churchgoing .
she half expected to see her sister struck dead at her feet .
she felt that she could not , dare not , stand out against Judith .
she struck her thin , bleached little hands wildly together .
Salome dissolved into her ready tears , and cried most of the night .
but her resolution did not fail .
after breakfast , she limped painfully into her room , and still more painfully dressed herself .
when she was ready , she took a little old worn Bible out of her box .
when she limped out into the kitchen , Judith looked up with a hard face .
Salome , strung up to the last pitch of nervous tension , felt intuitively the significance of that closed door .
for a moment she wavered oh , she could not go against Judith !
Salome shook her head .
your Aunt Judith wouldn't like it .
perhaps she will let you go after a while .
Salome limped out of the yard and down the lane bordered by its asters and goldenrod .
she laid her crutch on the seat , and sank into the corner by the window with a sigh of relief .
she had elected to come early so that she might get there before the rest of the people .
the big building , shadowy from the great elms around it , was very still .
in front of the pulpit was a stand bearing tall white geraniums in luxuriant blossom .
the light fell through the stained-glass window in a soft tangle of hues upon the floor .
Even Judith 's anger lost its importance .
her tall , dark , reserved father never came .
but he had not been wicked ; he had been good and kind in his own odd way .
Judith Marsh loved her little sister with an intensity that was maternal .
she would have a vicarious youth in Salome 's .
all went according to Judith 's planning until Salome was eighteen , and then trouble after trouble came .
everything possible was done for her .
one and all , the great doctors failed .
when the people began to come in , Salome felt painfully the curious glances directed at her .
she could see her home and its back yard plainly , with Lionel Hezekiah making mud-pies joyfully in the corner .
presently she saw Judith come out of the house and stride away to the pine wood behind it .
Salome could see the sunlight shining on Lionel Hezekiah 's bare head as he mixed his pies .
in the pleasure of watching him she forgot where she was and the curious eyes turned on her .
Salome clasped her hands in agony .
oh ! why had Judith gone away and left him alone ?
when they got out , Salome was already half-way up her lane , running wildly .
in her heart was room for but one agonized thought .
would Lionel Hezekiah be drowned before she reached him ?
but Salome saw nobody .
he was looking rather dazed and bewildered , but was apparently quite uninjured .
Judith was the first to speak .
she pushed through the crowd to Salome .
Salome came to herself at the question .
she turned pale , swayed , and would have fallen if Judith had not caught her .
old Dr Blair came forward briskly .
most of the people obediently returned to the church , their sudden loosened tongues clattering in voluble excitement .
Salome faltered out her story , and her hearers listened with varying emotions .
Dr Blair shrugged his shoulders .
that paralysis was overcome by the force of a strong and instinctive effort .
Salome obeyed .
the doctor nodded his satisfaction .
Judith Marsh turned to him .
she had not spoken a word since her question concerning Salome 's crutch .
the old doctor shrugged his shoulders again .
being a wise man , he knew when to hold his tongue .
she 's worn out .
she wore her best hat and dress , and she held Lionel Hezekiah by the hand .
no , nothing is much changed .
twenty years ago I thought anybody who was thirty-eight was a perfect female Methuselah .
and now I feel so horribly , ridiculously young , Louisa .
Nancy shook her head .
I don't want to be married .
well , that is precisely my opinion .
I 'd like to be a widow .
I could eat my cake and have it , too .
look , the sun is just setting .
Louisa threw a sudden interested glance at the apparently placid Nancy .
perhaps the exertion of leaning over to do it flushed her face .
all the instinct of the matchmaker flamed up in her .
he 's only forty-three .
there was laughter in her eyes .
he is gray and kind of tired-looking .
he hasn't had a housekeeper for two years not since his old aunt died .
he just lives there alone and cooks his own meals .
Nancy looked up at the white house on the hill again .
I wouldn't mind his bad grammar now .
it stands a woman in better stead than beauty or brains . I used to notice Peter 's mistakes .
Peter didn't like being reformed the Wrights always had a fairly good opinion of themselves , you know .
it was really over a question of syntax we quarrelled .
now , Louisa , I see the beginning of the plot far down in those placid eyes of yours .
strangle it at birth , dear Louisa .
Nancy 's power of thought-reading struck her as uncanny .
this had been her home in girlhood .
Nancy stayed on with them , expecting soon to go to a home of her own .
she and Peter Wright were engaged .
of the results they were not ignorant .
Nancy promptly packed up and left Avonlea seven hundred miles behind her .
she went to a hospital in Montreal and studied nursing .
in the twenty years that followed she had never even revisited Avonlea .
she had not thought about Peter .
she supposed that she had forgotten him .
he can afford it ; the place looks prosperous .
well , I 'm not going to moon out here in the dew any longer .
in the week that followed Nancy enjoyed herself after her own fashion .
she read and swung in the garden , having a hammock hung under the firs .
she went far afield , in rambles to woods and lonely uplands .
it 's far worse to feel middle-aged than old , you know .
away there in the woods I feel as eternally young as Nature herself .
I 'm not even going to church again .
it was horrible there yesterday .
she had been bursting to ask it .
Nancy nodded .
he sat right across from me in the corner pew .
I didn't think him painfully changed .
Iron-gray hair becomes him .
but I was horribly disappointed in myself .
it wasn't my fault .
Louisa wanted to know .
that was just a mood .
well , I 'm going picking strawberries this afternoon , Lou .
Nancy wandered far and wide in her rambles that afternoon .
when she had filled her jug she still roamed about with delicious aimlessness .
once she found herself in a wood lane skirting a field wherein a man was mowing hay .
the man was Peter Wright .
her calculations proved correct , with a trifling variation .
passing the house the house where she had once dreamed of reigning as mistress Nancy 's curiosity overcame her .
the place was not in view of any other near house .
the kitchen was certainly pitiful in its disorder .
the floor had apparently not been swept for a fortnight .
is it any wonder that Peter has got gray ?
an idea suddenly darted into Nancy 's brain .
at first she looked aghast .
then she laughed and glanced at her watch .
it 's half-past two , and Peter won't be home till four at the earliest .
I 'll have a good hour to do it in , and still make my escape in good time .
Nancy went in , threw off her hat , and seized a broom .
then she kindled a fire , put a kettle full of water on to heat , and attacked the dishes .
from the number of them she rightly concluded that Peter hadn't washed any for at least a week .
evidently Peter hadn't any .
as she worked , she hummed a song ; her steps were light and her eyes bright with excitement .
Nancy was enjoying herself thoroughly , there was no doubt of that .
the spice of mischief in the adventure pleased her mightily .
the tea was made and set back to keep warm .
Nancy Rogerson , don't be asking yourself conundrums .
Nancy paused a moment and looked around wistfully .
she had made the place look cheery and neat and homelike .
she felt that queer tugging at her heart-strings again .
suppose she belonged here , and was waiting for Peter to come home to tea .
suppose Nancy whirled around with a sudden horrible prescience of what she was going to see !
Peter Wright was standing in the doorway .
nancy 's face went crimson .
Peter looked at her and then at the table , with its fruit and flowers .
Nancy recovered herself .
with a shame-faced laugh , she held out her hand .
the crimson flamed over Nancy 's face again .
she pulled her hand away .
Peter suddenly laughed .
there was a note of boyishness in the laughter .
it 's all gone now , and I 'll be as amiable as I know how .
Nancy stayed .
she sat at the head of Peter 's table and poured his tea for him .
she talked to him wittily of the Avonlea people and the changes in their old set .
sentiment and humour had always waged an equal contest in Nancy 's nature .
when Peter had finished his strawberries he folded his arms on the table and looked admiringly at Nancy .
I was a tetchy fool .
worse mistakes , Nancy .
Peter stood up , knocking over his chair , and strode around the table to her .
End of Project Gutenberg 's Chronicles of Avonlea , by Lucy Maud Montgomery
what is the charm , Richard ?
Richard Trevlyn looked up with a smile and threw by the book , as if annoyed at being discovered reading it .
I wish it was not .
but lately you look worried ; what is it ?
she said nothing , and lay motionless for several minutes evidently struggling with some strong impulse .
a murmur of voices met her ear .
she started , shrank , and shivered , bending lower with set teeth , white cheeks , and panic-stricken heart .
at the door of the library she paused .
Hester repeated her words , but Sir Richard never stirred .
much alarmed , the woman raised his head , saw that he was unconscious , and rang for help .
but Richard Trevlyn was past help , though he lingered for some hours .
on the third day she rallied wonderfully , and some purpose seemed to gift her with unnatural strength .
five minutes had not elapsed when she reappeared with no sign of grief on her rigid face .
for a year Lady Trevlyn 's reason was in danger .
she seemed to have forgotten everything , even the shock which had so sorely stricken her .
and Lillian , as willful as winsome , vanished among the tall ferns where deer couched and rabbits hid .
there 's a man there , a dead man .
he 's a pretty boy , isn't he ?
see what nice hands he 's got , and his hair is more curly than mine .
the bearer of this , Paul Jex , has been with me some months and has served me well .
hoping you may be able to give him shelter , I venture to send him .
he is honest , capable , and trustworthy in all respects .
I like him very much , and I hope you 'll let him train my pony for me .
he 's no clodhopper 's son , I can tell by his hands and feet , his air and walk .
Hester , take him to Parks and see that he is made comfortable .
tomorrow we will see what he can do .
as she spoke , Lady Trevlyn dismissed the boy with a gracious gesture and led her little daughter away .
that 's friendly , and I 'll prove that I am grateful .
and the boy nodded with a smile of mischievous significance as he entered the keeper 's lodge .
this sad story touched the woman 's heart , and the boy 's manly spirit won respect .
she had lost a son years ago , and her empty heart yearned over the motherless lad .
Lady Trevlyn saw and answered the look with a gracious smile .
now let me say what I called you in for .
and with a smile Lady Trevlyn left him to begin his work .
the moment the door closed behind her a total change passed over Paul .
a strange story , lad .
I was ordered to exercise your pony and I made him useful as well .
would you like to try this ?
Lillian was charmed , and for several days wax modeling was her favorite play .
I hope I don't disturb you .
I 'll step to Paul .
he 's not asleep , I dare say .
the bed was empty .
without a pause he flung it off , laid himself in bed , and seemed to sleep at once .
and he sat up , looking drowsily about him .
if it had been any of those silly girls , the house would have been roused by this time .
I walk in my sleep sometimes , Hester , that 's the truth .
don't be troubled .
I never do any mischief or come to any harm .
I just take a quiet promenade and march back to bed again .
he held out his hand with the look that was irresistible to Hester .
and Paul looked up at the blooming little face with unusual softness in his keen blue eyes .
I shan't be in my teens till autumn .
and the child held out her hand with a cordial look and gesture that touched the boy .
let me see it .
but he was mistaken .
both were silent for a moment , Paul looking down and Lillian busy with her nosegay .
do you know I offended her dreadfully by peeping into the gold case she wears on her neck ?
she was asleep and I was sitting by her .
in her sleep she pulled it out and said something about a letter and Papa .
as she did so , the change in his face struck her .
I wish he 'd tell me and let me help him if I can .
time must help me , and to time I must leave my work .
she kept the key herself and neither she nor Hester had been there that day .
obeying a sudden impulse , my lady sprang forward and tried to open the door .
nothing appeared , not even a mouse , and Hester turned to my lady with an air of relief .
he walks in his sleep sometimes , and I was afraid he 'd startle my lady .
let him sleep ; this would only excite him and set him to marching again .
no tidings of him had ever come , and no trace of him was found after his flight .
and Lillian 's listless face kindled at the recollection .
Young Talbot served in the war , and then came to England to take possession of his property .
Mamma heard a deal about him from Mrs Langdon , who knew old Talbot and has seen the young man .
here Maud was forced to stop for breath , and Lillian had a chance to question her .
he is very indifferent on such things and seems intent on his own affairs .
she recognized him instantly , in spite of increased height , a dark moustache , and martial bearing .
leaving her nook , she joined a group of young friends and held herself prepared for the meeting .
presently she saw Maud and Mrs Langdon approaching , evidently intent on presenting the hero to the heiress .
and Lillian 's tone was both cold and proud .
to her surprise Lillian complied , and allowed Talbot to lead her to the instrument .
provoking boy ! why won't he know me ? thought Lillian .
and her tone was almost petulant as she refused to sing again .
well , she would stand the test and enjoy the joke by-and-by .
it 's very odd , isn't it ?
your mother beckons to me , so I know Hester has come .
and with this tantalizing adieu , Lillian slipped away .
and Lillian went to bed to dream of her hero .
and Lillian rode home at a pace which caused the stout groom great distress .
both married Englishmen , both died young , leaving us to care for each other .
we were like a brother and sister , and always together till I left her to serve Colonel Daventry .
and Lady Trevlyn regarded him with a gleam of womanly curiosity in her melancholy eyes .
she is still too much a stranger here to enjoy new faces , even kind ones .
again Lillian detected the secret disquiet which possessed him , and her curiosity was roused .
that 's not natural in a pretty girl .
that 's provoking , and I won't hear it .
Helen was there , and with eager eyes the girl scrutinized her .
but as the first effect of her beauty passed away , Lillian found something peculiar about her .
and his voice deepened with indignant pain .
I shall never dare to see Helen .
this is a talisman , and tomorrow I will tell you the legend concerning it .
we must risk everything and abide the consequences now .
and the young man 's eye kindled as if he felt a crisis at hand .
will you step in and read the note at your ease .
leading the way to Lillian 's boudoir , the man presented the note and retired .
tender little heart !
he sat looking about the dainty room still full of tokens of her presence .
he arose but lingered near the table , as if longing to search for some forgotten hint of himself .
and snatching up the glove , Paul departed .
and rising , she stretched her hand to him with a proud expression , contrasting painfully with her helpless gesture .
I am tired of disguise .
I am a burden , but I cannot live without you , for you are my world .
she groped her way to him and clung to his strong arm as if it was her only stay .
let us bury the old feud , and right the old wrong in a new way .
something in her words seemed to sting or wound him .
I 'm worried about other things .
tell me , child , what things ?
have you seen any one ?
my lady spoke with sudden energy and rose on her arm , eyeing the girl with unmistakable suspicion and excitement .
and my lady sank back as if a load was off her mind .
he is not a mate for you , Lillian .
oh , Mamma , he loves Helen , and will marry her although she is blind .
I do love Paul , but I can conquer it , and I will .
I feared it was some new terror like the old one .
I forgave you long ago , and surely I have expiated my innocent offense by these years of suffering !
for her sake I did it , and for her sake I still keep dumb .
half an hour later , Paul stood at the hall door .
here stood the tomb of the Trevlyns , and here the figure paused .
Lillian stood beside her and saw the line .
I cannot see him yet .
a mistaken sense of duty guided me , and I obeyed it blindly .
he went alone , promising to send for the wife when all was ready .
he told no one of his marriage , meaning to surprise his English friends by producing the lovely woman unexpectedly .
Accident threw in his way another lovely woman , and he married again .
we can imagine the grief and horror of the unhappy man .
I never could forget that , nor tie many kindnesses bestowed upon the friendless boy .
and her eye glanced wildly about the room , as if she feared to see some spectral accuser .
last night I came to speak of this .
I divined the truth .
I am Sir Richard 's eldest daughter .
I only want my father 's name .
Title and fortune are nothing to one like me .
you chose to claim your own , although I offered all I had to buy your silence .
I am tired of pity .
power is sweet , and I will use it .
and Paul 's face shone with a love and loyalty they could not doubt .
come , both .
we both had one father , and should love each other in spite of this misfortune .
I , too , can forgive .
I bury the sad past .
CHAPTER I : Blacky The Crow Makes A Discovery
Blacky the Crow is always watching for things not intended for his sharp eyes .
the result is that he gets into no end of trouble which he could avoid .
in this respect he is just like his cousin , Sammy Jay .
presently he saw ahead of him the old nest of Red-tail .
he knew all about that nest .
he had visited it before when Red-tail was away .
still it might be worth another visit .
you never can tell what you may find in old houses .
right away he saw something that made him gasp and blink his eyes .
do you wonder that Blacky gasped and blinked ?
Blacky flew over to a tall pine-tree to think it over .
you know Blacky has a weakness for eggs .
the more he thought about it , the hungrier he grew .
suddenly Blacky shook himself .
so he flew away , but he couldn't forget it .
CHAPTER II : Blacky Makes Sure
Sammy looked at him sharply .
foolishness is no name for it .
it isn't egg time yet , and it won't be for a long time .
take my advice and just forget about impossible things .
I 'm going over to Farmer Brown 's corncrib .
he watched Sammy disappear through the trees .
then he flew to the top of the tallest pine-tree to make sure that no one was about .
as he passed over the top of the tree , he looked down eagerly .
that settled it in Blacky 's mind ; they were eggs !
they couldn't be anything else .
Blacky kept right on flying .
somehow he didn't dare stop just then .
he was too much excited by what he had discovered to think clearly .
he had got to have time to get his wits together .
whoever had laid those eggs was big and strong .
he felt sure of that .
it 's too much for me .
CHAPTER III : Blacky Finds Out Who Owns The Eggs
two big white eggs in a tumbledown nest , and snow and ice everywhere !
whoever laid them must be crazy to start housekeeping at this time of year .
to have seen him , you would never have guessed that he was looking for anything in particular .
he seemed to be just flying over on his way to some distant place .
would those two big white eggs be there ?
perhaps there would be three !
the very thought made him flap his wings a little faster .
a few more wing strokes and he would be right over the tree .
he could almost see into the nest now .
there were no eggs to be seen .
no , Sir , there wasn't a sign of eggs in that old nest .
Blacky didn't turn to come back as he had planned .
and that was Mrs Hooty I saw on the nest just now .
my , but she 's big !
she 's bigger than Hooty himself !
yes , Sir , it 's a lucky thing I didn't try to get those eggs yesterday .
some things are best forgotten As soon as they are learned .
CHAPTER IV : the Cunning Of Blacky
that was a very wise resolution .
no one knows it better .
and Blacky is not one to poke his head into trouble with his eyes open .
so he very wisely resolved to forget all about those eggs .
he just couldn't seem to forget them .
after a little , he didn't try .
he is one of the smartest of all the little people who fly .
no one can get into more mischief and still keep out of trouble than can Blacky the Crow .
that is because he uses the wits in that black head of his .
that won't do at all , because I want them myself .
then he chuckled .
no one had , so he chuckled again .
then he cocked his head on the other side and did the same thing .
it won't hurt Hooty or Mrs Hooty a bit , but it will make them very angry .
they have very short tempers , and people with short tempers usually forget everything else when they are angry .
then I 'll slip in and get one and perhaps both of them .
CHAPTER V : Blacky Calls His Friends
caw , caw , caw !
hurry up and flap your wings faster .
lead us to him .
Blacky had taken pains to slip over early that morning and make sure just where he was .
even Blacky had to blink , and he knew that poor Hooty would find it harder still .
of course , he had heard the noisy crew coming , and he knew well enough what to expect .
so far Blacky 's plans were working out just as he had hoped .
CHAPTER VI : Hooty The Owl Doesn't Stay Still
no , in the night Blacky was not at all sure that Hooty was stupid .
but in the daytime he was sure .
but Hooty isn't stupid .
I must lead these black rascals away where they won't discover Mrs Hooty .
so he spread his broad wings and blundered away among the trees a little way .
there he rested a few minutes and then did the same thing over again .
no , Hooty wasn't stupid .
Blacky could imagine that she was smiling to herself .
it was clear that she had no intention of going to help Hooty .
CHAPTER VII : Blacky Tries Another Plan
when one plan fails , just try another ; Declare you 'll win some way or other .
now Blacky the Crow knows all about the value of trying and trying .
he isn't easily discouraged .
sometimes it is a pity that he isn't , because he plans so much mischief .
he felt sure that Mrs Hooty would leave her nest and help Hooty try to drive away his tormentors .
not one of his relatives had noticed that nest .
this was just as Blacky had hoped .
he would try it .
then he opened his mouth .
come back , everybody !
here is Mrs Hooty on her nest !
they didn't like the dark part of the Green Forest into which Hooty was leading them .
besides , they wanted to see that nest .
some of them never had seen a nest of Hooty 's .
and he looked at Blacky as if he thought Blacky was playing a joke on them .
such a racket !
he had hope , a great hope , that he would get one of those eggs .
a lot of people think they can , but they are very much mistaken .
they are making one of the greatest mistakes in the world .
every teeny , weeny act , no matter what it is , affects somebody else .
but he didn't .
no , Sir , he didn't .
at first he gave a great sigh of relief and settled himself as if he meant to stay .
he listened to the voices of those noisy Crows growing fainter and fainter and was glad .
but it was only for a few minutes .
presently those voices stopped growing fainter .
they grew more excited-sounding than ever , and they came right from one place .
I hate to go back there in that bright sunshine .
Mrs Hooty needs my help .
he didn't finish .
instead , he spread his broad wings and flew back towards the nest and Mrs Hooty .
all this time the Crows were having what they called fun with Mrs Hooty .
besides , there were those black tail feathers floating down to the snow-covered ground .
Blacky was the last to go , and his heart was sorrowful .
however could he get those eggs ?
CHAPTER IX : Blacky Thinks Of Farmer Brown 's Boy
that is to say , none of my relatives can .
I 've tried every way I can think of , and those eggs are still there .
of course , that was absolute foolishness , but he made himself believe it just the same .
this is often the way with people who try to wrong others .
they grow angry with the ones they have tried to wrong .
it was right then that he thought of Farmer Brown 's boy .
Blacky 's eyes snapped .
he remembered how , once upon a time , Farmer Brown 's boy had delighted to rob nests .
Blacky had seen him take the eggs from the nests of Blacky 's own relatives and from many other feathered people .
Just now he didn't care .
he would feel that he was even with Hooty .
I am afraid that Blacky 's heart was as black as his coat .
and the worst of it was , he seemed to get a lot of pleasure in his wicked plans .
he is big and fierce , and no one loves him .
CHAPTER X : Farmer Brown 's Boy And Hooty
Farmer Brown 's boy had taken it into his head to visit the Green Forest .
Blacky the Crow saw him coming , and Blacky chuckled to himself .
now he would tell Farmer Brown 's boy about that nest of Hooty the Owl .
they knew that he was tormenting Hooty , and they wanted to join in the fun .
of course Farmer Brown 's boy heard it .
he stopped and listened .
Blacky was the first to see him because he was watching for him .
Blacky went with them a little way .
he walked in a circle around the tree , looking up .
suddenly he gave a little start .
was that a tail sticking over the edge of the nest ?
he found a stick and threw it up .
it was Mrs Hooty !
Blacky the Crow chuckled .
CHAPTER XI : Farmer Brown 's Boy Is Tempted
when you 're tempted to do wrong Is the time to prove you 're strong .
shut your eyes and clench each fist ; It will help you to resist .
it is a sign that that bird has set up housekeeping .
perhaps I should say that he knew what it ought to mean .
it ought to mean that there were eggs in that nest .
but it was hard for Farmer Brown 's boy to believe that .
why , spring had not come yet !
there was still snow , and the Smiling Pool was still covered with ice .
who ever heard of birds nesting at this time of year ?
it was very puzzling .
I suppose the way to find out is to climb up there .
it seems foolish , but I 'm going to do it .
he had no desire to feel these great claws .
when he had found a stick to suit him , he began to climb the tree .
Hooty and Mrs Hooty snapped their bills and hissed fiercely .
Farmer Brown 's boy kept a watchful eye on them .
he held his stick ready to strike and kept on .
the nest was simply a great platform of sticks .
it was an egg , a great big egg !
there was no doubt about it .
Farmer Brown 's boy 's fingers closed over that egg and took it out of the nest .
then Farmer Brown 's boy looked at the prize in his hand .
it was a big , dirty-white egg .
his eyes shone .
what a splendid prize to add to his collection of birds ' eggs !
he remembered that he had stopped collecting eggs .
he remembered that he had resolved never to take another bird 's egg .
CHAPTER XII : a Tree-Top Battle
a thing is wrong or it is right , and that is all there is to it .
they try to compromise .
to compromise is to do neither one thing nor the other but a little of both .
but you can't do that with right and wrong .
no , he wasn't fighting with Hooty or Mrs Hooty .
he was fighting a battle right inside himself .
it was a battle between right and wrong .
but never before had he found a nest of Hooty the Owl .
those two big eggs would add ever so much to his collection .
it is just as much stealing to take his eggs as to take the eggs of any other bird .
slowly Farmer Brown 's boy reached over the edge of the nest and put back the egg .
then he began to climb down the tree .
when he reached the ground he went off a little way and watched .
CHAPTER XIII : Blacky Has A Change Of Heart
Blacky The Crow isn't all black .
you see , it didn't seem at all wrong to try to get those eggs .
Blacky was hungry , and those eggs would have given him a good meal .
he was doing something then which was pure meanness .
he felt sure that he would take both eggs .
he hoped so , anyway .
he just couldn't believe what he saw .
at first he was dreadfully disappointed and angry .
it looked very much as if he weren't going to get even with Hooty after all .
he flew over to his favorite tree to think things over .
now sometimes it is a good thing to sit by oneself and think things over .
it gives the little small voice deep down inside a chance to be heard .
it was just that way with Blacky now .
the longer he thought , the meaner his action in calling Farmer Brown 's boy looked .
Blacky hung his head .
he knew that it was true .
at last Blacky threw up his head and chuckled , and this time his chuckle was good to hear .
I 'll never do such a thing as that again .
I 'm ashamed of what I did ; yet I 'm glad I did it .
I 'm glad because I 've learned some things .
I 've learned that Farmer Brown 's boy isn't as much to be feared as he used to be .
I 've learned that Hooty isn't as stupid as I thought he was .
and he did .
CHAPTER XIV : Blacky Makes A Call
there was no need of looking to see who that was .
just the same , both looked up .
Blacky chuckled hoarsely .
Mr Quack , you and Mrs Quack are looking very fine this fall .
Mrs Quack nodded proudly .
yes , indeed , they are a credit to their parents .
never have I seen finer young Ducks in all my life .
Mrs Quack shivered at that , and Blacky saw it .
he chuckled softly .
you know he dearly loves to make others uncomfortable .
Mrs Quack looked more anxious than ever .
Blacky 's sharp eyes noted this .
there was an anxious note in Mrs Quack 's voice .
I know .
I 've been watching him and he has been watching those hunters .
as long as you stay here , you will be safe .
Blacky nodded .
CHAPTER XV : Blacky Does A Little Looking About
Blacky the Crow is a shrewd fellow .
everybody knows it .
he had guessed what these things meant .
they may be only guessing .
he headed straight for the Green Meadows and Farmer Brown 's cornfield .
a little of that yellow corn would make a good breakfast .
the husks of this were as thick as those on the first .
he flew to another shock and found the husks there just the same .
he tried a third shock with the same result .
then he looked thoughtful and for a few minutes sat perfectly still like a black statue .
I know it myself now .
I 've found a sign .
she doesn't do things without a reason .
CHAPTER XVI : Blacky Finds Other Signs
but Blacky long ago learned that it isn't wise or wholly safe to depend altogether on one thing .
he lifted one black wing and began to set in order the feathers beneath it .
suddenly he made a funny little hop straight up .
Blacky looked down .
peeping up at him from the brown grass were two bright little eyes .
Blacky chuckled .
he knew what Danny meant .
he buried his bill in the feathers of his breast .
he has come extra early this year .
without another word Danny disappeared in the brown grass .
again Blacky chuckled .
there isn't a doubt that we are going to have a hard winter .
CHAPTER XVII : Blacky Watches A Queer Performance
Blacky the Crow may be right .
again he may not be .
if he is right , it will account for a lot of the queer people in the world .
they are not understood , and so they are queer .
he does his best to understand .
but he had learned by these experiences .
oh , yes , Blacky had learned .
for one thing , he had learned to know a gun when he saw it .
Blacky looked sharply for a terrible gun .
but the man had none with him and therefore was not to be feared .
then Blacky 's eyes stretched their widest and he almost cawed right out with surprise .
he isn't planting it , for this isn't the planting season .
besides , it wouldn't grow in the water , anyway .
it is a shame to waste nice corn like that .
Blacky flew over to a tree some distance away and alighted in the top of it to watch the queer performance .
you know Blacky has very keen eyes and he can see a long distance .
at last the man went away in a boat .
Blacky watched him until he was out of sight .
he could see some of the yellow grains on the bottom .
presently he saw something else .
CHAPTER XVIII : Blacky Becomes Very Suspicious
of things you do not understand , Beware !
they may be wholly harmless but Beware !
that is one of Blacky 's wise sayings , and he lives up to it .
what was it Blacky had discovered ?
only a few feathers .
no one with eyes less sharp than Blacky 's would have noticed them .
and few would have given them a thought if they had noticed them .
but Blacky knew right away that those were feathers from a Duck .
it is just the kind of a place Ducks like .
also some Ducks like corn .
he may come back again , and then he may have a terrible gun .
I 'm suspicious of that man .
I am so .
but it wasn't Farmer Brown 's boy .
I don't like the looks of it .
he didn't like the looks of it at all .
and still full of suspicions , Blacky went to sleep .
CHAPTER XIX : Blacky Makes More Discoveries
then he got some breakfast .
Blacky guessed why .
not a single grain of that yellow corn could Blacky see .
he knew the ways of Dusky and his relatives .
but if Blacky didn't use his tongue , he did use his eyes .
mixed in with them were a lot of the brown rushes .
he knew that they hadn't grown there .
he flew directly over them .
those logs hadn't been there when he passed that way a few days before .
he was sure of it .
it doesn't look right to me .
no , Sir , it doesn't look right to me .
so Blacky came back to the Big River several times that day .
the second time back he found that Dusky the Black Duck and his relatives had left .
and as before , he went away in a boat .
CHAPTER XX : Blacky Drops A Hint
sometimes Blacky watched from a distance , and sometimes he flew right over the man .
that man may be fooling them , but he isn't fooling me .
I feel it in my bones .
he knows those silly Ducks come in here every night for that corn he puts out .
finally Blacky decided to drop a hint to Dusky the Black Duck .
so the next morning he stopped for a call .
Dusky shook his head .
all I know is that every evening when we arrive , we find it here .
you are trying to scare us .
CHAPTER XXI : at Last Blacky Is Sure
it was late in the afternoon , and Blacky the Crow was on his way to the Green Forest .
he wasn't there .
no one was to be seen along the bank of the Big River .
it was a boat coming down the Big River .
Blacky sat still and watched .
presently the boat turned in among the rushes , and a moment later a man stepped out on the shore .
it was the same man Blacky had watched scatter corn in the rushes every day for a week .
Blacky knows a terrible gun as far as he can see it .
the hunter looked out over the Big River .
then he walked along where he had scattered corn the day before .
not a grain was to be seen .
this seemed to please him .
what terrible creatures these hunters are !
they don't know what fairness is .
no , Sir , they don't know what fairness is .
then he will fire that terrible gun and kill them without giving them any chance at all .
they might hide and try to catch some one by surprise .
oh , dear , what 's to be done ?
it is time I was getting home to the Green Forest .
yet those Ducks ought to be warned .
he wished he was in that hemlock-tree that very minute .
but instead he shivered .
CHAPTER XXII : Blacky Goes Home Happy
no greater happiness is won Than through a deed for others done .
don't waste any more time here .
is it true that it is no business of yours what happens to those Ducks ?
think again , Blacky ; think again .
it is the duty of each one who sees a common danger to warn his neighbors .
he knew what that black line was .
he looked over at the hunter hiding behind some bushes close to the edge of the water .
he , too , knew what it was .
it was a flock of Ducks flying .
and Blacky was glad .
perhaps now he could give them warning .
Blacky glanced at him and saw that he was ready to shoot .
it was his danger cry that everybody on the Green Meadows and in the Green Forest knows .
he did put up his gun and aim at them , but he didn't shoot .
you see , he didn't want to frighten them so that they would not return .
he had saved them this time , and he was so happy he didn't even notice the Black Shadows .
CHAPTER XXIII : Blacky Calls Farmer Brown 's Boy
Blacky awoke in the best of spirits .
he hates a hunter with a terrible gun , does Blacky .
for that matter , so do all the little people of the Green Forest and the Green Meadows .
so Blacky started out for his breakfast in high spirits .
if he sees me around again , he 'll try to shoot me .
I 've done all I can do .
hello , who is that ?
I do believe it is Farmer Brown 's boy .
I wish he would come over here .
if he should find out about that hunter , perhaps he would do something to drive him away .
he has led me to a lot of interesting things , one time and another .
as Farmer Brown 's boy drew near , Blacky flew down and disappeared below the bank .
Fanner Brown 's boy chuckled .
Up flew Blacky cawing wildly , and pretending to be scared half to death .
again Farmer Brown 's boy chuckled .
he knew what it was instantly .
I wonder if he has killed any yet .
a couple of grains of corn just inside the blind caught his eyes , and his face darkened .
it is bad enough to hunt them fairly , but to feed them and then kill them ugh !
CHAPTER XXIV : Farmer Brown 's Boy Does Some Thinking
Farmer Brown 's boy sat on the bank of the Big River in a brown study .
that means that he was thinking very hard .
Blacky was silent now , and there was a knowing look in his shrewd little eyes .
To-night , or some night soon , that hunter will be waiting for them .
that isn't hunting .
no , Sir , that isn't hunting .
if this land were my father 's , I would know what to do .
I would put up a sign saying that this was private property and no shooting was allowed .
but it isn't my father 's land , and that hunter has a perfect right to shoot here .
he has just as much right here as I have .
a frown puckered the freckled face of Farmer Brown 's boy .
he wouldn't know who did it .
besides , it wouldn't be right .
I won't do a thing I haven't a right to do .
that wouldn't be honest .
the frown on his freckled face grew deeper , and for a long time he sat without moving .
he began to chuckle .
then he chuckled again and started for home .
presently he began to whistle , a way he has when he is in good spirits .
Blacky the Crow watched him go , and Blacky was well satisfied .
CHAPTER XXV : Blacky Gets A Dreadful Shock
the springs of faith are turned to dust .
Blacky the Crow was in the top of his favorite tree over near the Big River early this afternoon .
for a long time he sat there , seeing nothing unusual .
at last he spied a tiny figure far away across the Green Meadows .
the tiny figure grew larger .
it was Farmer Brown 's boy beyond a doubt .
yes , Sir , Farmer Brown 's boy was carrying a terrible gun !
suddenly an idea popped into his head .
Farmer Brown 's boy reached the Big River at a point some distance below the blind built by the hunter .
he laid his gun down on the bank and went down to the edge of the water .
the rushes grew very thick there , and for a while Farmer Brown 's boy was very busy among them .
he was quite hidden there , excepting from a place high up like Blacky 's perch .
no , Sir , I wouldn't have believed it .
Farmer Brown 's boy hunting with a terrible gun !
a noise up river caught his attention .
it was the noise of oars in a boat .
there was the hunter , rowing down the Big River .
just as he had done the day before , he came ashore above his blind and walked down to it .
the hunter couldn't see him at all .
twice those big black birds circled around over the Big River opposite where the hunter was crouching behind his blind .
it was plain that Dusky , their leader , remembered Blacky 's warning the night before .
but this time there was no warning .
everything appeared safe .
the hunter crouched lower .
probably some other Ducks I didn't see came in to him .
I wonder if he got them .
the Black Shadows crept out from the farther bank of the Big River .
jolly , round red Mr Sun had gone to bed , and the first little star was twinkling high overhead .
in a few minutes those Ducks would be where he could shoot them .
that hunter stood up and said things , and they were not nice things .
and as he tramped across the Green Meadows toward home with his gun , he chuckled .
CHAPTER XXVII : the Hunter Gives Up
Blacky The Crow didn't know what to think .
with sharp eyes he looked for feathers , that would tell the tale of a Duck killed .
but there were no feathers .
there wasn't a thing to show that anything so dreadful had happened .
perhaps Farmer Brown 's boy had missed when he shot at those Ducks .
Blacky shook his head and decided to say nothing to anybody about Farmer Brown 's boy and that terrible gun .
instead of going to the same hiding place he made a new one farther down .
instead of stopping at his blind , he walked straight to the blind Farmer Brown 's boy had first made .
of course , there was no one there .
but the same thing happened as on the night before .
the next afternoon he was on hand very early .
Farmer Brown 's boy grinned .
Farmer Brown 's boy grinned more broadly than before .
the hunter lost patience .
he tried to order Farmer Brown 's boy away .
finally he gave up , and muttering angrily , he went back to his blind .
again the gun of Farmer Brown 's boy frightened away the Ducks just as they were coming in .
CHAPTER XXVIII : Blacky Has A Talk With Dusky The Black Duck
he was anxious , was Blacky .
he feared that Dusky or some of his flock had been killed , and he wanted to know .
you see , he knew that Farmer Brown 's boy had been shooting over there .
at last , early one morning , he found Dusky and his flock in the rushes and wild rice .
eagerly he counted them .
there were nine .
not one was missing .
Dusky awoke with a start .
Dusky shook his head .
so it was a hunter .
his shrewd little eyes twinkled .
it was to frighten those Ducks away so that the hunter would not have a chance to shoot them .
he wasn't shooting at anything .
he just fired in the air to scare those Ducks away .
I know it just as well as if I had seen him do it .
I 'll never doubt Farmer Brown 's boy again .
Blacky was right .
CHAPTER XXIX : Blacky Discovers An Egg
Blacky is fond of eggs , as you know .
he quite overlooks the fact that Farmer Brown 's boy feeds the biddies and takes the eggs as pay .
Blacky knows quite as well as any one what a gun looks like .
but Blacky doesn't do anything of this kind around the buildings of Farmer Brown .
first he sits in a tall tree from which he can watch Farmer Brown 's home .
it was on one of these silent visits that Blacky spied something which he couldn't forget .
it was a box just inside the henhouse door .
in the box was some hay and in that hay he was sure that he had seen an egg .
in fact , he was sure that he saw two eggs there .
she didn't seem frightened , but very proud .
the noise she was making made him nervous .
he was afraid that it would bring some one to find out what was going on .
so he spread his black wings and flew away as silently as he had come .
as he was flying away he saw those eggs .
you know Blacky 's eyes are very sharp .
from that instant Blacky the Crow began to scheme and plan to get one or both of those eggs .
CHAPTER XXX : Blacky Screws Up His Courage
this is a saying which you often hear .
it may be true sometimes , but it is very far from true at other times .
take the case of Blacky .
but do you think they were out of mind ?
in fact , those eggs were very much in Blacky 's mind .
he couldn't think of anything else .
he flew straight to a certain tall pine-tree in a lonely part of the Green Forest .
I don't like having to go inside that henhouse , even though it is barely inside the door .
I 'm suspicious of doors .
they have a way of closing most unexpectedly .
the old sinner is too fond of eggs himself .
I 've got to get one of those eggs myself .
it is the only way I can be sure of it .
they ought to be down in the cornfield pretty soon .
with them down there , I have only to watch my chance and slip in .
it won't take but a second .
nothing in this world worth having is gained without some risk .
he headed straight toward Farmer Brown 's cornfield .
he didn't have long to wait .
he looked at them sharply , and then gave a little sigh of satisfaction .
they were Farmer Brown and Farmer Brown 's boy .
presently they reached the cornfield and turned into it .
he didn't fly straight there .
oh , my , no !
Blacky is too clever to do anything like that .
he flew toward the Green Forest .
at last he could see the box with the hay in it .
he walked right up to the open door and peered inside .
there was nothing to be afraid of that he could see .
still he hesitated .
then with a hurried look in all directions , he flew up to the edge of the box .
there lay the two eggs !
CHAPTER XXXI : An Egg That Wouldn't Behave
all of which is pure nonsense .
who ever heard of an egg either behaving or misbehaving ?
it is best not to mention eggs in Blacky 's presence these days .
they are a forbidden topic when he is about .
Blacky is apt to be a little resentful at the mere mention of an egg .
well , that is the way it is with Blacky the Crow .
if he didn't know about eggs , who did ?
that is the way he would have talked before his visit to Farmer Brown 's henhouse .
but he couldn't .
one would be all that he could manage .
he must take his choice and go away while the going was good .
which should he take ?
as a matter of fact , it made all the difference in the world .
one was brown and very good to look at .
he fluttered to the ground just outside the door , and there he got a better grip .
never had Blacky felt more like cawing at the top of his lungs .
he would have liked to boast a little .
but he didn't .
he wisely held his tongue .
now at best it isn't easy to carry an egg without breaking it .
you know how very careful you have to be .
it slipped a wee bit more .
Blacky started down towards the ground .
but he wasn't quick enough .
Striped Chipmunk , watching Blacky from the old stone wall , saw something white drop from Blacky 's claws .
he saw Blacky dash after it and clutch at it only to miss it .
then the white thing struck a branch of an old apple tree , bounced off and fell to the ground .
Blacky followed it .
Striped Chipmunk stole very softly through the grass to see what Blacky was doing .
Blacky was standing close beside a white thing that looked very much like an egg .
he was looking at it with the queerest expression .
he didn't .
that egg wasn't behaving right .
it should have broken when it hit the branch of the apple tree .
certainly it should have broken when he struck it that way with his bill .
however was he to eat that egg , if he couldn't break the shell ?
Blacky didn't know .
Blacky was puzzled .
it wasn't like any egg he ever had seen or even heard of .
but how could he taste it , when he couldn't break that shell ?
he never had heard of such a shell .
in the first place , it was too near Farmer Brown 's house .
you see , he had something of a guilty conscience .
not that he felt at all a sense of having done wrong .
he wanted to get away where he could be sure of being alone .
but he is .
in fact , Blacky is quite like a little child in this matter .
anything that is bright and shiny interests Blacky right away .
Little by little he forgot that it was an egg .
he began to find pleasure in just looking at it .
it might not satisfy his stomach , but it certainly was very satisfying to his eyes .
he was glad he hadn't been able to break that shell .
he cocked his head to one side and looked at it .
he cocked his head to the other side and looked at it .
at last he picked it up and carried it to his treasure-house and covered it over very carefully .
Blacky has had very many other adventures , but it would take another book to tell about all of them .
THE TOLL-GATHERER'S DAY
a SKETCH OF TRANSITORY LIFE
if any mortal be favored with a lot analogous to this , it is the toll-gatherer .
as yet , nature is but half awake , and familiar objects appear visionary .
the morn breathes upon them and blushes , and they forget how wearily the darkness toiled away .
while the world is rousing itself , we may glance slightly at the scene of our sketch .
now the sun smiles upon the landscape , and earth smiles back again upon the sky .
frequent , now , are the travellers .
the vinegar-faced traveller proves to be a manufacturer of pickles .
he is a country preacher , going to labor at a protracted meeting .
the next object passing townward is a butcher 's cart , canopied with its arch of snow-white cotton .
but methinks her blushing cheek burns through the snowy veil .
another white-robed virgin sits in front .
may the hot sun kindle no fever in your hearts !
and now has morning gathered up her dewy pearls , and fled away .
the sun rolls blazing through the sky , and cannot find a cloud to cool his face with .
no air is stirring on the road .
nature dares draw no breath , lest she should inhale a stifling cloud of dust .
meanwhile , on both sides of the chasm , a throng of impatient travellers fret and fume .
and what are the haughtiest of us , but the ephemeral aristocrats of a summer 's day ?
what miracle shall set all things right again ?
the sage old man !
strollers come from the town to quaff the freshening breeze .
THE LITTLE WHITE BIRD
TO SYLVIA AND ARTHUR LLEWELYN DAVIES
THE GRAND TOUR OF THE GARDENS
THE THRUSH'S NEST
he was quite angry when these two ran away the moment they saw him ....v Frontispiece
in the Broad Walk you meet all the people who are worth knowing
the Hump , which is the part of the Broad Walk where all the big races are run
the Serpentine is a lovely lake , and there is a drowned forest at the bottom of it .
old Mr Salford was a crab-apple of an old gentleman who wandered all day in the Gardens
the fairies have their tiffs with the birds
when he heard Peter 's voice he popped in alarm behind a tulip
a band of workmen , who were sawing down a toadstool , rushed away , leaving their tools behind them
a hundred flew off with the string , and Peter clung to the tail
after this the birds said that they would help him no more in his mad enterprise
for years he had been quietly filling his stocking
he passed under the bridge and came within full sight of the delectable Gardens
fairies are all more or less in hiding until dusk
the fairies are exquisite dancers
these tricky fairies sometimes slyly change the board on a ball night
wallflower juice is good for reviving dancers who fall to the ground in a fit
Peter Pan is the fairies ' orchestra
one day they were overheard by a fairy
the little people weave their summer curtains from skeleton leaves
she ran to St Govor 's Well and hid
they warned her
Queen Mab , who rules in the Gardens
ILLUSTRATIONS IN THE TEXT
his oddities tickled them every day
they are so cunning
there was a good deal going on in the Baby Walk
she escorted them up the Baby Walk and back again
THE GRAND TOUR OF THE GARDENS
she then crosses with you in safety to the other side .
she was the only really celebrated Fig .
there has been a good deal of excavation going on there ever since .
he hid in the little wooden house , and refused to emerge until they brought him knickerbockers with pockets .
the Big Penny is a statue about her .
there is almost nothing that has such a keen sense of fun as a fallen leaf .
quite common children picnic here also , and the blossom falls into their mugs just the same .
but those yachts have nothing in their hold .
does any one return to this haunt of his youth because of the yachts that used to sail it ?
it is the stick-boat that is freighted with memories .
paths from everywhere crowd like children to the pond .
they are called Paths that have Made Themselves , and David did wish he could see them doing it .
one of these gypsy paths comes from the place where the sheep get their hair cut .
the Serpentine begins near here .
it is a lovely lake , and there is a drowned forest at the bottom of it .
if so , Peter Pan sees them when he is sailing across the lake in the Thrush 's Nest .
I should have had to be carrying David long ago , and resting on every seat like old Mr Salford .
the nest is very sad .
it is quite white , and the way we found it was wonderful .
he and I left the Gardens that day with our knuckles in our eyes .
still , she could hardly forget such an important thing as the goat .
therefore there was no goat when your grandmother was a little girl .
so David tells me .
well , Peter Pan got out by the window , which had no bars .
they are reputed to know a good deal .
to Peter 's bewilderment he discovered that every fairy he met fled from him .
a band of workmen , who were sawing down a toadstool , rushed away , leaving their tools behind them .
a milkmaid turned her pail upside down and hid in it .
soon the Gardens were in an uproar .
every living thing was shunning him .
not one of them wore anything .
the shock was so great that it drove away his cold .
but Peter hesitated .
you see he had lost faith .
Peter asked .
all his food was brought to him from the Gardens at Solomon 's orders by the birds .
Peter wore no nightgown now .
but the best thing Solomon had done was to teach him to have a glad heart .
the birds brought him news of how boys and girls play , and wistful tears started in Peter 's eyes .
perhaps you wonder why he did not swim across .
the reason was that he could not swim .
Peter tried it often , but always before he could kick out he sank .
once he really thought he had discovered a way of reaching the Gardens .
after this the birds said that they would help him no more in his mad enterprise .
THE THRUSH'S NEST
he was a poet ; and they are never exactly grown-up .
you can't think what a lot of babies Solomon has sent to the wrong house .
nor was this all that Peter did to gain the powerful old fellow 's good-will .
you must know that Solomon had no intention of remaining in office all his life .
when his stocking was full , Solomon calculated that he would be able to retire on a competency .
Peter now gave him a pound .
he cut it off his bank-note with a sharp stick .
you will see presently why thrushes only were invited .
Kate was her name , and all Kates are saucy .
Solomon did try another drink , and it inspired him .
after this it was most orderly .
at this the thrushes began to fidget , which made Peter tremble for his scheme .
but still , to Peter 's agony , the thrushes were sulky .
all their ordinary business fell into arrears .
you ask them .
Peter was a just master , and paid his work-people every evening .
it must have been a fine sight .
and at last , after months of labour , the boat was finished .
there are also a few feathers here and there , which came off the thrushes while they were building .
when he sails , he sits down , but he stands up to paddle .
I shall tell you presently how he got his paddle .
they are gloomy creatures , and say that cake is not what it was in their young days .
so Peter had to find out many things for himself .
also he found a balloon .
perhaps the most surprising thing he found was a perambulator .
I have promised to tell you also about his paddle .
do you pity Peter Pan for making these mistakes ?
he played without ceasing , while you often waste time by being mad-dog or Mary-Annish .
oh , he was merry !
he was as much merrier than you , for instance , as you are merrier than your father .
sometimes he fell , like a spinning-top , from sheer merriment .
have you seen a greyhound leaping the fences of the Gardens ?
that is how Peter leaps them .
it was the fairies who gave him the chance .
they are not a bit cunning after Lock-out , but until Lock-out , my word !
the reason they were cheated was that she pretended to be something else .
this is one of their best tricks .
most of them really are flowers , but some of them are fairies .
another good plan , which David and I sometimes follow , is to stare them down .
once twenty-four of them had an extraordinary adventure .
they were wheeling a hand-cart with the flowers in it , and were quite surprised to find the bed occupied .
that was the beginning of fairies .
they are frightfully ignorant , and everything they do is make-believe .
they hold their great balls in the open air , in what is called a fairy ring .
for weeks afterwards you can see the ring on the grass .
it is not there when they begin , but they make it by waltzing round and round .
David and I once found a fairy ring quite warm .
but there is also a way of finding out about the ball before it takes place .
the table-cloth varies according to the seasons , and in May it is made of chestnut blossom .
for , as you know without my telling you , Peter Pan is the fairies ' orchestra .
the way it was done was this .
his second wish he would hold in reserve .
they tried to dissuade him , and even put obstacles in the way .
so as he persisted in his wish , they had to grant it .
Peter alighted softly on the wooden rail at the foot of the bed and had a good look at her .
he was very glad she was such a pretty mother .
but she looked sad , and he knew why she looked sad .
then she would give such a joyous cry and squeeze him tight .
nothing can be more splendid , he thought , than to have a little boy of your own .
sometimes he looked longingly at his mother , and sometimes he looked longingly at the window .
was he so sure that he should enjoy wearing clothes again ?
he popped off the bed and opened some drawers to have a look at his old garments .
they were still there , but he could not remember how you put them on .
he was about to try one of them on his hand , when he had a great adventure .
it made Peter very miserable , and what do you think was the first thing he did ?
however , as she now seemed comfortable , he again cast looks at the window .
you must not think that he meditated flying away and never coming back .
he had quite decided to be his mother 's boy , but hesitated about beginning to-night .
it was the second wish which troubled him .
also , if he put off asking for his wish too long it might go bad .
he asked himself if he had not been hard-hearted to fly away without saying good-bye to Solomon .
he quite argued with her as if she could hear him .
and in the end , you know , he flew away .
this last reason displeased old Solomon , for it was an encouragement to the birds to procrastinate .
the birds pointed this out to each other , and fell into lazy habits .
the best proof of this was his caution with the fairies .
then they would have said that this was his second wish .
what a glorious boy he had meant to be to her !
but Solomon was right there is no second chance , not for most of us .
when we reach the window it is Lock-out Time .
the iron bars are up for life .
you see the light after Lock-out Time .
but if it was the same one , it was Peter Pan 's light .
heaps of children have seen the light , so that is nothing .
but Maimie Mannering was the famous one for whom the house was first built .
Maimie was always rather a strange girl , and it was at night that she was strange .
she was four years of age , and in the daytime she was the ordinary kind .
it was also a serene look that contrasted grandly with Tony 's uneasy glances .
it was then that Maimie was terrible .
she would have loved to have a ticket on her saying that she was his sister .
so she saw that he was waiting for a real good chance .
it read half-past five .
never , Tony felt , could he hope for a better chance .
he had to feel this , for Maimie so plainly felt it for him .
she did a very kind thing ; she took off her scarf and gave it to him .
her face was aglow , but Tony 's was very gloomy .
she had shut her eyes tight and glued them with passionate tears .
when she opened them something very cold ran up her legs and up her arms and dropped into her heart .
it was the stillness of the Gardens .
it was the Closing of the Gates .
she was not in the least cold .
the crutches were the sticks that are tied to young trees and shrubs .
they were quite familiar objects to Maimie , but she had never known what they were for until to-night .
she peeped up the walk and saw her first fairy .
he was a street boy fairy who was running up the walk closing the weeping trees .
Maimie cried indignantly , for she knew what it was to have a dripping umbrella about your ears .
this night the ribbons were red , and looked very pretty on the snow .
it was difficult to know what to reply .
fortunately she remembered about her father and the bazaar .
she crept forward until she was quite near it , and then she peeped from behind a tree .
they forget all the steps when they are sad , and remember them again when they are merry .
the suspense was awful .
you can't conceive the effect of it .
of course a clergyman has to be present .
and then Maimie went and spoiled everything .
she couldn't help it .
many times she lay down , and then quickly jumped up and ran on again .
her little mind was so entangled in terrors that she no longer knew she was in the Gardens .
she thought the snowflakes falling on her face were her mother kissing her good-night .
but it was the fairies .
every bride has a right to a boon , and what she asked for was Maimie 's life .
they traced Maimie easily by her footprints in the snow .
the house was exactly the size of Maimie , and perfectly lovely .
so they gave it ever so many little extra touches , and even then they added more extra touches .
for instance , two of them ran up a ladder and put on a chimney .
but no , for another two ran up the ladder , and tied some smoke to the chimney .
now , alas ! it was absolutely finished .
oh , dear no !
an ironmonger added a scraper , and an old lady ran up with a door-mat .
carpenters arrived with a water-butt , and the painters insisted on painting it .
she stayed a moment behind the others to drop a pleasant dream down the chimney .
the glow-worm light was waning too , but it was still there .
she knew at once that he must be Peter Pan .
he begged Maimie to tell him what they knew and what they said , and she did so .
he thought it must be some splendid thing .
it quite irritated her .
he could scarcely believe she meant it , but when he did believe he screamed with joy .
very reluctantly Peter began to take the thimble off his finger .
he thought she wanted it back .
Peter asked .
he gave her quite a number of thimbles , and then a delightful idea came into his head .
also that there were very few birds in winter .
she was somewhat indignant at this .
somehow this made her uneasy .
fancy a nest in my neck with little spotty eggs in it !
he was so fond of her , he felt he could not live without her .
Maimie cried , and her face glistened .
she went to him .
it was the Opening of the Gates , and Peter jumped nervously into his boat .
he knew Maimie would not come with him now , and he was trying bravely not to cry .
but Maimie was sobbing painfully .
again he sprang ashore as if she had called him back .
next Tony said
and Maimie answered
oh , he has a joyful time !
he puts them in twos because they seem less lonely .
they lie side by side , and the simple inscriptions read
David sometimes places white flowers on these two innocent graves .
I do hope that Peter is not too ready with his spade .
End of Project Gutenberg 's Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens , by J M Barrie
E-text prepared by Juliet Sutherland , Josephine Paolucci , Joshua Hutchinson , and the Project Gutenberg Online Distributed Proofreading Team
note : Project Gutenberg also has an HTML version of this file which includes the original illustrations .
THE ADVENTURES OF GRANDFATHER FROG
Boston Little , Brown , and Company
I BILLY MINK FINDS LITTLE JOE OTTER
LONGLEGS THE BLUE HERON RECEIVES CALLERS
LONGLEGS VISITS THE SMILING POOL
THE PATIENCE OF LONGLEGS THE BLUE HERON
V GRANDFATHER FROG JUMPS JUST IN TIME
LONGLEGS AND WHITETAIL QUARREL
GRANDFATHER FROG'S BIG MOUTH GETS HIM IN TROUBLE
SPOTTY THE TURTLE PLAYS DOCTOR
OLD MR . TOAD VISITS GRANDFATHER FROG
x . GRANDFATHER FROG STARTS OUT TO SEE THE GREAT WORLD
GRANDFATHER FROG IS STUBBORN
GRANDFATHER FROG KEEPS ON
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE FEELS RESPONSIBLE
GRANDFATHER FROG HAS A STRANGE RIDE
GRANDFATHER FROG GIVES UP HOPE
THE MERRY LITTLE BREEZES WORK HARD
STRIPED CHIPMUNK CUTS THE STRING
GRANDFATHER FROG HURRIES AWAY
GRANDFATHER FROG JUMPS INTO MORE TROUBLE
GRANDFATHER FROG LOSES HEART
THE MERRY LITTLE BREEZES TRY TO COMFORT GRANDFATHER FROG
GRANDFATHER FROG'S TROUBLES GROW
THE DEAR OLD SMILING POOL ONCE MORE
INQUIRED JERRY , WITH A BROAD GRIN
AS SOON AS THEY SAW GRANDFATHER FROG , THEY BEGAN TO LAUGH , TOO
HE SEIZED THE OTHER END OF THE STRING AND BEGAN TO PULL
THE ADVENTURES OF GRANDFATHER FROG
BILLY MINK FINDS LITTLE JOE OTTER
Billy Mink ran around the edge of the Smiling Pool and turned down by the Laughing Brook .
as he passed Jerry Muskrat 's house , Jerry saw him .
Jerry watched him out of sight .
now I wonder what he is so anxious to find Little Joe Otter for .
the legs of a foolish green fly were sticking out of one corner of his big mouth .
Jerry couldn't help laughing , for Grandfather Frog certainly did look funny .
he certainly is getting careless .
suddenly a new thought popped into his head .
without another word Jerry slipped down into the water and swam over to the big green lily-pad of Grandfather Frog .
meanwhile Billy Mink had hurried down the Laughing Brook .
Billy Mink hastened to tell him how Grandfather Frog had fallen fast asleep on his big green lily-pad .
Little Joe Otter put his fish down and grinned .
he likes to play pranks almost as well as he likes to go fishing .
LONGLEGS THE BLUE HERON RECEIVES CALLERS
it was a beautiful morning , too beautiful for any one to be feeling that way .
indeed , it was the same beautiful morning in which Grandfather Frog had caught so many foolish green flies .
jolly , round , bright Mr Sun was smiling his broadest .
so it seemed as if there was no good reason why Longlegs should feel out of sorts .
you know it is hard work to be hungry and happy at the same time .
so Longlegs stood on the edge of a shallow little pool in the Laughing Brook , grumbling to himself .
in the first place it made him envious , and envy , you know , always stirs up bad feelings .
but Longlegs chose to try to make himself think that it was all luck .
Longlegs just pretended not to hear .
but when Little Joe was out of sight and hearing , he began to grumble to himself .
Longlegs snapped his great bill angrily .
Billy Mink chuckled so that Longlegs heard him , and that didn't improve his temper a bit .
but before he could say anything more , Little Joe Otter spoke .
I believe I 'll just go over and have a look at him .
LONGLEGS VISITS THE SMILING POOL
Longlegs the Blue Heron watched Billy Mink and Little Joe Otter disappear down the Laughing Brook .
all this time Billy Mink and Little Joe Otter had not been so far away as Longlegs supposed .
sure enough , there on his big green lily-pad sat Grandfather Frog with his eyes shut .
the eyes of Longlegs sparkled with hunger and the thought of what a splendid breakfast Grandfather Frog would make .
THE PATIENCE OF LONGLEGS THE BLUE HERON
patience often wins the day When over-haste has lost the way .
yes , Sir , Longlegs certainly has got patience .
you know a fisherman without patience rarely catches anything .
he can sit still the longest time waiting for something to come to him .
there he stopped and looked very hard at Grandfather Frog .
yes , he certainly must be asleep , for his eyes were closed .
now all the time Grandfather Frog was doing some quiet chuckling himself .
you see , he wasn't asleep at all .
grandfather Frog pretended to yawn and opened his big goggly eyes .
Longlegs stood on one foot without moving so much as a feather .
Longlegs waited and waited .
but Grandfather Frog didn't go to sleep .
they were Billy Mink and Little Joe Otter .
at first they laughed to themselves and nudged each other at the thought of the trick they had played .
then , as nothing happened , they began to grow tired and uneasy .
you see they do not possess patience .
finally they gave up in disgust and stole away to find some more exciting sport .
grandfather Frog saw them go and chuckled harder than ever to himself .
GRANDFATHER FROG JUMPS JUST IN TIME
you know they are always flitting about trying to do some one a good turn .
Danny Meadow Mouse wasn't to be found .
only a few foolish grasshoppers rewarded his patient search , and these only served to make him feel hungrier than ever .
at last he made up his mind that he was wasting time there .
with that he hurried a little faster , and then he saw what Longlegs was watching so intently .
old Whitetail gave a great sigh of satisfaction .
besides , his back was toward old Whitetail .
of course Whitetail saw this , and it made him almost chuckle aloud .
that was the tail of Jerry Muskrat hitting the water .
grandfather Frog knew what that meant danger !
when Jerry Muskrat slapped the water with his tail that way , danger was very near indeed .
with a scream of disappointment and anger , he whirled in the air and made straight for Jerry Muskrat .
LONGLEGS AND WHITETAIL QUARREL
so when Grandfather Frog splashed into the Smiling Pool , of course Longlegs lost his temper altogether .
his yellow eyes seemed to grow even more yellow .
now old Whitetail was just as hungry as Longlegs , and he had come even nearer to catching Grandfather Frog .
he is even quicker tempered than Longlegs .
it was more than any self-respecting Hawk could stand .
yes , Sir , it certainly was !
I really didn't .
at last he saw a chance , or thought he did , and shot down .
GRANDFATHER FROG'S BIG MOUTH GETS HIM IN TROUBLE
grandfather Frog has a great big mouth .
you know that .
everybody does .
but once in a while his big mouth gets him into trouble .
it 's a way big mouths have .
it holds so much that it makes him greedy sometimes .
grandfather Frog wanted to say no , but he always tells the truth .
I just thought that if you hadn't , you might like a fish .
Little Joe Otter knows all about Grandfather Frog 's greediness .
with that , Little Joe picked out the biggest fish he had and tossed it over to Grandfather Frog .
it was plump and looked so tempting that Grandfather Frog forgot all about his full stomach .
he even forgot to be polite and thank Little Joe Otter .
he just opened his great mouth and seized the fish .
yes , Sir , that is just what he did .
that is just what he started to do with the fish .
it went all right until the head reached his stomach .
grandfather Frog began to choke .
SPOTTY THE TURTLE PLAYS DOCTOR
greed 's a dreadful thing to see , As everybody will agree .
grandfather Frog hitched this way and hitched that way on his big green lily-pad , trying his best to swallow .
twice he tumbled off with a splash into the Smiling Pool .
they just laughed and laughed and laughed until the tears came .
they rolled over and over on the bank and kicked their heels from sheer enjoyment .
it was the funniest thing they had seen for a long , long time .
now this is just what Grandfather Frog was trying to do .
he tried first with one hand , then with the other , and at last with both .
it was of no use at all .
he just couldn't budge that fish .
he couldn't cough it up , because it had gone too far down for that .
he hurried now because he didn't want to miss the fun .
at first he didn't see Grandfather Frog .
Little Joe Otter simply pointed to Grandfather Frog .
Little Joe had laughed so much that he couldn't even speak .
Spotty looked over to the big green lily-pad and started to laugh too .
then he saw great tears rolling down from Grandfather Frog 's eyes and heard little choky sounds .
he stopped laughing and started for Grandfather Frog as fast as he could swim .
then Spotty the Turtle settled back and pulled , and Grandfather Frog settled back and pulled .
grandfather Frog had fallen backward into the Smiling Pool on one side of the big green lily-pad .
Spotty the Turtle had fallen backward into the Smiling Pool on the opposite side of the big green lily-pad .
and the fish which had caused all the trouble lay floating on the water .
OLD MR . TOAD VISITS GRANDFATHER FROG
grandfather Frog and old Mr Toad are cousins .
of course you know that without being told .
everybody does .
but not everybody knows that they were born in the same place .
they were .
yes , Sir , they were .
they were born in the Smiling Pool .
in fact , when they were babies , they couldn't live out of the water .
but when they grew old enough to have legs and get along without tails , they parted company .
grandfather Frog didn't expect ever to see him again .
but he did , though it wasn't for a long , long time .
and when he did come back , he had grown so that Grandfather Frog hardly knew him at first .
it was so on the day that Grandfather Frog had so nearly choked to death .
now all day long Grandfather Frog had had to listen to unpleasant remarks about his greediness .
old Mr Toad pretended not to notice how out of sorts Grandfather Frog was but kept right on talking .
grandfather Frog swelled right out with anger .
right away old Mr Toad began to swell with anger too .
tell me that !
old Mr Toad 's eyes snapped , for you know his suit is very plain and rough .
grandfather Frog almost choked again , he was so angry .
grandfather Frog forgot his anger and began to look anxious .
he didn't even look around for a hiding-place .
he just sat still and grinned .
Farmer Brown 's boy is a friend of mine .
I help him in his garden .
GRANDFATHER FROG STARTS OUT TO SEE THE GREAT WORLD
he looked very much as if he had something on his mind .
a foolish green fly actually brushed Grandfather Frog 's nose and he didn't even notice it .
in fact , he had boasted that they were friends .
he was thinking , thinking very hard .
so he sat and thought and thought .
suddenly he made up his mind .
GRANDFATHER FROG IS STUBBORN
grandfather actually had started out to see the Great World .
you see Grandfather Frog is stubborn .
it was warm .
you see , they had played so hard early in the morning that they were tired .
but he was stubborn .
he wouldn't turn back , no matter how uncomfortable he felt .
he would see the Great World if it killed him .
so he kept right on , jump , jump , jump , jump .
but he didn't .
sniff , sniff , sniff !
grandfather Frog flattened himself down as close to the ground as he could get .
but it was of no use , no use at all .
Bowser looked just as surprised as he felt .
he put out one paw and turned Grandfather Frog over on his back .
grandfather Frog struggled to his feet and made two frightened jumps .
Bowser thought it great fun , but Grandfather Frog thought that his last day had come .
GRANDFATHER FROG KEEPS ON
grandfather Frog is old and wise , But even age is foolish .
I 'm sure you 'll all agree with me His stubbornness was mulish .
he didn't have the least doubt about it .
every time he moved , Bowser flipped him over on his back and danced around him , barking with joy .
every minute Grandfather Frog expected to feel Bowser 's terrible teeth , and he grew cold at the thought .
he was too tired and frightened to do much of anything else , anyway .
Bowser sniffed him all over .
with that , Bowser took one more sniff and then trotted off to try to find something more exciting .
you see , he hadn't had the least intention in the world of really hurting Grandfather Frog .
grandfather Frog kept perfectly still until he was sure that Bowser was nowhere near .
now right down in his heart Grandfather Frog knew the answer .
but Grandfather Frog is stubborn .
yes , Sir , he certainly is stubborn .
and stubbornness is often just another name for foolishness .
he had told Jerry Muskrat that he was going out to see the Great World .
now if he went back , Jerry would laugh at him .
then he turned around to see who had startled him so .
it was Danny Meadow Mouse .
you take my advice , Grandfather Frog , and go straight back to the Smiling Pool .
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE FEELS RESPONSIBLE
Responsible is a great big word .
yes , Sir , he just had to do it .
he felt re-spon-sible for Grandfather Frog 's safety .
of course he started to take Grandfather Frog along one of these little paths .
but Grandfather Frog doesn't walk or run ; he jumps .
grandfather Frog simply couldn't follow Danny along those little paths .
Danny sat down to think , and puckered his brows anxiously .
he was more worried than ever .
grandfather Frog had started out to see the Great World , and he was going to see it .
Danny sighed .
but Danny felt more worried than ever .
GRANDFATHER FROG HAS A STRANGE RIDE
Danny kept as much under the grass that overhung the Lone Little Path as he could .
if a shadow passed over the grass , Danny would duck under the nearest leaf and hold his breath .
now , I 'm not afraid until I see something to be afraid of .
time enough then .
now , here I am out in the Great World , and I 'm not afraid .
but the wisest sometimes become foolish when they think that they know all there is to know .
it was so with Grandfather Frog .
it was he who was foolish and not Danny Meadow Mouse .
but Grandfather Frog didn't .
grandfather Frog gave a frightened croak and jumped , but he was too late .
before he could jump again Farmer Brown 's boy had him by his long hind-legs .
these legs of yours will be mighty fine eating , Mr Frog .
GRANDFATHER FROG GIVES UP HOPE
it was dreadful .
now the Merry Little Breezes are great friends of Grandfather Frog .
he raced away to tell the other Merry Little Breezes .
for a minute they were perfectly still .
they forgot all about being merry .
nobody replied .
they just thought and thought and thought .
finally the first one spoke .
they wasted no more time talking , but raced after Farmer Brown 's boy as fast as they could go .
but poor old Grandfather Frog couldn't be comforted .
no , Sir , Grandfather Frog couldn't be comforted .
he was in a terrible fix , and he couldn't see any way out of it .
he wasn't cruel .
no , indeed , Farmer Brown 's boy wasn't cruel .
that is , he didn't mean to be cruel .
a great cloud of dust and leaves and tiny sticks was dashed in his face and nearly choked him .
dirt got in his eyes .
his hat was snatched from his head and went sailing over into the garden .
he dropped Grandfather Frog and felt for his handkerchief to wipe the dirt from his eyes .
and Grandfather Frog ought to have known it too , but he didn't .
THE MERRY LITTLE BREEZES WORK HARD
then he had to climb the fence and chase his hat through the garden .
it was great fun for the Merry Little Breezes .
but they were not doing it for fun .
no , indeed , they were not doing it for fun !
they were doing it to lead Farmer Brown 's boy away from Grandfather Frog .
what were they going for ?
why , to hunt for some of Grandfather Frog 's friends and ask their help .
one thought of Striped Chipmunk and started for the old stone wall to look for him .
another went in search of Danny Meadow Mouse .
a fifth remembered what sharp teeth Happy Jack Squirrel has and hurried over to the Green Forest to look for him .
a sixth started straight for the Smiling Pool to tell Jerry Muskrat .
and every one of them raced as fast as he could .
all this time Grandfather Frog was without hope .
yes , Sir , poor old Grandfather Frog was wholly in despair .
when Farmer Brown 's boy dropped him , he lay right where he fell for a few minutes .
then , right close at hand , he saw an old board .
the best he could do was to crawl and wriggle and pull himself along .
he had just started to look when the dinner horn sounded .
Farmer Brown 's boy hesitated .
he was hungry .
if he was late , he might lose his dinner .
he could come back later to look for Grandfather Frog , for with his legs tied Grandfather Frog couldn't get far .
so , with a last look to make sure of the place , Farmer Brown 's boy started for the house .
if the Merry Little Breezes had known this , they would have felt ever so much better .
but they didn't .
STRIPED CHIPMUNK CUTS THE STRING
almost every morning they have a grand frolic together .
anyway , they hadn't come at the usual time .
but Striped Chipmunk didn't know anything about that .
he chased his own tail round and round until he nearly fell off of the post .
then he kicked up his heels and whisked along the old fence again .
half-way across a shaky old rail , he suddenly stopped .
it was a piece of string .
yes , Sir , it was a piece of string .
what did interest him and make him very curious was the fact that this piece of string kept moving .
whoever heard of a piece of string moving all by itself ?
certainly Striped Chipmunk never had .
he couldn't understand it .
for a few minutes he watched it from the top rail of the old fence .
he looked at it from one side , then ran around and looked at it from the other side .
of course there was somebody hiding under that old board and jerking the string .
Striped Chipmunk sat down and scratched his head thoughtfully .
a gleam of mischief twinkled in Striped Chipmunk 's eyes .
he seized the other end of the string and began to pull .
but he held on and pulled harder .
Striped Chipmunk was so surprised that he let go of the string and nearly fell over backward .
Striped Chipmunk didn't wait for him to finish .
GRANDFATHER FROG HURRIES AWAY
of course he thanked Striped Chipmunk over and over again .
now when he said that , Striped Chipmunk made a great mistake .
grandfather Frog straightened up and tried to look very dignified .
dear me , dear me !
grandfather Frog was boasting .
but Grandfather Frog is stubborn , you know .
so he shook his head .
do you happen to know where there is any water ?
Striped Chipmunk knew all about that spring , for he had been there for a drink many times .
so he told Grandfather Frog just where the spring was and how to get to it .
grandfather Frog looked up sharply to see if Striped Chipmunk was making fun of him .
GRANDFATHER FROG JUMPS INTO MORE TROUBLE
some people are heedless and run into trouble .
some people are stupid and walk into trouble .
grandfather Frog was both heedless and stupid and jumped into trouble .
so he wasn't used to going a long time without water .
jump , jump , jump !
and each jump was a long one .
Peter Rabbit certainly would have been envious if he could have seen those long jumps of Grandfather Frog .
at last the ground began to grow damp .
presently it became fairly wet , and there was a great deal of soft , cool , wet moss .
right away he saw a little path from the direction of the Long Lane .
that puzzled Grandfather Frog a great deal .
it was a whistle , the whistle of Farmer Brown 's boy !
grandfather Frog knew it right away , because he often had heard it over by the Smiling Pool .
the whistle came from over in the Long Lane .
suddenly the smile seemed to freeze on Grandfather Frog 's face .
Farmer Brown 's boy had left the Long Lane and was coming along the little path .
he crouched down as flat as he could on the big hummock and held his breath .
Farmer Brown 's boy went straight past .
peeping through the grass , Grandfather Frog saw him dip up beautiful clear water in an old cup and drink .
then Grandfather Frog knew just where the spring was .
grandfather Frog waited only long enough to be sure that he had really gone .
a dozen long jumps , and he could see the water .
GRANDFATHER FROG LOSES HEART
look before you leap ; The water may be deep .
grandfather Frog did .
grandfather Frog didn't look at all before he leaped .
no , Sir , he didn't !
he just dived in with a great long jump .
for a few minutes he couldn't think of anything else .
presently he opened his eyes to look around .
he rubbed them to make sure that he saw aright .
and after that for a long time he didn't say a word .
you see , it was this way .
over the edge of the smooth straight wall grasses were bending .
he didn't understand it at all , but it was so .
of course , Farmer Brown 's boy could have told him all about it .
Round and round he swam , but he couldn't see any way out of it .
when Grandfather Frog thought of that , he just lost heart .
yes , Sir , he just lost heart .
THE MERRY LITTLE BREEZES TRY TO COMFORT GRANDFATHER FROG
the Merry Little Breezes looked and looked .
then , one by one , they sadly turned back to the Long Lane .
they felt so badly that they just hated to go back where they had left Grandfather Frog .
we can see him for ourselves .
now this wasn't true , for Striped Chipmunk isn't that kind .
it was mostly talk , and the Merry Little Breezes knew it .
grandfather Frog made no reply .
then they said all the comforting things they could think of .
grandfather Frog brightened up .
GRANDFATHER FROG'S TROUBLES GROW
grandfather Frog had had plenty of time to realize how very true this is .
it really wasn't so bad in the spring .
he was just in time .
yes , Sir , he was just in time .
the truth is , he couldn't think of anything else to do .
they were greenish yellow eyes , and they stared and stared .
grandfather Frog stared and stared back .
he just couldn't help it .
he didn't know who they belonged to .
he couldn't remember ever having seen them before .
he was afraid , and yet somehow he couldn't make up his mind to jump .
then suddenly it moved like a flash .
two paws pinned him down , and the greenish yellow eyes were not an inch from his own .
they belonged to Black Pussy , Farmer Brown 's cat .
THE DEAR OLD SMILING POOL ONCE MORE
Black Pussy was having a good time .
grandfather Frog wasn't .
it was great fun for Black Pussy to slip a paw under Grandfather Frog and toss him up in the air .
but there wasn't any fun in it for Grandfather Frog .
just as Black Pussy slipped into the Long Lane , Grandfather Frog heard a familiar sound .
it was a whistle , a merry whistle .
it was the whistle of Farmer Brown 's boy .
it was coming nearer and nearer .
a little bit of hope began to stir in the heart of Grandfather Frog .
he didn't know just why , but it did .
black Pussy stopped .
then she began to make a queer whirring sound deep down in her throat .
have you been hunting ?
Farmer Brown 's boy stooped down to see what she had in her mouth .
you don't want him , Puss .
with that he took Grandfather Frog from Black Pussy and dropped him in his pocket .
he patted Black Pussy , called her a smart cat , and then started on his way , whistling merrily .
it was dark and rather close in that pocket , but Grandfather Frog didn't mind this .
it was a lot better than feeling sharp teeth and claws all the time .
he wondered how soon they would reach the house and what would happen to him then .
the whistling stopped .
everything was quiet .
then he saw a little ray of light creeping into his prison .
he squirmed and pushed , and all of a sudden he was out of the pocket .
the bright light made him blink .
as soon as he could see , he looked to see where he was .
then he rubbed his eyes with both hands and looked again .
he wasn't at Farmer Brown 's house at all .
where do you think he was ?
he is quite content to leave it to those who like to dwell there .
TABLE OF CONTENTS :
HOW THE WHALE GOT HIS THROAT
all the fishes he could find in all the sea he ate with his mouth so !
and he began to dance more than ever .
by means of a grating I have stopped your ating .
for the Mariner he was also an Hi-ber-ni-an .
so did the Whale .
he was afraid that the Whale might be angry with him .
he was wearing the blue canvas breeches when he walked out on the shingle .
HOW THE CAMEL GOT HIS HUMP
NOW this is the next tale , and it tells how the Camel got his big hump .
To-day is Thursday , and you 've done no work since Monday , when the work began .
come out of the Desert and go to the Three , and behave .
and then you will find that the sun and the wind .
HOW THE RHINOCEROS GOT HIS SKIN
in those days the Rhinoceros 's skin fitted him quite tight .
there were no wrinkles in it anywhere .
he looked exactly like a Noah 's Ark Rhinoceros , but of course much bigger .
and there was a great deal more in that than you would think .
in those days it buttoned underneath with three buttons and looked like a waterproof .
he waddled straight into the water and blew bubbles through his nose , leaving his skin on the beach .
then he danced three times round the skin and rubbed his hands .
and the Rhinoceros did .
he buttoned it up with the three buttons , and it tickled like cake crumbs in bed .
then he ran to the palm-tree and rubbed and rubbed and rubbed himself against it .
they were inside his skin and they tickled .
HOW THE LEOPARD GOT HIS SPOTS
and Baviaan winked .
he knew .
( that meant just the same thing , but the Ethiopian always used long words .
and Baviaan winked .
he knew .
but they didn't .
don't you know that if you were on the High Veldt I could see you ten miles off ?
they had just walked off and hidden themselves in the shadowy forest .
take a lesson by it , Leopard .
I 'm going to take Baviaan 's advice .
I went into other spots as fast as I could .
you can see them on any Leopard 's skin you like , Best Beloved .
you can lie out on the naked rocks and look like a piece of pudding-stone .
so they went away and lived happily ever afterward , Best Beloved .
that is all .
but they will never do it again , Best Beloved .
people have come in a carriage calling .
let's go up to the pig-sties and sit on the farmyard rails !
oh , come along out of it quick .
THE ELEPHANT'S CHILD
and they all spanked him once more for luck , though he asked them most politely to stop .
that is the way all always talk .
the Elephant 's Child sat there for three days waiting for his nose to shrink .
but it never grew any shorter , and , besides , it made him squint .
so the Elephant 's Child went home across Africa frisking and whisking his trunk .
then he uncurled his trunk and knocked two of his dear brothers head over heels .
I let them rest from nine till five .
THE SING-SONG OF OLD MAN KANGAROO
NOT always was the Kangaroo as now we do behold him , but a Different Animal with four short legs .
wake up , Dingo !
do you see that gentleman dancing on an ashpit ?
off went the proud Kangaroo on his four little legs like a bunny .
he had to !
he had to !
he had to !
he had to !
he hopped like a Kangaroo .
he hadn't any time for rest or refreshment , and he wanted them very much .
he had to !
he had to !
Kangaroo bounded away , His back-legs working like pistons Bounded from morning till dark , Twenty-five feet to a bound .
my ! but they covered the ground !
THE BEGINNING OF THE ARMADILLOS
do you see ?
do you see ?
you thought I wouldn't !
your mother was quite right .
she said that you were to scoop me out of my shell with your paw .
now he 's gone to tell his Mummy .
you should have dropped him into the water .
this is a mess !
painted Jaguar was sitting on the banks of the turbid Amazon sucking prickles out of his Paws and saying to himself
I 'm going to try to learn to swim .
it 's making you black in the face .
oh , won't Painted Jaguar be surprised !
he was so astonished that he fell three times backward over his own painted tail without stopping .
then he went to fetch his mother .
do you see ?
and I 'd like to roll to Rio Some day before I 'm old !
oh , I 'd love to roll to Rio Some day before I 'm old !
HOW THE FIRST LETTER WAS WRITTEN
ONCE upon a most early time was a Neolithic man .
now attend and listen !
Tegumai drew a hank of deer-sinews from his mendy-bag and began to mend his spear .
the Stranger-man thought , this is a very wonderful child .
she stamps her foot at me and she makes faces .
so he smiled more politely than ever .
you want my Mummy 's living-address ?
you can look over my shoulder , but you mustn't joggle .
first I 'll draw Daddy fishing .
well , now I 'll draw the other spear that he wants , the black-handled spear .
now I 'll draw you .
he is a great Chief , or he would have noticed me .
now I 'll show you how to find my Mummy 's living-address .
Mind you don't fall in !
then our Cave is just beyond the beaver-swamp .
that 's my Mummy outside .
she is beautiful .
she 'll be pleased of me because I can draw .
isn't it a beautiful picture ?
now I see why the great Chief pretended not to notice me !
he feared that his enemies were hiding in the bushes and would see him .
now this is the picture that Taffy had drawn for him !
you don't know how surprised you 'll be , Daddy !
as soon as Teshumai saw the picture she screamed like anything and flew at the Stranger-man .
she showed the picture to all the Neolithic ladies sitting patiently on the Stranger-man .
by this time the Stranger-man ( in spite of being a Tewara ) was really annoyed .
daddy dear , this is my surprise .
and so they were .
can't a man break his carp-spear without the whole countryside descending on him ?
he could only gasp and point at Taffy .
there was only one spear .
why have you filled his hair with mud ?
it is a great invention , and some day men will call it writing .
most of them prefer to draw pictures and play about with their Daddies just like Taffy .
HOW THE ALPHABET WAS MADE
do say ah , Daddy , and keep your mouth open at the end , and lend me that tooth .
don't you know how they stand on their heads rooting in the mud ?
and she drew this .
and he drew this .
and she drew this .
the end part is ah-carp-fish-mouth ; but what can we do about the front part ?
Yer-yer-yer and ah !
he was quite incited too .
if they 're joined , I 'll forget .
draw his tail .
if he 's standing on his head the tail will come first .
and he drew this .
and she drew this .
and he drew this .
let's make the ssh-noise a snake .
and she drew this .
and he drew this .
two noises mixed !
all that in a carp-fish-tail and a round egg !
and he drew this .
I see a difficulty .
we must make a new picture for sho .
I 'll put them in just after the hissy-snake .
and she drew this .
I 'll say shi .
and he laughed .
it makes me uncomfy .
do some more noises .
taffy drew the snake and the drying-pole .
then she stopped .
and he drew this .
her Daddy went on drawing , and his hand shook with incitement .
he went on till he had drawn this .
Just then a drop fell on her hand , for the day had clouded over .
Tegumai got up and danced .
we 've got shu-ya all right , haven't we ?
and she drew .
and he drew this .
oh , we 've done that before .
and he drew .
that makes Ma-ma-ma !
and he drew .
and he drew .
and very incitedly he drew them all without stopping , on a big new bit of birch-bark .
never mind , dear .
THE CRAB THAT PLAYED WITH THE SEA
one by one he took all the beasts and birds and fishes and told them what to play at .
nobody saw him go away except the little girl-daughter where she leaned on the Man 's shoulder .
and he went on spinning his line .
and he went on biting the line .
now I know where Pau Amma went .
then he waved his legs and lamented .
look ! there is that girl who saw me running away at the Very Beginning .
I can crack shells .
I can dig holes .
I can climb trees .
I can breathe in the dry air , and I can find a safe Pusat Tasek under every stone .
I did not know I was so important .
they shall be the laziest people in the world .
then they all went up the Perak River and went to bed , Best Beloved .
now listen and attend !
and Pau Amma 's babies hate being taken out of their little Pusat Taseks and brought home in pickle-bottles .
orient , Anchor , Bibby , Hall , Never go that way at all .
U.C.S. would have a fit If it found itself on it .
you 'll know what my riddle means When you 've eaten mangosteens .
THE CAT THAT WALKED BY HIMSELF
but the wildest of all the wild animals was the Cat .
he walked by himself , and all places were alike to him .
of course the Man was wild too .
he was dreadfully wild .
she made the First Singing Magic in the world .
so he slipped after Wild Dog softly , very softly , and hid himself where he could hear everything .
but he never told anybody .
but he never told anybody .
ride on his back when you go hunting .
but he never told anybody .
you have said it yourself .
must I never sit by the warm fire ?
must I never drink the warm white milk ?
so I will make a bargain with you .
the Woman was busy cooking that morning , and the Baby cried and interrupted .
so she carried him outside the Cave and gave him a handful of pebbles to play with .
but still the Baby cried .
and the Baby laughed ; and the Woman heard him and smiled .
the Woman was very angry , and shut her lips tight and took up her spinning-wheel and began to spin .
and he began to purr , loud and low , low and loud , till the Baby fell fast asleep .
even the First Friend is not quick enough to catch little mice as you have done .
but the Cat keeps his side of the bargain too .
but Binkie will play whatever I choose , And he is my true First Friend .
THE BUTTERFLY THAT STAMPED
there are three hundred and fifty-five stories about Suleiman-bin-Daoud ; but this is not one of them .
now attend all over again and listen !
Suleiman-bin-Daoud was wise .
Suleiman-bin-Daoud was strong .
upon the third finger of the right hand he wore a ring .
and yet Suleiman-bin-Daoud was not proud .
I am the smallest of thirty thousand brothers , and our home is at the bottom of the sea .
now I am ashamed , and it serves me right .
he married ever so many wifes .
she loved him too much .
presently two Butterflies flew under the tree , quarrelling .
she is my wife ; and you know what wives are like .
Up flew the Butterfly 's Wife , very frightened , and clung to Balkis 's white hand .
they never mean half they say .
ask him to stamp , and see what will happen .
you know I can't do it , and now she 'll never believe a word I say .
I dare you to do it !
Suleiman-bin-Daolld could hardly speak for laughing .
and he kissed them on the wings , and they flew away .
and he told Balkis what he had done .
then they went up to the Palace and lived happily ever afterwards .
a WONDER-BOOK FOR GIRLS AND BOYS
THE PARADISE OF CHILDREN
but no more green grass and dandelions now .
this was such a snow-storm !
but these were merely peeps through the tempest .
nevertheless , the children rejoiced greatly in the snowstorm .
but the children liked the snow-storm better than them all .
THE PARADISE OF CHILDREN .
her name was Pandora .
then , everybody was a child .
it was a very pleasant life indeed .
Pandora continually kept saying to herself and to Epimetheus .
come , let us go and gather some ripe figs , and eat them under the trees , for our supper .
this ugly box !
I am so taken up with thinking about it all the time .
still , however , she could not help thinking and talking about the box .
it was Quicksilver ; and he brought one hither , as well as the box .
for the first time since her arrival , Epimetheus had gone out without asking Pandora to accompany him .
the box , the box , and nothing but the box !
after Epimetheus was gone , Pandora stood gazing at the box .
the edges and corners of the box were carved with most wonderful skill .
the most beautiful face of all was done in what is called high relief , in the centre of the lid .
what harm can there be in opening the box ?
never mind that poor , simple Epimetheus !
there appeared to be no end to this knot , and no beginning .
Nay , perhaps I could tie it up again , after undoing it .
there would be no harm in that , surely .
Even Epimetheus would not blame me for that .
when life is all sport , toil is the real play .
there was absolutely nothing to do .
and then , for the rest of the day , there was the box !
what could it be , indeed ?
do you think that you should be less curious than Pandora ?
but you would not do it .
no , no !
she was more than half determined to open it , if she could .
first , however , she tried to lift it .
it was heavy ; quite too heavy for the slender strength of a child , like Pandora .
she applied her ear as closely as possible , and listened .
or was it merely the singing in Pandora 's ears ?
or could it be the beating of her heart ?
but , at all events , her curiosity was stronger than ever .
as she drew back her head , her eyes fell upon the knot of gold cord .
so she took the golden knot in her fingers , and pried into its intricacies as sharply as she could .
Pandora stopped to listen .
what a beautiful day it was !
we will be such nice pretty playfellows for you !
well ! yes !
I am resolved to take just one peep !
but it is now time for us to see what Epimetheus was doing .
but nothing went right ; nor was he nearly so happy as on other days .
the world had not yet learned to be otherwise .
but , as it happened , there was no need of his treading so very lightly .
she was too intent upon her purpose .
Epimetheus beheld her .
but Pandora , heeding nothing of all this , lifted the lid nearly upright , and looked inside .
the thundercloud had so darkened the room that she could not very clearly discern what was in it .
it was one of these that had stung Epimetheus .
had they been faithful to their trust , all would have gone well .
of course , they were entirely unaccustomed to it , and could have no idea what it meant .
besides all this , they were in exceedingly bad humor , both with themselves and with one another .
suddenly there was a gentle little tap , on the inside of the lid .
but either Epimetheus had not heard the tap , or was too much out of humor to notice it .
at any rate , he made no answer .
you are inside of the box , naughty creature , and there you shall stay !
there are plenty of your ugly brothers and sisters already flying about the world .
but the sullen boy only muttered that she was wise a little too late .
I am not like those naughty creatures that have stings in their tails .
Pandora 's heart had insensibly grown lighter , at every word that came from within the box .
come , my dear Pandora , lift up the lid .
I am in a great hurry to comfort you .
so , with one consent , the two children again lifted the lid .
have you never made the sunshine dance into dark corners , by reflecting it from a bit of looking-glass ?
there may come times and seasons , now and then , when you will think that I have utterly vanished .
AFTER THE STORY .
don't you think her the exact picture of yourself ?
so saying , she began to skip the rope .
meantime , the day was drawing towards its close .
out of doors the scene certainly looked dreary .
End of Project Gutenberg 's The Paradise of Children , by Nathaniel Hawthorne
the Author of this book is also the Editor of the Blue , Red , Greenland Yellow Fairy Books .
about that ancient kingdom very little is known .
the natives speak German ; but the Royal Family , as usual , was of foreign origin .
but these heroes doubtless inherited the spirit of their great ancestress , whose story is necessary to be known .
though wedded to a bachelor life , the prince was much too well-bred to make any remonstrance .
from this adventurous Lady Dragonissa , Prince Prigio derived his character for gallantry .
you now know as much as the Author does of the early history of Pantouflia .
with these explanations , the Author leaves to the judgment of young readers his Own Fairy Book .
ALMA , THYRA , EDITH , ROSALIND , NORNA , CECILY , AND VIOLET
in compiling the following History from the Archives of Pantouflia , the Editor has incurred several obligations to the Learned .
for the Rmora , the Editor is indebted to the Voyage  la Lune of M . Cyrano de Bergrac .
with almost everything else to make them happy , they wanted one thing : they had no children .
the king was anxious to consult the fairies , but the queen would not hear of such a thing .
it was a splendid room , hung with portraits of the royal ancestors .
many other pictures of celebrated persons were hanging on the walls .
but here the baby was brought in by the nurse , and the queen almost devoured it with kisses .
and so the fairies were not invited !
don't you like opening parcels ?
the king did , and he was most friendly and polite to the fairies .
but the queen , though she saw them distinctly , took no notice of them .
WELL , the little prince grew up .
well , that was his name .
he argued with his nurse as soon as he could speak , which was very soon .
he argued that he did not like to be washed , because the soap got into his eyes .
then he remembered the awful curse of the oldest fairy , and was sorry for the rudeness of the queen .
indeed , I cannot tell you how the prince was hated by all !
he would go down into the kitchen , and show the cook how to make soup .
and , what was more , he had !
but Prigio nearly got the country into several wars by being too clever for the foreign ambassadors .
for the king knew he was not clever himself .
well , the king thought and thought .
how was he to get Prigio out of the way , and make Enrico or Alphonso his successor ?
and he wished he had the chance .
well , it arrived at last .
there was a very hot summer !
all the rivers were dried up .
the grass did not grow .
the corn did not grow .
the thermometers exploded with heat .
the barometers stood at Set Fair .
now , the Firedrake is a beast , or bird , about the bigness of an elephant .
its body is made of iron , and it is always red-hot .
Page , my chain-armour , helmet , lance , and buckler ! a Molinda !
but he never came back any more !
Enrico was present when Prigio was consoling the king in this unfeeling way .
he insisted on making his will ; and he wrote a poem about the pleasures and advantages of dying young .
this poem comforted Enrico more or less , and he showed it to Prigio .
but he never came back again !
after shedding torrents of tears , the king summoned Prince Prigio to his presence .
now , there can be no further question about the matter .
therefore to send me after the Firedrake were both dangerous and unnecessary .
he was a great grammarian !
MEANWHILE , Prince Prigio had to suffer many unpleasant things .
so the prince , for all his cleverness , was not happy .
and he grew so fierce , that even the queen was afraid of him now .
but the rest of the courtiers were delighted at leaving Prince Prigio behind .
when he wakened , the air was cold and the day was beginning to grow dark .
never was such a spectacle of wicked mischief .
it was as if hay had been made of everything he possessed .
the cruel fairy had made him so .
well , here was the prince in a pretty plight .
there was a pair of boots ; and he kicked off his slippers , and got into them .
they were a good deal worn , but fitted as if they had been made for him .
then he ran downstairs , and walked out of the hall door .
BY this time the prince was very hungry .
but this , of course , the prince did not know .
otherwise they would be very inconvenient when you only want to cross the room , for example .
perhaps this has not been explained to you by your governess ?
at first he thought they were too busy , but presently another explanation occurred to him .
as he did so , his cap dropped off .
the officer fell on his knees at once , crying :
this was more than the prince could be expected to believe .
sir ! you have insulted your prince and your superior officer .
consider yourself under arrest !
on this , the poor officer appealed piteously to everybody in the tavern .
he was not put in a better temper by the way in which people hustled him in the street .
overcome with surprise , he thrust the money into the woman 's hand , and put on his cap again .
he walked among the guests , being careful not to jostle them , and listening to their conversation .
it was all about himself !
yes , one had !
it was the pretty lady of the carriage .
I never could tell you how pretty she was .
the prince blushed at this , for he knew his conduct had not been honourable .
you see he was so clever !
he had read about those things in historical books : but now he believed in them .
once he would not have cared , but now he cared very much indeed .
but the prince was not clever for nothing .
he struck a light with a flint and steel , lit a torch , and ran upstairs to the garret .
the prince pulled off the cap of darkness , put on the other , and said :
Heaven bless our Prince Prigio !
she was the daughter of the new English Ambassador , and her name was Lady Rosalind .
and the prince said :
PRINCE PRIGIO did not go to bed .
he reflected for a little , and then ran upstairs to the garret .
Prigio 's first idea was to look at his lady .
he was floating about in a sea of molten lava , on the top of a volcano .
the prince did not like the looks of him .
what was he to do , indeed ?
and what would you have done ?
then he seized the ivory glass , clapped it to his eye , and looked for the Remora .
Great burning stones were tossed up by the volcano , and nearly hit him several times .
the garden-engine of poor little Alphonso was lying in the valley , all broken and useless .
it was the first time he had forgotten his grammar , but he was terribly excited .
the cinders fell , jingling and crackling , round the prince in a little shower .
then the Firedrake dived back , with an awful splash of flame , and the mountain roared round him .
then he dropped his own glove into the fiery lake .
if he had been too warm before , the prince was too cold now .
and still the thing slipped up , from the chink under the mountain .
then the white folds began to slide , like melting ice , from the black hill .
Prince Prigio felt the air getting warmer behind him , and colder in front of him .
IT was an awful sight to behold !
the wounded Remora curled back his head again on himself , and again crawled , steaming terribly , towards his enemy .
but the struggle was too much for the gallant Remora .
with one final roar , like the breath of a thousand furnaces , the Firedrake expired .
punctuality is the politeness of princes ; and a prince is polite when he is in love !
she seemed prettier and kinder than ever .
he had never been at such a pleasant dinner !
at last he took the prince into a corner , on pretence of showing him a rare statue .
TO ALL LOYAL SUBJECTS .
the ambassador was so astonished that he ran straight upstairs , forgetting his manners , and crying :
William stammered , and seemed at a loss for a reply .
William said at last , rather as if he were making a speech :
and he lays it down on that there seat , and Thomas shows him into the droring-room .
below them flowed the clear , green water of the Gluckthal And still nobody said a word .
when he had gone , the prince threw himself at the king 's feet , crying :
now , Benson , William , and Thomas brought in the coffee , but the queen took no notice .
the tail is like the iron handle of a pump , but the horns are genuine .
London , @number@
the ambassador bowed .
oh , yes ; your man said he had killed the creature in a garden , quite near Gluckstein .
her heart is buried , if I may say so , with poor Alphonso .
on this her majesty grew more indignant , if possible .
then we rose , flew through the air at an astonishing pace , and here we are !
the queen accompanied him , remarking that she was sound asleep , but would waken presently .
indeed , they did not see him again , for he was on the balcony with Lady Rosalind .
but he knew that first he had something that must be done .
WHEN they all awakened next morning , their first ideas were confused .
Benson 's evidence was taken first .
he declined to say exactly where or how he killed the Firedrake .
yet one or the other choice seemed certain .
perhaps no girl was ever more strangely beset by misfortune !
Prince Prigio was now called on to speak .
he admitted that the reward was offered for bringing the horns and tail , not for killing the monster .
but were the king 's intentions to go for nothing ?
any fellow with a waggon could bring the horns and tail ; the difficult thing was to kill the monster .
he was ready to do this himself .
was Mr Benson equally ready ?
but poor Molinda merely cried .
here he was , restored to his position indeed , but by no means to the royal favour .
after that the courtiers were very quiet .
eh ! what do you say , you sneak ?
the royal cheque-book , bound in red morocco , was brought in by eight pages , with ink and a pen .
don't you remember that this is your wedding-day ?
my duty is painful , but clear .
a king 's word cannot be broken .
executioner , lead on !
then , turning to the king the prince said :
and here the prince fluttered the cheque for  1 , 000 , 000 in the air .
the prince thought for the space of a flash of lightning .
the king , whose mind did not work very quickly , took some minutes to think over it .
Poor Molinda merely stared ; for she could not imagine what he meant .
WHO was glad to see the prince , if it was not Lady Rosalind ?
and the Firedrake would have made a mouthful of him , then .
but the prince said he had his plan , and he stayed that night at the ambassador 's .
the dead cat lay there , like any common cat .
very soon there was nothing of old black Frank left but ashes !
the light fell on the strange heaps of fairy things talismans and spells .
water from the Fountain of Lions .
he opened the bottle , and poured a few drops of the water on the ashes and the dying embers .
do you know what he meant to do , if he could not find his brothers ?
let every child-guess .
I 've been asleep , and I had a kind of dream that he beat me .
but the pair of us will tackle him .
but I left Enrico somewhere about .
and there was a little heap of grey ashes .
kings are like that .
but when she saw Alphonso and Enrico , she was much pleased , and said :
where have you been hiding ?
the king had some absurd story about your having been killed by a fabulous monster .
Bah ! don't tell me .
now they can't , because they are afraid of you ; for you are so awfully clever .
now , couldn't you take the wishing cap , and wish to be no cleverer than other people ?
the prince thought a minute , then he said :
and he was !
PETER PAN IN KENSINGTON GARDENS
Peter Pan The Thrush 's Nest The Little House Lock-Out Time
still , she could hardly forget such an important thing as the goat .
therefore there was no goat when your grandmother was a little girl .
so David tells me .
well , Peter Pan got out by the window , which had no bars .
they are reputed to know a good deal .
to Peter 's bewilderment he discovered that every fairy he met fled from him .
a band of workmen , who were sawing down a toadstool , rushed away , leaving their tools behind them .
a milkmaid turned her pail upside down and hid in it .
soon the Gardens were in an uproar .
every living thing was shunning him .
not one of them wore anything .
the shock was so great that it drove away his cold .
but Peter hesitated .
you see , he had lost faith .
Peter asked .
all his food was brought to him from the Gardens at Solomon 's orders by the birds .
Peter wore no night-gown now .
but the best thing Solomon had done was to teach him to have a glad heart .
the birds brought him news of how boys and girls play , and wistful tears started in Peter 's eyes .
perhaps you wonder why he did not swim across .
the reason was that he could not swim .
Peter tried it often , but always before he could kick out he sank .
once he really thought he had discovered a way of reaching the Gardens .
after this the birds said that they would help him no more in his mad enterprise .
the Thrush 's Nest
he was a poet ; and they are never exactly grown-up .
you can't think what a lot of babies Solomon has sent to the wrong house .
nor was this all that Peter did to pin the powerful old fellow 's good will .
you must know that Solomon had no intention of remaining in office all his life .
when his stocking was full , Solomon calculated that he would be able to retire on a competency .
Peter now gave him a pound .
he cut it off his bank-note with a sharp stick .
you will see presently why thrushes only were invited .
Kate was her name , and all Kates are saucy .
Solomon did try another drink , and it inspired him .
after this it was most orderly .
at this the thrushes began to fidget , which made Peter tremble for his scheme .
but still , to Peter 's agony , the thrushes were sulky .
all their ordinary business fell into arrears .
you ask them .
Peter was a just master , and paid his work-people every evening .
it must have been a fine sight .
and at last , after months of labor , the boat was finished .
there are also a few feathers here and there , which came off the thrushes while they were building .
when he sails , he sits down , but he stands up to paddle .
I shall tell you presently how he got his paddle .
they are gloomy creatures , and say that cake is not what it was in their young days .
so Peter had to find out many things for himself .
also he found a balloon .
perhaps the most surprising thing he found was a perambulator .
I have promised to tell you also about his paddle .
do you pity Peter Pan for making these mistakes ?
he played without ceasing , while you often waste time by being mad-dog or Mary-Annish .
oh , he was merry .
he was as much merrier than you , for instance , as you are merrier than your father .
sometimes he fell , like a spinning-top , from sheer merriment .
have you seen a greyhound leaping the fences of the Gardens ?
that is how Peter leaps them .
it was the fairies who gave him the chance .
you see the light after Lock-out Time .
but if it was the same one , it was Peter Pan 's light .
heaps of children have seen the fight , so that is nothing .
but Maimie Mannering was the famous one for whom the house was first built .
Maimie was always rather a strange girl , and it was at night that she was strange .
she was four years of age , and in the daytime she was the ordinary kind .
it was also a serene look that contrasted grandly with Tony 's uneasy glances .
it was then that Maimie was terrible .
Tony beseeches her !
she would have loved to have a ticket on her saying that she was his sister .
so she saw that he was waiting for a real good chance .
it read half-past five .
never , Tony felt , could he hope for a better chance .
he had to feel this , for Maimie so plainly felt it for him .
she did a very kind thing ; she took off her scarf and gave it to him !
her face was aglow , but Tony 's was very gloomy .
she had shut her eyes tight and glued them with passionate tears .
when she opened them something very cold ran up her legs and up her arms and dropped into her heart .
it was the stillness of the Gardens .
it was the Closing of the Gates .
she was not in the least cold .
the crutches were the sticks that are tied to young trees and shrubs .
they were quite familiar objects to Maimie , but she had never known what they were for until to-night .
she peeped up the walk and saw her first fairy .
he was a street boy fairy who was running up the walk closing the weeping trees .
Maimie cried indignantly , for she knew what it was to have a dripping umbrella about your ears .
this night the ribbons were red and looked very pretty on the snow .
it was difficult to know what to reply .
fortunately she remembered about her father and the bazaar .
she crept forward until she was quite near it , and then she peeped from behind a tree .
they forget all the steps when they are sad and remember them again when they are merry .
the suspense was awful !
you can't conceive the effect of it .
of course a clergyman has to be present .
and then Maimie went and spoiled everything .
she couldn't help it .
many times she lay down , and then quickly jumped up and ran on again .
her little mind was so entangled in terrors that she no longer knew she was in the Gardens .
she thought the snowflakes falling on her face were her mother kissing her good-night .
but it was the fairies .
every bride has a right to a boon , and what she asked for was Maimie 's life .
they traced Maimie easily by her footprints in the snow .
the house was exactly the size of Maimie and perfectly lovely .
so they gave it ever so many little extra touches , and even then they added more extra touches .
for instance , two of them ran up a ladder and put on a chimney .
but no , for another two ran up the ladder , and tied some smoke to the chimney .
now alas , it was absolutely finished .
oh , dear no !
an ironmonger added a scraper and an old lady ran up with a door-mat .
carpenters arrived with a water-butt , and the painters insisted on painting it .
she stayed a moment behind the others to drop a pleasant dream down the chimney .
the glow-worm fight was waning too , but it was still there .
she knew at once that he must be Peter Pan .
they are not a bit cunning after Lock-out , but until Lock-out , my word !
the reason they were cheated was that she pretended to be something else .
this is one of their best tricks .
most of them really are flowers , but some of them are fairies .
another good plan , which David and I sometimes follow , is to stare them down .
once twenty-four of them had an extraordinary adventure .
they were wheeling a handcart with flowers in it , and were quite surprised to find the bed occupied .
that was the beginning of fairies .
they are frightfully ignorant , and everything they do is make-believe .
they hold their great balls in the open air , in what is called a fairy-ring .
for weeks afterward you can see the ring on the grass .
it is not there when they begin , but they make it by waltzing round and round .
David and I once found a fairy-ring quite warm .
but there is also a way of finding out about the ball before it takes place .
the table-cloth varies according to the seasons , and in May it is made of chestnut-blossom .
for , as you know without my telling you , Peter Pan is the fairies ' orchestra .
the way it was done was this .
his second wish he would hold in reserve .
they tried to dissuade him , and even put obstacles in the way .
so as he persisted in his wish , they had to grant it .
Peter alighted softly on the wooden rail at the foot of the bed and had a good look at her .
he was very glad she was such a pretty mother .
but she looked sad , and he knew why she looked sad .
then she would give such a joyous cry and squeeze him tight .
nothing can be more splendid , he thought , than to have a little boy of your own .
sometimes he looked longingly at his mother , and sometimes he looked longingly at the window .
was he so sure that he would enjoy wearing clothes again ?
he popped off the bed and opened some drawers to have a look at his old garments .
they were still there , but he could not remember how you put them on .
he was about to try one of them on his hand , when he had a great adventure .
it made Peter very miserable , and what do you think was the first thing he did ?
however , as she now seemed comfortable , he again cast looks at the window .
you must not think that he meditated flying away and never coming back .
he had quite decided to be his mother 's boy , but hesitated about beginning to-night .
it was the second wish which troubled him .
also , if he put off asking for his wish too long it might go bad .
he asked himself if he had not been hard-hearted to fly away without saying good-bye to Solomon .
he quite argued with her as if she could hear him .
and in the end , you know , he flew away .
this last reason displeased old Solomon , for it was an encouragement to the birds to procrastinate .
the birds pointed this out to each other , and fell into lazy habits .
the best proof of this was his caution with the fairies .
then they would have said that this was his second wish .
what a glorious boy he had meant to be to her .
but Solomon was right ; there is no second chance , not for most of us .
when we reach the window it is Lock-out Time .
the iron bars are up for life .
End of Project Gutenberg 's Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens , by J M Barrie
THE ADVENTURES OF JERRY MUSKRAT
CHAPTER I : Jerry Muskrat Has A Fright
Jerry Muskrat sat on the edge of the Big Rock and kicked his heels while he tried to remember .
he had been thinking of other things .
I guess he can't fool your Uncle Jerry .
Jerry chuckled .
slowly Jerry slid into the Smiling Pool and swam over towards his favorite log .
Peter Rabbit stuck his head over the edge of the bank .
Peter made a wry face and started for the sweet clover patch .
they seemed very much excited .
and what do you suppose he was thinking about as he swam along ?
as he drew near his favorite log , something tickled his nose .
he stopped swimming to sniff and sniff .
and it seemed to come right straight from the old log .
Jerry began to swim as fast as he could .
in a few minutes he scrambled out on the old log .
then Jerry rubbed his eyes three times to be sure that he saw aright .
there were luscious pieces of carrot lying right in front of him .
now there is nothing that Jerry Muskrat likes better than carrot .
so he didn't stop to wonder how it got there .
he just reached out for the nearest piece and ate it .
then he reached for the next piece and ate it .
then he did a funny little dance just for joy .
when he was quite out of breath , he sat down to rest .
something had Jerry Muskrat by the tail !
Jerry squealed with fright and pain .
he twisted and turned , but he was held fast and could not see what had him .
then he pulled and pulled , until it seemed as if his tail would pull off .
but it didn't .
Jerry stopped crying .
then he remembered that in his fright he didn't even see it .
CHAPTER II : the Convention At The Big Rock
jolly round , red Mr Sun looked down on the Smiling Pool .
what do you think it was ?
why , it was a convention at the Big Rock , the queerest convention he ever had seen .
your papa would say that it was a mass-meeting of angry citizens .
maybe it was , but that is a pretty long term .
little Joe Otter was there , with his father and mother and all his relations even to his third cousins .
then she made a speech .
she stopped and pointed to Jerry 's sore tail .
Mrs Muskrat glared at him , for she had overheard the remark .
then she held up one hand to command silence .
everybody looked at everybody else in dismay .
indeed , I am afraid that they would have blistered .
everybody had a different idea , and nobody would listen to anybody else .
old Mr Mink lost his temper and called Grandpa Otter a meddlesome know-nothing .
it looked very much as if the convention was going to break up in a sad quarrel .
then Mr Coon climbed up on the Big Rock and with a stick pounded for silence .
so it was agreed to call in Great-Grandfather Frog .
CHAPTER III : the Oracle Of The Smiling Pool
you 're a scamp , Jerry Muskrat , and Little Joe Otter is another .
finally he spoke .
you know an oracle is one who is very wise .
he sat very still for a while and gazed straight at jolly , round , red Mr Sun without blinking once .
then he spoke in a very deep voice .
CHAPTER IV : grandfather Frog 's Plan
no one felt safe any more , yet no one knew what to do .
grandfather Frog cleared his throat .
Bobby Coon looked foolish and slipped out of sight behind his mother .
you must use your eyes and your noses .
Billy Mink , you are small and quick , and your eyes are sharp .
you sit here on the Big Rock until you see Farmer Brown 's boy coming .
then go hide in the bulrushes where you can watch him , but where he cannot see you .
follow him everywhere he goes around the Smiling Pool or along the Laughing Brook .
without knowing it , he will show you where every trap is hidden .
that will spring them , and then they will be harmless .
then you can bury them deep in the mud .
CHAPTER V : a Busy Day At The Smiling Pool
everybody was excited .
yes , Sir , everybody in the Smiling Pool and along the Laughing Brook was just bubbling over with excitement .
what was it all about ?
Jerry Muskrat and Little Joe Otter were hunting together .
then little cold shivers ran down his backbone and way out to the tip of his tail .
Just then Little Joe Otter gave a long sniff .
he swam faster than Jerry , and in a minute he shouted in delight .
Little Joe laughed .
a pair of wicked steel jaws flew together and caught Little Joe Otter by a claw of one toe .
if it hadn't been for Jerry 's push , he would have been caught by a foot .
but he left the claw behind and had a dreadfully sore toe as a result .
then they buried the trap deep down in the mud and started to look for another .
CHAPTER VI : Farmer Brown 's Boy Is Puzzled
the Merry Little Breezes saw him coming , and they raced over to the Smiling Pool to tell Billy Mink .
Farmer Brown 's boy was coming to visit his traps .
Billy Mink was sitting on top of the Big Rock .
Billy Mink dived head first into the Smiling Pool .
then he swam over to Jerry Muskrat 's house and warned Jerry .
the first place Farmer Brown 's boy visited was Jerry Muskrat 's old log .
very cautiously he peeped over the edge of the bank .
the trap was gone !
he was sure that at last he had caught Jerry Muskrat .
when he pulled the trap up , it was empty .
Farmer Brown 's boy was disappointed .
then he went on to his next trap ; it was nowhere to be seen .
when he pulled the chain he was so excited that he trembled .
the trap did not come up at once .
he pulled and pulled , and then suddenly up it came , all covered with mud .
in it was one little claw from Little Joe Otter .
very carefully Farmer Brown 's boy set the trap again .
he had stopped whistling by this time , and there was a puzzled frown on his freckled face .
what did it mean ?
could some other boy have found all his traps and played a trick by springing all of them ?
CHAPTER VII : Jerry Muskrat Makes A Discovery
Little Joe Otter had been more full of fun than ever , if that were possible .
finally he called to Little Joe Otter .
Little Joe Otter stopped swimming and stared up at Jerry Muskrat .
Little Joe Otter looked over at the bank .
he stared and stared , but he didn't see anything unusual .
it looked just as it always did .
he told Jerry Muskrat so .
the water is as low as it ever gets , even in the very middle of summer .
it certainly is very queer !
let's go ask Grandfather Frog .
CHAPTER VIII : grandfather Frog Watches His Toes
grandfather Frog sat among the bulrushes on the edge of the Smiling Pool .
over his head Mr Redwing was singing as if his heart would burst with the very joy of springtime .
of course Mr Redwing was happy .
why shouldn't he be ?
grandfather Frog listened .
he nodded his head .
Little by little the smile grew smaller and smaller , until there wasn't any smile .
no , Sir , there wasn't any smile .
instead of looking happy , as he said he felt , Grandfather Frog actually looked unhappy .
at least he tried to make himself think that he didn't believe it .
so he wouldn't believe it now .
Ha ! he knew now what it was !
Ho , ho , ho !
who ever heard of such a thing ?
grandfather Frog didn't answer .
he kept right on watching his toes .
the sun shone down warm and bright , and pretty soon Grandfather Frog 's big goggly eyes began to blink .
then his head began to nod , and then why , then Grandfather Frog fell fast asleep .
he looked down at his toes .
they were not in the water at all !
indeed , the water was a good long jump away .
CHAPTER IX : the Laughing Brook Stops Laughing
there was something wrong .
at first he couldn't think what it was .
suddenly Grandfather Frog realized how still it was .
it was a different kind of stillness from anything he could ever remember .
he missed something , and he couldn't think what it was .
it wasn't the song of Mr Redwing .
there were many times when he didn't hear that .
it was Grand-father Frog gave a startled jump out on to the shore .
it 's the Laughing Brook !
could it be ?
who ever heard of such a thing , excepting when Jack Frost bound the Laughing Brook with hard black ice ?
never once in all that time had the Laughing Brook failed to laugh .
it couldn't be true now !
the Smiling Pool had grown so small that there wasn't enough of it left to smile !
grandfather Frog looked up .
looking down on him from over the edge of the Big Rock was Jerry Muskrat .
you see , Jerry Muskrat 's little world was topsy-turvy .
yes , Sir , Jerry 's world was upside down !
the Smiling Pool , the Laughing Brook , and the Green Meadows are Jerry Muskrat 's little world .
he could see no change in them .
but the Laughing Brook had stopped laughing , and the Smiling Pool had stopped smiling .
it was dreadful !
Jerry looked over to his house , of which he had once been so proud .
he had built it with the doorway under water .
now the Smiling Pool had grown so small that Jerry 's house wasn't in the water at all .
there was the doorway plainly to be seen .
now anybody could find them , for they were plainly to be seen .
Jerry turned towards the Laughing Brook .
CHAPTER XI : five Heads Together
something had to be done .
Jerry Muskrat said so .
grandfather Frog said so .
Billy Mink said so .
Little Joe Otter said so .
even Spotty the Turtle said so .
the Laughing Brook couldn't laugh , and the Smiling Pool couldn't smile .
and yet they all felt that something must be done .
but somehow he didn't want to catch them .
I , for one , don't want to leave the Smiling Pool without finding out what the trouble is .
Jerry Muskrat nodded his head .
grandfather Frog actually smiled .
CHAPTER XII : a Hunt For Trouble
yes , Sir , it certainly was a funny sight .
it was a little procession of five of his friends of the Smiling Pool .
Behind Little Joe was Jerry Muskrat , who is a better traveler in the water than on land .
Behind Jerry was Grandfather Frog , who neither walks nor runs but travels with great jumps .
grandfather Frog watched him until he was nothing but a speck .
but when they got into the Green Forest it was dark and gloomy .
but still they kept on , for they felt that they must find the trouble with the Laughing Brook .
if they found this , they would also find the trouble with the Smiling Pool .
CHAPTER XIV : Spotty The Turtle Keeps Right On Going
four steps , five steps , six steps go !
and every time he said it , he felt better .
anyway , he hoped he was .
but he kept right on going .
and he didn't stop for anything .
he always felt better then , because he can swim faster than he can walk .
Spotty wanted to climb right up beside him and take a nap too , but he didn't .
he just grinned and kept right on going .
while Grandfather Frog slept on .
Spotty would have liked to take just one slide , but he didn't .
who was it ?
why , Billy Mink , to be sure !
Spotty the Turtle didn't waken him .
no , Sir , he wouldn't have believed it .
it made no difference .
Spotty the Turtle was feeling pretty good .
the ones who really counted were Billy Mink and Little Joe Otter and Jerry Muskrat and Grandfather Frog .
Billy Mink had stopped for a nap .
Little Joe Otter had stopped to play .
Jerry Muskrat had stopped to eat .
grandfather Frog had stopped for a sun-nap .
do you wonder that he felt proud and very happy ?
but now Spotty was beginning to wish that some of the others would hurry up .
he wanted to know what they thought .
he wanted to talk it all over .
right before him was the thing which he had found and which puzzled him so .
what was it ?
why , it was a wall .
and he was still wondering when he fell asleep .
CHAPTER XVI : the Pond In The Green Forest
when he had rubbed the last sleepy-wink out of his eyes , he looked again .
there it was , just as he had seen it the night before !
I can't climb , but he can't swim .
instead , he picked out what looked like the easiest place to climb the bank and started up .
my , my , my , it was hard work !
there he stopped to get his breath .
and at last he reached the top of the bank .
then he hurried to see what was behind the strange wall .
what do you think it was ?
why , a pond !
yes , Sir , there was a pond right in the middle of the Green Forest !
trees were coming up right out of the middle of it , but it was a sure enough pond .
who had made the strange pond ?
that is what Billy Mink wanted to know .
so did Little Joe Otter and Jerry Muskrat and Grandfather Frog , when they arrived .
of course some one had made it .
Spotty the Turtle had known that as soon as he had seen the strange pond .
it was to stop the water from running down the Laughing Brook .
there was nothing else for it to do .
Spotty felt very proud when he had thought that out all by himself .
grandfather Frog shook his head .
still Grandfather Frog shook his head , as if he didn't agree .
Billy Mink ran along the top of the dam and down the back side .
he looked it all over with those sharp little eyes of his .
but if they didn't do it , who did ?
CHAPTER XVIII : Jerry Muskrat 's Big Cousin
was there ever such a muddle ?
who is there will solve the riddle ?
here was the Laughing Brook laughing no longer .
here was the Smiling Pool smiling no longer .
here was a brand new pond deep in the Green Forest .
of course you 've got a big cousin in the North .
Jerry had to admit that it was true that he didn't know anything about that big cousin .
Jerry asked .
why , just look at that great tree trunk at the bottom !
no one but Farmer Brown or Farmer Brown 's boy could ever have dragged that there .
Billy Mink sometimes is very disrespectful to Grandfather Frog .
now he suddenly began to laugh .
CHAPTER XIX : Jerry Muskrat Has A Busy Day
it was very queer .
the more they thought about it , the queerer it seemed .
they looked this way , and they looked that way .
grandfather Frog scratched his head thoughtfully and looked a long time at the dam of logs and sticks and mud .
then his big mouth widened in a big smile .
you see , it gave him all of the real work to do .
but almost right away he found trouble .
yes , Sir , Jerry had hardly begun before he found real trouble .
it was hard work , the hardest kind of hard work .
CHAPTER XX : Jerry Has A Dreadful Disappointment
but he was happy .
yes , indeed , Jerry was happy .
he could hear the Laughing Brook beginning to laugh again .
it was because he had worked so hard all day that he was going to sleep now .
but there wasn't any pleasant murmur .
there wasn't any sound at all .
Jerry began to wonder if he really was awake after all .
first he carefully examined it from the Laughing Brook side .
then he dived down under water on the other side .
Jerry shook his head , as he slowly climbed out of the water .
it is filled with sticks and mud that somebody has put there .
CHAPTER XXI : Jerry Muskrat Keeps Watch
that had been enough for Jerry .
he hadn't tried again .
instead he had made up his mind that he would find out who was playing such a trick on him .
Billy Mink and Little Joe Otter had given up in disgust and started for the Big River .
so Jerry Muskrat sat alone and watched .
the black shadows crept farther and farther across the pond and grew blacker and blacker .
Jerry had sat there a long time without moving .
he was listening and watching .
Jerry knew that it was made by some one swimming .
then Jerry made out the head of the swimmer .
suddenly all the anger left Jerry .
he didn't have room for anger ; a great fear had crowded it out .
the head was bigger than that of any Muskrat Jerry had ever seen .
it was bigger than the head of any of Billy Mink 's relatives .
Jerry held his breath as the stranger swam past and then climbed out on the dam .
Jerry had never seen such a tail .
suddenly the big stranger turned and looked straight at Jerry .
Jerry was too frightened to speak .
CHAPTER XXII : Jerry Loses His Fear
it 's true .
it 's the truest thing that ever was .
if you don't believe it , you just go ask Jerry Muskrat .
he 'll tell you it 's true , and Jerry knows .
you see , it 's this way : words are more than just sounds .
oh , my , yes !
they are little messengers , and once they have been sent out , you can't call them back .
just take the ease of Jerry Muskrat .
so he sat with chattering teeth , too frightened to even try to run .
then the big stranger had spoken .
Jerry didn't know just what to say .
at last he made up his mind to tell the whole story .
CHAPTER XXIII : Paddy The Beaver Does A Kind Deed
Jerry 's eyes sparkled as a brand new thought came to him .
Paddy the Beaver shook his head .
besides , I wouldn't feel at all safe in the Smiling Pool .
you see , I always live in the woods .
no , I couldn't possibly come down to live in the Smiling Pool .
Jerry wondered how he could stay under water so long without air .
all the time Paddy was just fooling him .
what do you think that sound was ?
Paddy the Beaver had climbed up beside him , and his eyes were twinkling .
I didn't know anything about the Smiling Pool , you know .
you see , I don't like to be troubled myself , and so I don't want to trouble other people .
it was Grandfather Frog .
Paddy the Beaver looked thoughtful .
CHAPTER XXIV : a Merry Home-Going
grandfather Frog said he was too .
and Spotty was , the others knew .
in the dam was a great hole made by Paddy himself .
and there was one more who laughed .
who was it ?
Spotty laughed good-naturedly .
pretty soon he was puffing and blowing and dropping farther and farther behind .
there was Grandfather Frog just tumbling head first over a little waterfall .
Spotty climbed out on a rock and waited .
why , he took Grandfather Frog right on his back and started on again .
so he and Paddy sat down to wait .
CHAPTER XXV : Paddy The Beaver Decides To Stay
you see their feet were once more in the cool water .
Paddy the Beaver looked back at the great black shadow which he knew was the Green Forest .
Jerry stared at Paddy as if he didn't understand .
Paddy laughed .
Jerry looked as disappointed as he felt .
no one must know that I am there .
he has them every day .
THE ADVENTURES OF DANNY MEADOW MOUSE
BOOKS BY THORNTON W BURGESS
THE ADVENTURES OF REDDY FOX @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF JOHNNY CHUCK @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF PETER COTTONTAIL @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF UNC ' BILLY POSSUM @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF MR . MOCKER @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF JERRY MUSKRAT @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF DANNY MEADOW MOUSE @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF GRANDFATHER FROG @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF CHATTERER , THE RED SQUIRREL @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF SAMMY JAY @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF BUSTER BEAR @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF OLD MR . TOAD @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF PRICKLY PORKY @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF OLD MAN COYOTE @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF PADDY THE BEAVER @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF BOBBY COON @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF JIMMY SKUNK @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF BOB WHITE @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF OL ' MISTAH BUZZARD
HAPPY JACK @number@
BURGESS TRADE QUADDIES MARK
THE ADVENTURES OF DANNY MEADOW MOUSE
BY THORNTON W BURGESS
BOSTON LITTLE , BROWN , AND COMPANY @number@
copyright , 1915 , BY LITTLE , BROWN , AND COMPANY .
CHAPTER PAGE I DANNY MEADOW MOUSE IS WORRIED @date@ .
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE AND HIS SHORT TAIL @date@ .
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE PLAYS HIDE AND SEEK @date@ .
OLD GRANNY FOX TRIES FOR DANNY MEADOW MOUSE @date@ . WHAT HAPPENED ON THE GREEN MEADOWS @date@ .
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE REMEMBERS AND REDDY FOX FORGETS @date@ .
OLD GRANNY FOX TRIES A NEW PLAN @date@ .
BROTHER NORTH WIND PROVES A FRIEND @number@ IX .
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE IS CAUGHT AT LAST @number@ X . a STRANGE RIDE AND HOW IT ENDED @number@ XI .
PETER RABBIT GETS A FRIGHT @number@ XII .
THE OLD BRIAR-PATCH HAS A NEW TENANT @number@ XIII .
PETER RABBIT VISITS THE PEACH ORCHARD @number@ XIV .
FARMER BROWN SETS A TRAP @number@ XV .
PETER RABBIT IS CAUGHT IN A SNARE @number@ XVI .
PETER RABBIT'S HARD JOURNEY @number@ XVII .
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE BECOMES WORRIED @number@ XVIII .
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE RETURNS A KINDNESS @number@ XIX .
PETER RABBIT AND DANNY MEADOW MOUSE LIVE HIGH @number@ XX .
TIMID DANNY MEADOW MOUSE @number@ XXI .
AN EXCITING DAY FOR DANNY MEADOW MOUSE @number@ XXII .
WHAT HAPPENED NEXT TO DANNY MEADOW MOUSE @number@ XXIII .
REDDY FOX GROWS CURIOUS @number@ XXIV .
REDDY FOX LOSES HIS TEMPER @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF DANNY MEADOW MOUSE
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE IS WORRIED
no , it wasn't that .
Danny had learned his lesson , and Reddy would never catch him again .
it wasn't that he was all alone with no one to play with .
Danny was rather glad that he was alone .
the fact is , Danny Meadow Mouse was worried .
and when you make yourself uncomfortable , you are almost sure to make every one around you equally uncomfortable .
it was so with Danny Meadow Mouse .
and what do you think was the matter with Danny Meadow Mouse ?
why , he was worrying because his tail is short .
yes , Sir , that is all that ailed Danny Meadow Mouse that bright morning .
you know some people let their looks make them miserable .
and Danny Meadow Mouse was just as foolish in worrying because his tail is short .
it is short !
it certainly is all of that !
if it hadn't been for one of the Merry Little Breezes , Danny would have been caught .
it 's a bad , bad habit .
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE AND HIS SHORT TAIL
ALL Danny Meadow Mouse could think about was his short tail .
instead of playing in the sunshine as he used to do , he sat and sulked .
pretty soon his friends began to pass without stopping .
finally one day old Mr Toad sat down in front of Danny and began to ask questions .
Danny fidgeted , and old Mr Toad looked up at jolly , round , red Mr Sun and winked .
Danny hung his head .
Ha ! ha ! ha !
Danny Meadow Mouse , I 'm ashamed of you !
for a minute Danny didn't know just what to say .
old Mr Toad just laughed .
of course not .
what a sight it would be !
you see you need to be slim and trim and handsome to carry a long tail well .
look at me .
I 'm homely .
some folks call me ugly to look at .
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE PLAYS HIDE AND SEEK
Danny liked the snow .
yes , Sir , Danny Meadow Mouse liked the snow .
he just loved to dig in it and make tunnels .
it was great fun !
out of this he could peep at the white world , and he could get the fresh cold air .
now Reddy Fox knew all about those doorways and who made them .
Reddy 's mouth watered , and he stole forward more softly than ever .
Danny Meadow Mouse had disappeared !
Reddy Fox jumped just the same and began to dig as fast as he could make his paws go .
he could smell Danny Meadow Mouse and that made him almost frantic .
and of course Danny Meadow Mouse wasn't there .
after a while Reddy Fox grew tired of this kind of a game and tried another plan .
the next time he saw Danny Meadow Mouse stick his head out , Reddy pretended not to see him .
he closed his eyes .
Danny watched him for a long time .
then he chuckled to himself and dropped out of sight .
so he waited and waited and waited .
there was Danny Meadow Mouse at another little doorway laughing at him !
OLD GRANNY FOX TRIES FOR DANNY MEADOW MOUSE
but Danny never let himself think about this .
finally Reddy had given up in disgust and gone off muttering angrily to try to find something else for dinner .
Danny had sat up on the snow and watched him go .
in his funny little squeaky voice Danny shouted :
I 'm just as smart and twice as spry .
that night Reddy Fox told old Granny Fox all about how he had tried to catch Danny Meadow Mouse .
granny listened with her head cocked on one side .
when Reddy told how fat Danny Meadow Mouse was , her mouth watered .
then he peeped out of one of his little doorways hidden in a clump of tall grass .
she knew that she could tell by the smell which one he had been at last .
finally she came straight towards the tall bunch of grass .
Danny ducked down and scurried along one of his little tunnels .
he heard Granny Fox sniff at the doorway he had just left .
suddenly something plunged down through the snow right at his very heels .
WHAT HAPPENED ON THE GREEN MEADOWS
THICK and fast things were happening to Danny Meadow Mouse down on the snow-covered Green Meadows .
rather , they were almost happening .
he hadn't minded when Reddy Fox all alone tried to catch him .
but now it was different .
granny Fox wasn't so easily fooled as Reddy Fox .
Just Granny alone would have made the game dangerous for Danny Meadow Mouse .
yes , Sir , that is just how it seemed .
she heard Danny Meadow Mouse running along one of his little tunnels under the snow .
old Granny Fox dived right into the snow and right through into the tunnel of Danny Meadow Mouse .
her two black paws actually touched Danny 's tail .
he was glad then that it was no longer .
then she ran ahead a little way over the snow , listening as before .
into the snow she went again .
granny Fox blew the snow out of her nose .
perhaps that was because Reddy is very selfish himself .
Poor Danny Meadow Mouse !
he had never been so frightened in all his life .
old Granny Fox sat and listened and listened and listened , and wondered where Danny Meadow Mouse was .
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE REMEMBERS AND REDDY FOX FORGETS
Reddy Fox grinned , then licked his chops and smacked his lips .
and down underneath in the little tunnels he had made , Danny Meadow Mouse was running for his life .
he was getting tired , just as old Granny Fox had said he would .
he was almost out of breath .
oh , dear !
the old fence-post lay on the ground and was hollow .
fastened to it were long wires with sharp cruel barbs .
why hadn't he thought of it before ?
it must have been because he was too frightened to think .
his sharp ears could hear Danny Meadow Mouse running almost underneath him .
oh , dear !
that wasn't the voice of Danny Meadow Mouse .
oh , my , no !
it was the voice of Reddy Fox .
yes , Sir , it was the voice of Reddy Fox .
OLD GRANNY FOX TRIES A NEW PLAN
OLD Granny Fox kept thinking about Danny Meadow Mouse .
old Granny Fox is very smart .
if nothing frightens him , he 'll keep going a little farther and a little farther from that old fence-post .
you see he had a sore foot .
that meant that he must depend upon Granny Fox to help him get enough to eat .
it all came out just as Granny Fox had thought it would .
Danny Meadow Mouse did get tired of staying in the old fence-post .
hidden on the edge of the Green Forest , Granny Fox watched him .
she looked up at the sky , and she knew that it was going to snow again .
behind Granny Fox limped Reddy Fox , grumbling to himself .
then she told Reddy to cover her up with the new soft snow .
Reddy did as he was told , but all the time he grumbled .
BROTHER NORTH WIND PROVES A FRIEND
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE had seen nothing of old Granny Fox or Reddy Fox for several days .
but every time he did this , Danny used a different doorway .
but he hadn't forgotten , as Granny Fox had hoped he would .
no , indeed , Danny Meadow Mouse hadn't forgotten .
he was too wise for that .
yes , Sir , it was closed .
in fact , there wasn't any doorway .
he looked this way and he looked that way .
then he sat and studied everything around him a long , long time .
it was a beautiful white world , a very beautiful white world .
there isn't any little bush or old log or anything underneath it .
but all the time Danny Meadow Mouse kept studying and studying that little heap of snow .
it was just the color of the cloak old Granny Fox wears .
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE IS CAUGHT AT LAST
now you see me !
now you don't !
think you 'll catch me , but you won't !
you know singing is nothing in the world but happiness in the heart making itself heard .
oh , yes , Danny Meadow Mouse was happy !
why shouldn't he have been ?
hadn't he proved himself smarter than old Granny Fox ?
that is something to make any one happy .
but with all his smartness , Danny forgot .
yes , Sir , Danny forgot one thing .
he forgot to watch up in the sky .
dear me , dear me !
forgetting is a dreadful habit .
if nobody ever forgot , there wouldn't be nearly so much trouble in the world .
no , indeed , there wouldn't be nearly so much trouble .
and Danny Meadow Mouse forgot .
suddenly he thought of Danny Meadow Mouse .
now Hooty the Owl can fly without making the teeniest , weeniest sound .
it seems as if he just drifts along through the air like a great shadow .
now he spread his great wings and floated out over the meadows .
hooty 's great eyes grew brighter and fiercer .
without a sound he floated through the moonlight until he was just over Danny Meadow Mouse .
too late Danny looked up .
Hooty the Owl reached down with his long cruel claws and Danny Meadow Mouse was caught at last !
a STRANGE RIDE AND HOW IT ENDED
it had seemed to him that it must be very wonderful and beautiful .
sometimes he had wished that he had wings and could go up in the air and look down .
but Danny could see nothing wonderful or beautiful now .
everything was terrible , for you see Danny Meadow Mouse wasn't flying himself .
he was being carried .
hooty 's great cruel claws hurt him dreadfully !
but it wasn't the pain that was the worst .
it wasn't the pain !
as he flew , Hooty kept chuckling , and Danny Meadow Mouse knew just what those chuckles meant .
they meant that Hooty was thinking of the good meal he was going to have .
but he couldn't keep them shut .
no , Sir , he couldn't keep them shut !
he just had to keep opening them .
there was the dear old Green Forest drawing nearer and nearer .
the only change was in Danny Meadow Mouse himself , and it was all because he had forgotten .
suddenly Danny began to wriggle and struggle .
but Danny only struggled harder than ever .
it seemed to him that Hooty wasn't holding him as tightly as at first .
he felt one of Hooty 's claws slip .
it tore his coat and hurt dreadfully , but it slipped !
Danny kicked , squirmed and twisted , and twisted , squirmed , and kicked .
Hooty had started down now , so as to get a better hold .
Danny gave one more kick and then he felt himself falling !
Danny Meadow Mouse shut his eyes and held his breath .
down , down , down he fell .
it seemed to him that he never would strike the snow-covered meadows !
but it seemed a terrible distance to Danny .
PETER RABBIT GETS A FRIGHT
the night before he had had a narrow escape from old Granny Fox over in the Green Forest .
Peter was just dozing off when he heard the cheeriest little voice in the world .
I see you !
Peter began to smile even before he could get his eyes open and look up .
there , right over his head , was Tommy Tit hanging head down from a nodding old bramble .
find it much the better way To be happy all the day .
it 's a fine orchard , Peter Rabbit , a fine orchard .
I go there every morning for my breakfast .
Peter looked puzzled .
and with that Tommy Tit had said good-by and flitted away .
the thought of those young peach-trees made his mouth water .
it startled Peter so that he nearly tumbled over backward .
yes , there was no doubt about it there at his feet lay Danny Meadow Mouse !
THE OLD BRIAR-PATCH HAS A NEW TENANT
he could hear some one talking .
Danny opened his eyes again .
it was Peter Rabbit .
Danny Meadow Mouse shuddered .
the very last thing he could remember was Hooty 's fierce scream of rage and disappointment .
Danny shuddered again .
then a new thought came to him .
he must get out of sight !
Hooty might catch him again !
Danny tried to scramble to his feet .
keep still , Danny Meadow Mouse .
Peter Rabbit looked thoughtful .
if you went at night , Hooty the Owl might catch you again .
I tell you what , you stay right here !
you know I don't care for them myself .
I 'm lonesome sometimes , living here all alone .
Danny Meadow Mouse looked at Peter gratefully .
PETER RABBIT VISITS THE PEACH ORCHARD
Danny Meadow Mouse watched him go and shook his head in disapproval .
all in good time Peter came to the young orchard .
it was just as Tommy Tit the Chickadee had told him .
Peter hopped up to the nearest peach-tree and nibbled the bark .
he went all around the tree , stripping off the bark .
he stood up on his long hind legs and reached as high as he could .
then he dug the snow away and ate down as far as he could .
when he could get no more tender young bark , he went on to the next tree .
now though Peter didn't know it , he was in the very worst kind of mischief .
oh , it was the very worst kind of mischief that Peter Rabbit was in .
right at his heels , his great mouth wide open , was Bowser the Hound .
FARMER BROWN SETS A TRAP
PETER RABBIT was in trouble .
where was he ?
why , in the stone wall on one side of Farmer Brown 's young peach orchard .
now it was daylight , and Peter knew it would not be safe to put his nose outside .
Peter grew so curious that he forgot all about his troubles and how far away from home he was .
he could hardly wait for night to come so that he might see what they had been doing .
Farmer Brown was smiling now .
can it be me ?
he waited just as long as he could .
so Peter hurried over to the nearest tree .
Peter couldn't get so much as a nibble of the delicious bark .
Peter looked around .
everything was quiet .
he would try the next tree , and then he would go home .
but the next tree was wrapped with wire .
it was protected just like the others .
then Peter forgot all about going home .
all he saw was that delicious bark on the young peach-tree .
PETER RABBIT IS CAUGHT IN A SNARE
instead of doing this , he fell flat on his face .
the thing on his hind leg had tightened and held him fast .
finally he grew too tired to kick any more and lay still .
then Peter knew what it was .
it was wire !
big tears rolled down Peter 's cheeks .
what should he do ?
what could he do ?
for a long time Peter sat in the moonlight , trying to think of something to do .
at last he thought of the stake to which that hateful wire was fastened .
the stake was of wood , and Peter 's teeth would cut wood .
Poor Peter Rabbit !
there wasn't time to finish cutting off the stake .
what could he do ?
just as before , he was thrown flat on his face .
he scrambled to his feet and jumped again , only to be thrown just as before .
Just then Bowser the Hound saw him and opening his mouth sent forth a great roar .
Peter made one more frantic jump .
snap ! the stake had broken !
Peter pitched forward on his head , turned a somersault , and scrambled to his feet .
he was free at last !
PETER RABBIT'S HARD JOURNEY
and Peter also knew too that by this time Hooty the Owl would probably have caught his dinner .
so would old Granny Fox and Reddy Fox .
Bowser the Hound would be too sleepy to be on the watch .
so Peter waited and waited .
but the old wall kept Peter safe , and Bowser gave it up .
it was on account of this that Peter was waiting for Mrs Moon to put out her light .
Peter waited a little longer , listening with all his might .
everything was still .
then Peter crept out of the old stone wall .
right away trouble began .
it made the tears come .
but Peter shut his teeth hard , and turning back , he worked until he got the stake free .
then he started on once more , dragging the stake after him .
oh , dear !
Danny Meadow Mouse was sitting on the edge of it anxiously watching for him .
Peter crawled up and started to creep in along one of his little private paths .
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE BECOMES WORRIED
the seeds in these were very nice indeed , and Danny always felt especially good after a meal of them .
but Peter had done more than that .
he had brought good things to eat while Danny was too weak and sore to get things for himself .
oh , Peter had been very good indeed to him !
but now , as Danny limped around , he was not happy .
no , Sir , he was not happy .
the truth is , Danny Meadow Mouse was worried .
it was a different kind of worry from any he had known before .
he was worrying about Peter Rabbit .
he often was gone all night , but never all day too .
Danny was sure that something had happened to Peter .
he thought of how he had begged Peter not to go up to Farmer Brown 's young peach orchard .
why hadn't he come home ?
it was now the second night since Peter Rabbit had gone away .
Danny Meadow Mouse couldn't sleep at all .
he rubbed his eyes and looked again .
it was no , it couldn't be yes , it was Peter Rabbit !
but what was the matter with him ?
something was following him .
no , Peter was dragging something after him .
then Danny saw what the trouble was .
Peter had been caught in a snare !
Danny hurried over to Peter and tears stood in his eyes .
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE RETURNS A KINDNESS
THERE Peter Rabbit lay .
but now he could drag it no farther , for it had caught in the bramble bushes .
so Peter just dropped on the snow and cried .
yes , Sir , he cried !
and then it was so dreadful to actually get home and be stopped right on your very own door-step .
so Peter just lay there and cried .
Just supposing old Granny Fox should come poking around and find Peter caught that way !
do you wonder that Peter cried ?
it was Danny Meadow Mouse .
and Danny was singing in a funny little voice .
use your wit !
use your wit !
just remember that to-morrow Never brings a single sorrow .
Peter smiled in spite of himself .
that 's right !
smile away , Peter Rabbit .
your troubles , Sir , are all to-day .
and between you and me , I don't believe they are so bad as you think they are .
he was .
Danny Meadow Mouse had set out to gnaw that piece of stake all to splinters .
so there he sat and gnawed and gnawed and gnawed .
Farmer Brown 's boy was almost there when Danny stopped gnawing .
PETER RABBIT AND DANNY MEADOW MOUSE LIVE HIGH
in spite of his pain , Peter was curious .
finally he called Danny Meadow Mouse .
he had tried to cut the wire with his big teeth , but he couldn't do it .
but Danny wasn't easily discouraged , and he kept working and working at it .
once he thought he felt it slip a little .
he said nothing , but kept right on working .
pretty soon he was sure that it slipped .
he went right on working harder than ever .
but Peter knew what they were now .
Danny Meadow Mouse thought this great fun and a great joke on Farmer Brown 's boy .
and all the time Farmer Brown 's boy wondered and wondered why he couldn't catch Peter Rabbit .
TIMID DANNY MEADOW MOUSE
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE is timid .
everybody says so , and what everybody says ought to be so .
still , in this case , it is quite likely that everybody is right .
Danny Meadow Mouse is timid .
ask Peter Rabbit .
ask Sammy Jay .
ask Striped Chipmunk .
they will all tell you the same thing .
of course this isn't true .
Sammy Jay likes to say mean things .
it isn't fair to Danny Meadow Mouse to believe what Sammy Jay says .
now , I don't know what it is .
I mind my own business , and no one ever bothers me .
Danny turned his head to hide a smile .
if old Mr Toad wasn't showing fear , no one ever did .
besides , it keeps my wits sharp all the time .
by the way , see how queerly that grass is moving over there .
AN EXCITING DAY FOR DANNY MEADOW MOUSE
DANNY MEADOW MOUSE started along one of his private little paths very early one morning .
he had been thinking about that seed for some time and waiting for it to get ripe .
he had gone only a little way when he thought he heard a queer rustling behind him .
he stopped to listen .
there it was again , and it certainly was right in the path behind him !
he didn't need to be told who was making it .
there was only one who could make such a sound as that Mr Blacksnake .
he was almost out of breath when he reached the post and scurried into the open end .
he knew by the sound of the rustling that Mr Blacksnake was right at his heels .
he kept right on along the little path .
for just a minute he paused .
and Danny was right .
WHAT HAPPENED NEXT TO DANNY MEADOW MOUSE
DANNY is so used to narrow escapes that he doesn't waste any time thinking about them .
he could see no one anywhere .
that is why Danny hadn't seen him .
with a satisfied chuckle , he spread his broad wings and started after Danny .
Danny gave a frightened squeak , for he thought that surely this time he would be caught .
but he didn't mean to give up without trying to escape .
would he be able to reach it ?
there was a hole in it !
with another frightened squeak , Danny dived into the opening just in time .
he had dropped it there on his way home .
he tried to pick the can up , but he couldn't get hold of it .
but he wisely decided that the best thing he could do was to stay there for a while .
REDDY FOX GROWS CURIOUS
with that Danny curled up in the old tomato can .
but it wasn't meant that Danny should have that nap .
why , Reddy Fox !
could it be ?
presently a little whiff of scent blew into the old tomato can .
then Danny knew it was Reddy Fox .
if the truth were to be known , it was curiosity that had brought Reddy up there .
as he drew near , he crept very softly until he reached the very edge of the open patch .
there he stopped and looked sharply all over it .
there was nothing to be seen but an old tomato can .
Reddy had seen it many times before .
it 's very queer .
he had found the scent left by Danny Meadow Mouse when he ran across towards the old tomato can .
right up to the old can Reddy 's nose led him .
he knew that Danny must be hiding in there .
REDDY FOX LOSES HIS TEMPER
REDDY FOX had caught Danny Meadow Mouse , and yet he hadn't caught him .
he was in no hurry .
Reddy grinned until he showed all his long teeth .
Reddy always is a bully , especially when his victim is a great deal smaller and weaker than himself .
Danny didn't say anything .
Danny didn't answer .
the fact is , he was too frightened to answer .
besides , he didn't know what he could do .
so he just kept still , but his bright eyes never once left Reddy 's cruel face .
for all his fright , Danny was doing some hard thinking .
he had been in tight places before and had learned never to give up hope .
something might happen to frighten Reddy away .
Danny promptly bit it so hard that Reddy yelped with pain and pulled it out in a hurry .
presently he tried again with the other paw .
he hit the old can , and away it rolled with Danny Meadow Mouse inside .
this seemed to make Reddy angrier than ever .
he sprang after it and hit it again .
like a flash Danny was out and scurrying along the little path .
under this he was safe .
Danny has had many more adventures , but there isn't room to tell about them here .
they are told in the next book .
Transcriber 's Note : obvious punctuation errors repaired .
Lucy Maud Montgomery Short Stories , @number@ to @number@
she achieved international fame in her lifetime , putting Prince Edward Island and Canada on the world literary map .
she published some @number@ short stories and poems and twenty novels before her death in @number@
the Project Gutenberg collection of her short stories was gathered from numerous sources and is presented in chronological publishing order :
short Stories @number@ to @number@
a Patent Medicine Testimonial
Murray is like dear old Dad ; he gets discouraged rather easily .
uncle Abimelech doesn't like the Fosters .
but I 'm glad I take after them .
only I wouldn't have minded that very much .
I just wanted to go to college because Murray did .
I couldn't be separated from him .
we were twins and had always been together .
as for Uncle Abimelech 's mind , I knew that he never had been known to change it .
I knew I would have to depend on my own thinkers .
if I don't come down in time to get tea , get it yourself .
down below I could see Murray in a corner of the yard , pottering over a sick duck .
he had set its broken leg and was nursing it back to health .
I could see all the dear old fields and the spring meadow and the beech woods in the southwest corner .
and it wasn't our own , anyhow .
it all belonged to Uncle Abimelech .
father and Murray and I had always lived here together .
father 's health broke down during his college course .
anybody with Foster in him would be that .
to go back to Father .
mother died before we could remember , so Murray and Dad and I were everything to each other .
we were very happy too , although we were bossed by Uncle Abimelech more or less .
but he meant it well and Father didn't mind .
I hurried over it in my thinking-out .
we were literally as poor as church mice and even poorer , for at least they get churches rent-free .
Murray 's heart was set on going to college and studying medicine .
uncle Abimelech is rich , and Murray and I are his nearest relatives .
but he simply wouldn't listen to Murray 's plan .
it was not that Uncle Abimelech was miserly or that he grudged us assistance .
he was ready to deal generously by us , but it must be in his own way .
his way was this .
but Murray couldn't be a farmer , that was all there was to it .
and in the end he said ,
but he gets no help from me .
I gave up arguing with him .
I knew it was no use anyway .
I thought it all over in the garret .
I had eaten up all the apples I had brought with me and I felt flabby and disconsolate .
I picked up the paper my apples had been wrapped in and looked it over gloomily .
then I saw something , and Uncle Abimelech was delivered into my hand .
when Uncle Abimelech had gone I went down to Murray .
I think it will quench Uncle Abimelech , but you must have perfect confidence in me .
remember that your role is to lie low and say nothing , like Brer Rabbit .
Alloway 's Anodyne Liniment is pretty good stuff , isn't it , Murray ?
now leave me , minion .
Murray grinned and went .
I wrote a letter , took it down to the office , and mailed it .
for a week there was nothing more to do .
the Melvilles are a very old family .
I don't think the Melvilles ever did anything worth recording in history since .
but Uncle Abimelech pinned his family pride to Roger de Melville .
at the end of a week I got an answer to my letter .
it was what I wanted .
I wrote again and sent a parcel .
in three weeks ' time the storm burst .
one day I saw Uncle Abimelech striding up the lane .
he had a big newspaper clutched in his hand .
I turned to Murray , who was poring over a book of anatomy in the corner .
there is going to be a battle royal between us .
then Uncle Abimelech stalked in .
he was purple with rage .
old Roger de Melville himself never could have looked fiercer .
no use in having your name on the roll of Battle Abbey if you can't stand your ground .
Murray got up and peered over .
then he whistled .
he started to say something but remembered just in time and stopped .
but he did give me a black look .
I looked at the paper and began to laugh .
we did look so funny , Murray and I , in that advertisement .
it took up the whole page .
below was the letter I had written to the Alloway Anodyne Liniment folks .
it was a florid testimonial to the virtues of their liniment .
but that is neither here nor there .
that liniment company pays for those testimonials and photos , you know .
they gave me fifty dollars for the privilege of publishing them .
think of Sir Roger de Melville and a patent medicine advertisement !
I quaked a bit .
if Murray should fail me !
but Murray was true-blue .
uncle Abimelech glared at us .
I 'm merely a pretty good businesswoman .
you won't help Murray to go to college , so I must .
after Uncle Abimelech had gone , still in a towering rage , Murray remonstrated .
but I reminded him of his promise and he had to succumb .
I say it must .
something will have to be done with you , that 's certain .
uncle Abimelech shrugged his shoulders .
we wipe off all scores and begin afresh .
but there must be no more such doings .
I nodded dutifully .
after everything had been arranged and Uncle Abimelech had gone I looked at Murray .
Murray twinkled .
Fir Cottage , Plover Sands .
we arrived here late last night , and all day Aunt Martha has kept her room to rest .
aunt Martha always calls me Marguer ite , with an accent of strong disapproval .
she does not like my name , but she gives me the full benefit of it .
Connie Shelmardine used to call me Rita .
Connie was my roommate last year at the Seminary .
we correspond occasionally , but Aunt Martha frowns on it .
aunt is a determined and inveterate man-hater .
she has no particular love for women , indeed , and trusts nobody but Mrs Saxby , her maid .
aunt Martha would be in danger of taking a fit if she ever saw me talking to a man .
we have come down to spend a few weeks at Fir Cottage .
this sort of life is decidedly dull .
the program of every day is the same .
Mrs Blake has lent me , for shore use , a very fine spyglass which she owns .
we see few people , although there is a large summer hotel about a mile up the beach .
our shore haunts do not seem to be popular with its guests .
they prefer the rocks .
this suits Aunt Martha admirably .
I may also add that it doesn't suit her niece but that is a matter of small importance .
he was lounging on a rock , looking dreamily out to sea .
every morning he has reappeared on the same spot .
he seems to be a solitary individual , given to prowling by himself .
I shall have to cease looking at the Unknown , I am afraid .
this morning I turned my glass , as usual , on his pet haunt .
I dropped my glass and smiled in a mixture of dismay and amusement .
I banished it immediately , shut my glass up and did not touch it again .
something has happened at last .
today I went to the shore as usual , fully resolved not even to glance in the forbidden direction .
Connie taught it to me last year , so that we might hold communication across the schoolroom .
now I knew whom he resembled .
it was too wonderful .
I could only stare dazedly back through my glass .
I gasped !
suppose he were to come ? what would happen ?
so I picked myself meekly up , shook the sand from my dress , and followed my good aunt dutifully home .
then I reached for my glass .
Mr Shelmardine and I had quite a conversation .
under the circumstances there could be no useless circumlocution in our exchange of ideas .
I had to go home then .
as we went Mrs Saxby complimented me on my good colour .
he is to be at the beach for some weeks longer .
don't be alarmed .
I suppose he will .
he seems to be very determined .
of course , I cannot prevent him from promenading on our beach all day if he chooses .
but then if he did , Aunt would speedily leave him in sole possession of it .
I wonder what I had better wear tomorrow .
yesterday morning Aunt Martha was serene and unsuspicious .
and we moved .
I felt my heart beating to my very finger tips .
aunt had turned her back on him .
I ventured on a look .
Home we came accordingly .
I mean to deliver it personally .
now , I do go regularly to church at home .
Needless to say , I am not allowed to go either .
now , everything depends on the sort of humour Aunt is in in the morning .
I flew upstairs and pulled my prettiest dress out of my trunk .
it is a delicate , shimmering grey stuff with pearly tints about it .
every time I get anything new , Aunt Martha and I have a battle royal over it .
there is always a certain flavour of old-fashionedness about my gowns and hats .
that is only Connie 's view of it , however .
then I borrowed a hymn book from Mrs Blake and ran down to undergo Aunt Martha 's scrutiny .
aunt Martha sniffed .
you don't know how much Aunt can express in a sniff .
but I tripped to church like a bird .
the first person I saw there was Mr Shelmardine .
he was sitting right across from me and a smile glimmered in his eyes .
I did not look at him again .
through the service I was subdued enough to have satisfied even Aunt Martha .
when church came out , he waited for me at the entrance to his pew .
the process will be going on when I am fifty .
and she hates men !
Mr Shelmardine frowned and switched the unoffending daisies viciously with his cane .
after a brief silence we began to talk of other things .
he told me how he happened to see me first .
I could see you plainly .
you were reading and had your hat off .
when we reached the lane I held out my hand for the hymnal .
he took my hand and held it , looking at me seriously .
I gasped .
he looked so capable of doing anything he took it into his head to do .
I wriggled my parasol about in the dust uneasily .
I pulled my hand away .
he surrendered my hymnal at last .
I unpinned the whole cluster and handed it to him .
he lifted it until it touched his lips .
as for me , I scuttled up the lane in the most undignified fashion .
at the turn I looked back .
Mr Shelmardine was leaning against the old boat , but he came swiftly across the sand to meet me .
Mr Shelmardine laughed .
I knew I should like Mrs Allardyce , just because Aunt Martha didn't .
we had a delightful stroll .
I never thought of the time until Mr Shelmardine said it was four o'clock .
I cried .
I protested .
we looked at each other for a second .
but Aunt Martha was not awake and I have been to the shore three afternoons since then .
I was there today , and I 'm going tomorrow for a boat sail with Mr Shelmardine and the Allardyces .
but I am afraid the former will do something rash soon .
I asked .
it is all over , and I am the most miserable girl in the world .
I slipped away again this afternoon and went for that boat sail .
we had a lovely time but were rather late getting in , and I hurried home with many misgivings .
aunt Martha met me at the door .
aunt gave me an unutterable look and then followed me up to my room in grim silence .
I have lots of faults , but untruthfulness isn't one of them .
I confessed everything at least , almost everything .
she listened in stony silence .
presently Mrs Saxby came up , looking concerned .
your aunt says that we are to go home on the afternoon train tomorrow .
I just curled up on the bed and cried , while Mrs Saxby packed my trunk .
I will have no chance to explain matters to Mr Shelmardine .
he will just think me a feather-brained flirt .
oh , I am so unhappy !
I am the happiest girl in the world !
that is quite a different strain from yesterday .
we leave Fir Cottage in an hour , but that doesn't matter now .
I meekly followed my grim guardians to the shore and sat dejectedly on my rug while they paced the sand .
Francis was on the rocks .
aunt is very angry .
then I snatched my glass .
his face expressed the direst consternation and dismay .
aunt will never forgive me .
I saw a look of desperate determination cross his face .
if forty Aunt Marthas had swooped down upon me , I could not have torn my eyes from that glass .
you know it .
do you care for me ?
what a situation !
aunt and Mrs Saxby had almost reached the point where they invariably turned .
I shall win the day .
have no fear .
I got up obediently .
I dropped behind them just once before we left the shore .
I suppose I am really engaged to Francis Shelmardine .
and what will Aunt Martha say ?
he had a rather rough face and was flashily dressed .
the stranger appeared to be listening to them intently , although he took no part in their conversation .
presently he brought his tilted chair down with a sharp thud .
Gabe Foley had paused in his manipulation of a king to hurl a question at the Greenvale men .
Stephen Strong has got three years behind with the interest and Moore is out of patience .
it seems hard on old Stephen , but Moore ain't the man to hesitate for that .
old Stephen is to be the most pitied .
he spent no end of money on doctors and medicines for her .
he 's been going behind ever since .
and now Moore is going to foreclose .
he wasn't the kind you could forget in a hurry .
he was a reg'lar young villain up to every kind of mischief .
the whistle of the mail train cut short the discussion of Stephen Strong 's case .
in a minute the room was vacant , except for the stranger .
when left to himself he also rose and walked out .
turning away from the station , he struck briskly into the Greenvale road .
about three miles from the station he halted before a house built close to the road .
there was a light in the kitchen .
the window-blind was not down and he had a fairly good view of the room .
the stranger whistled softly .
he hasn't changed much except that he 's got mighty grey .
he must be close on to seventy .
he drew himself softly up and sat on the fence .
he saw old Stephen Strong close his book , place his spectacles on it , and kneel down by his chair .
the man on the fence still sat there .
he recalled the time he had been caught stealing the oats .
he had never stolen again , but in other respects he had not mended his ways much .
but Stephen Strong had never lost faith in him .
Ben Butler remembered this too , as he sat on the fence .
somehow , even in his worst days , Ben Butler had never felt easy when he mocked old Stephen .
I could do it but I reckon I 'd be a blamed fool .
I ain't a-going to do it .
he patted his pocket knowingly .
but he had already given up the idea .
this country was too blamed quiet for him , he said .
he would go back to the Kootenay , and he knew what he would do with his money .
it would suit him to a T .
the next afternoon Ben Butler went over to Greenvale and called at Stephen Strong 's .
he found only the old man at home .
old Stephen did not recognize him at first , but made him heartily welcome when he did .
how are you ?
how are you ?
sit down , Ben here , take this chair .
why , of course I do .
and you tell me you 've been in the Kootenay !
you 've changed a lot , Ben .
you ain't a boy no longer .
Ben laughed sheepishly .
but it ain't myself I come here to talk about not much to say if I did .
it 's just been up and down with me .
how are you yourself , sir ?
the old man 's face clouded over ; all the sparkle went out of his kind blue eyes .
I don't want to complain .
the Lord does all things well .
he veered around adroitly .
old Stephen 's voice trembled .
the future looked very dark to him in his old age .
Ben put his hand inside his coat and brought out a brand-new , plump pocketbook .
he opened it , laid it on his knee , and counted out a number of crisp notes .
old Stephen 's voice trembled with amazement .
it wouldn't be fair or right .
Ben slipped the rubber band around his wallet and replaced it airily .
if it hadn't been for you I might have been in the penitentiary by now .
the tears were running down old Stephen 's face as he gathered up the money with a shaking hand .
I just can't realize this yet it seems too good to be true .
of course , I 'll pay you back some of it anyhow if I 'm spared a while longer .
Ben would not stay long after that .
he said he had to leave on the 4 : 30 train .
he was relieved when he got away from the old man 's thanks and questions .
Ben did not find it easy to answer some of the latter .
when he was out of sight of the house he sat on a fence and counted up his remaining funds .
he 'd thank the Lord and me , he said .
he has a kind of hang-dog look , I think .
the Girl in Black-and-Yellow ran frantically down the grey road under the pines .
there was nobody to see her , but she would have run if all Halifax had been looking on .
but she held her hat steady with one hand and ran on .
if she could only reach the pavilion in time !
it was a neck-and-neck race between the rain and the Girl , but the Girl won .
into this the Girl moved .
the Young Man thought that in all his life he had never seen anyone so pretty .
our cook has one .
she smiled at him in a friendly fashion , and he smiled back .
the Girl thought that she had never seen such lovely brown eyes before .
he could not be a Haligonian .
she was sure she knew all the nice young men with brown eyes in Halifax .
the Young Man smiled again at the idea of his sitting down because the Girl was tired .
I will not have my hat spoiled .
I suppose I shouldn't have put it on .
Beatrix said it was going to rain .
Beatrix is such a horribly good prophet .
and I was determined to put on this hat and come out to the park today .
I simply had to be alone , and I knew I 'd be alone out here .
everybody else would be at the football game .
it 's between the Dalhousie team and the Wanderers .
I like the college boys best .
Beatrix says that it is just because of my innate contrariness .
Even Beatrix would never have dared to prophesy that .
but you see it has happened .
I was too crumpled up in my mind to care about football today .
I had to come here and have it out with myself .
that is why I put on my hat .
but I didn't .
it is just maddening , too .
I got this hat and dress on purpose to wear to it .
they 're black and yellow , you see the Dalhousie colours .
it was my own idea .
I was sure it would make a sensation .
the Young Man said , of course , she couldn't .
the Girl smiled .
without a smile , she was charming .
with a smile , she was adorable .
do you know , I want to tell you something ?
that is why I want to tell you about it .
it is dreadful to be talking to you like this .
Beatrix would have three fits , one after the other , if she saw me .
but Beatrix is a slave to conventionality .
I glory in discarding it at times .
the Girl sighed .
once I could tell things to Beatrix .
that was before she got engaged .
now she tells everything to him .
there is no earthly way of preventing her .
I 've tried them all .
it 's a relief , you know .
I want to tell it to somebody who can say things back .
I 'll be sure to blush in places .
when Beatrix wants to be particularly aggravating she says I have lost the art of blushing .
there is a young man in England .
I always think of him as the Creature .
it has come down through the ages so long that it has become chronic .
father left most of his musty traditions in England , but he brought this pet one with him .
he and this friend agreed that the latter 's son should marry one of Father 's daughters .
but Beatrix had a pug nose .
so Father settled on me .
I was doomed to it from my cradle .
the Young Man shook his head , but did not look at her .
of course , when I was a very little girl I didn't mind it so much .
and if Beatrix 's nose were straight she 'd be a great deal prettier than I am .
but nothing did happen and her nose is puggier than ever .
then when I grew up things were horrid .
I never could have a single little bit of fun .
and Beatrix had such a good time !
she had scores of lovers in spite of her nose .
to be sure , she 's engaged now and he 's a horrid , faddy little creature .
but he is her own choice .
that is one of my grievances .
that isn't the point .
oh , don't you see ?
but no , you 're a man you can't understand .
you must just take my word for it .
the whole thing makes me furious .
but I haven't told you the worst .
the Creature is on his way out to Canada now .
he may arrive here at any minute .
she becomes his boyish ideal of all that is good and true .
he pictures her as beautiful and winsome and sweet .
for her sake he resolves to make the most of himself , and live a clean , loyal life .
when she comes to him she must find his heart fit to receive her .
the Young Man stopped abruptly , and looked at the Girl .
she bent forward with shining eyes , and touched his hand .
he 's just coming out here like a martyr going to the stake .
he knows he will be expected to propose to me when he gets here .
and he knows that I know it too .
the Girl leaned forward .
that is my secret .
it stirs up one 's grey matter so nicely .
I came out here this afternoon and thought the whole affair over from beginning to end .
the Girl got up .
the rain was over and the sun was coming out through the mists .
that really amounts to the same thing , you know .
thank you so much for letting me tell you all about it .
I feel quite calm and rational now , and can go home and behave myself .
he stood on the pavilion and watched the Girl out of sight beyond the pines .
but the next item of information crushed her .
the Creature had arrived .
he had called that afternoon , and was coming to dinner that night .
what lovely brown eyes he had !
I do dote on brown eyes .
when the Girl went down to meet the Creature she found herself confronted by the Young Man .
but her family thought her confusion very natural and pretty .
they really had not expected her to behave so well .
as for the Young Man , his manner was flawless .
the Girl smiled down into her lap .
aunt Cyrilla 's Christmas Basket
that troublesome worry over what Geraldine would think nerved her to make a protest in this instance .
Edward is always real glad to get some of the old farmhouse goodies .
you 've got some real silly pride about you , Lucy Rose .
and some sandwiches and pound cake for a snack for ourselves .
now , I guess that will do for eatables .
the presents for the children can go in on top .
aunt Cyrilla smiled broadly .
uncle Leopold came in just then , shaking his head dubiously .
she believed matters of this kind were fore-ordained , and she slept calmly .
when they reached there the air was thick with flying flakes .
the stationmaster sold them their tickets with a grim face .
twice the train had to stop while the train hands dug it out .
the third time it could not go on .
it was dusk when the conductor came through the train , replying brusquely to the questions of the anxious passengers .
we 're here for the night .
aunt Cyrilla looked at her basket complacently .
the pale , pretty girl seemed indifferent .
the sealskin lady looked crosser than ever .
aunt Cyrilla took some apples and striped candy sticks from her basket and carried them to them .
the rest of the travellers straggled over to the corner and drifted into conversation .
the khaki boy said it was hard lines not to get home for Christmas , after all .
he looked disappointed too .
aunt Cyrilla passed him an apple .
the pale , pretty girl came up and took the baby from the tired mother .
the girl shook her head .
aunt Cyrilla went to her basket and took out her box of cream candy .
let's eat it all up and have a good time .
the little mother told Aunt Cyrilla her story aside .
she had been long estranged from her family , who had disapproved of her marriage .
her husband had died the previous summer , leaving her in poor circumstances .
I was so glad .
and the children 's hearts were set on it .
it seems too bad that we are not to get there .
the khaki boy came up again and shared the candy .
he told amusing stories of campaigning in South Africa .
the minister came too , and listened , and even the sealskin lady turned her head over her shoulder .
aunt Cyrilla and the pale girl helped the mother make up beds for them .
the minister gave his overcoat and the sealskin lady came forward with a shawl .
aunt Cyrilla glanced at the little mother .
she had fallen asleep with her head against the seat-back .
as for the money , I think the mother is the one for it to go to .
she 's been telling me her story , and a pitiful one it is .
the idea met with favour .
the khaki boy passed his cap and everybody contributed .
the sealskin lady put in a crumpled note .
when Aunt Cyrilla straightened it out she saw that it was for twenty dollars .
meanwhile , Lucy Rose had brought the basket .
Lucy Rose had never touched that basket of her own accord before .
aunt Cyrilla put her hand over the lady 's kid glove .
then the two women smiled tenderly at each other .
when morning came the storm was still raging .
the children wakened and went wild with delight over their stockings .
then Aunt Cyrilla rose to the occasion .
breakfast first thing .
nobody in that car will ever forget that Christmas .
the khaki boy gave two recitations , sang three songs , and gave a whistling solo .
Lucy Rose gave three recitations and the minister a comic reading .
the pale shop girl sang two songs .
at noon they had dinner .
bits of paper served as plates .
everybody declared they had never enjoyed a meal more in their lives .
at the next station they all parted .
the little mother and the children had to take the next train back home .
the minister stayed there , and the khaki boy and the sealskin lady changed trains .
the sealskin lady shook Aunt Cyrilla 's hand .
the little shop girl is going home with me .
it was not far from the station to Edward 's house and Aunt Cyrilla elected to walk .
aunt Cyrilla relinquished it with a smile .
Lucy Rose smiled too .
it was a rainy afternoon , and we had been passing the time by telling ghost stories .
but Jack , as usual , was dissatisfied .
he said our stories were all second-hand stuff .
some persons appear to have the knack of getting their wishes granted .
Jack is one of that ilk .
something queer happened once .
I 've never been able to explain it from a practical point of view , that is .
of course we did .
this was exciting .
nobody would ever have suspected Davenport of seeing ghosts .
but it 's firsthand , Jack , if that 's what you want .
I don't suppose any of you have ever heard me speak of my brother , Charles .
she was very beautiful , and my brother idolized her .
she died a short time before the date set for their marriage , and Charles never recovered from the blow .
we called her Dorothy , and Charles was devoted to her .
he was buried there , and Dolly half broke her childish heart over his death .
Dolly was going to school in Paris for a year .
they were to sail on the Aragon the next morning .
I dropped my cigar and sprang to my feet in amazement .
he was a tall , rather stout man , with curly hair and a fair , close-clipped beard .
I took a hasty step towards him .
somehow I couldn't move another step .
he made no motion , but his eyes looked straight into mine .
one moment he was there and the next moment he wasn't .
he did not pass me or go out of the door .
no , I wasn't conscious of being scared .
I was simply bewildered .
I suppose my explanation was a very lame one .
I know I felt decidedly like a fool .
Virginia was perplexed , but Dolly accepted the warning unhesitatingly .
Gilbert didn't laugh when the news came , I assure you .
Virginia and Dolly sailed a month later on the Marseilles , and reached the other side in safety .
Emily Fair got out of Hiram Jameson 's waggon at the gate .
Emily had a very distinctive voice .
nobody had ever heard Emily Fair 's voice tremble .
Emily met it with an unflinching indifference .
she disliked Hiram Jameson .
Jameson perceived her scorn , but chose to disregard it .
Emily stood at the gate for some time after Jameson 's waggon had disappeared .
she gathered some of the more perfect ones here and there .
the air was raw and chill .
the rain that had threatened all day was very near .
Emily shivered and went into the house .
Amelia Phillips was bending over the fire .
Hiram Jameson was there and offered to drive me home .
it 's going to be a storm , I think .
Amelia Phillips looked like an overdone sketch in charcoal .
plainly she did not expect an affirmative answer .
Woodford life was not eventful .
Amelia glanced at her sharply .
so she had not heard !
Amelia had expected that Hiram Jameson would have told her .
she wished that he had , for she never felt sure of Emily .
not a feature of Emily 's face changed .
she felt relieved that Emily had taken it so calmly .
Emily looked at the lamp unwinkingly .
a faint , wraith-like change of expression drifted over Emily 's beautiful face and was gone in a moment .
it would have been impossible to say .
there comes the rain .
I suppose it will spoil all the flowers .
she peered out into the thickly gathering gloom .
the wind around the many-cornered old farmhouse was full of wails and sobs .
the clock in the sitting-room struck eight .
Emily shivered and shut the door .
she thought she could see herself coming down the stairs in her white dress with her bouquet of asters .
when she had put out her light and gone to bed she found that she could not sleep .
she pretended to believe that it was the noise of the storm that kept her awake .
that would have been to admit a weakness , and Emily Fair , like Amelia , despised weakness .
she shuddered and drew the counterpane over her face .
it was so strange to think of Stephen being ill .
she had never known him to have a day 's sickness in his life before .
Woodford people were fond of saying that John and Amelia spoiled Emily shamefully .
Emily Phillips had never been like the other Woodford girls and had no friends of her own age among them .
Amelia and John Phillips never liked him .
from the first Emily had loved Stephen .
Stephen 's mother lived with them .
Janet Fair had never liked Emily .
she had not been willing for Stephen to marry her .
to a certain extent he was right .
Emily had been spoiled .
the final rupture came two years after their marriage .
when your senses return you are welcome to come back to me .
without another word Emily turned away .
that night she went back to John and Amelia .
but she did not relent .
if he thought of Emily he made no sign .
Stephen Fair never broke a word once passed .
when they met , as they occasionally did , neither impassive face changed .
Emily Fair had buried her love deeply .
in her pride and anger she would not let herself remember even where she had dug its grave .
and now Stephen was ill .
the strange woman felt a certain pride in her own inflexibility because the fact did not affect her .
nevertheless she waited and watched for John Phillips ' homecoming .
at ten o'clock she heard his voice in the kitchen .
she leaned out of the bed and pulled open her door .
at first John and Amelia talked of trivial matters .
Emily heard Amelia 's startled exclamation .
she gripped the square rails with her hands until the sharp edges dinted deep into her fingers .
Amelia began to talk rapidly in low tones .
Emily heard nothing further .
in the burning anguish of that moment her own soul was as an open book before her .
out of her stupor and pain a purpose formed itself clearly .
she dared not go down to John and ask him to take her to her husband .
he might refuse .
the Phillipses had been known to do even harder things than that .
it would drive her mad .
she lit a lamp and dressed herself noiselessly , but with feverish haste .
then she listened .
the house was very still .
Amelia and John had gone to bed .
she wrapped herself in a heavy woollen shawl hanging in the hall and crept downstairs .
with numbed fingers she fumbled at the key of the hall door , turned it and slipped out into the night .
the storm seemed to reach out and clutch her and swallow her up .
often she fell .
as she struggled to her feet and found her way again the blood trickled down over her face .
then , realizing this , she cried out in horror .
surely some fearsome punishment would come upon her for her wickedness she would find her husband lying dead .
the next moment she recognized Emily and her face hardened .
this woman , Stephen 's sister-in-law , had always hated Emily Fair .
the insolence and cruelty of her speech fell on unheeding ears .
Emily , understanding only that her husband yet lived , turned to the hall door .
sullenly she stood aside and Emily went unhindered up the stairs to the room where the sick man lay .
the two doctors in attendance were there , together with the trained nurse from the city .
Emily pushed them aside and fell on her knees by the bed .
Stephen Fair turned his languid , unshorn head on the pillow .
his dull , fevered eyes met Emily 's .
he had not recognized anyone all day , but he knew his wife .
Emily drew his head close to her face and kissed his lips passionately .
she buried her face in the pillow beside his with a sob .
she had not stirred the whole night .
now she raised her white face with dumb pleading in her eyes .
the doctor glanced at the sleeping form on the bed .
and for the first time in her life her beautiful voice trembled .
the morning sun hung , a red , lustreless ball , in the dull grey sky .
it was not a handsome face , but there was a strangely subtle charm about it .
he felt utterly discouraged .
he had been too outspoken for them ; they resented sullenly his direct and incisive tirades against their pet sins .
he had meant well and worked hard and he felt his failure keenly .
my work must lie among the poor and lowly of earth as did my Master 's .
now , looking back on his two years ' ministry , he said wearily :
he had never felt , or tried to feel , that this narrow sphere was his own world .
Telford checked his horse reluctantly and Galletly crawled into the cutter .
the name was an apt one and clung .
Telford had heard it .
I suppose he is starting out on his rounds now , he thought .
Galletly plunged undauntedly into the conversational gap .
that was a grand sermon ye gave us last Sunday , Mr Telford .
it was needed and that 's a fact .
there ain't a house in the district but what I can drop into and welcome .
Telford 's passive face was discouraging but Galletly was not to be baffled .
the monosyllable was curt .
Telford was vainly seeking to nip Galletly 's gossip in the bud .
the name of Palmer conveyed no especial meaning to his ear .
his knowledge went no further .
he had called three times and found nobody at home at least , to all appearances .
now he was fated to have the whole budget of some vulgar quarrel forced on him by Galletly .
I believe the two women had an awful time .
Min 's a Tartar when her temper 's up and that 's pretty often .
nobody knows how Rose managed to put up with her so long .
but she has had to go at last .
she is at Rawlingses now .
maybe when Min cools off , she 'll let her go back but it 's doubtful .
his concluding sentence was quite unheeded by Galletly .
she always was an odd one .
Handsome , some folks called her .
Rod was a worthless scamp .
she was a quiet , well-behaved little creetur .
in the end , howsomever , he had to marry Min .
her brother got after him with a horse-whip , ye understand .
she was a bit sobered down by her trouble and lived quiet and sullen-like at first .
Rose married Osh Fuller , a worthless , drunken fellow .
then old Palmer went and brought her home .
Min had to be civil to Rose as long as old Palmer lived .
then the queer part came in .
but no will was to be found .
I don't say but what it was all right , mind you .
I may have my own secret opinion , of course .
but she 's turned her out at last .
Min was always jealous of that child .
it 's a real purty , smart leetle creetur and old Palmer made a lot of it .
Min 'd slam the door in your face if she did nothing worse .
she hasn't darkened a church door for years .
Min , she flew at him .
People hereabouts has talked to her and tried to do her good , but it ain't no use .
why , I 've heard that woman say there was no God .
it 's a fact , Mr Telford I have .
some of our ministers has tried to visit her .
they didn't try it more than once .
Min just caught him by the shoulder and shook him like a rat !
Galletly chuckled over the recollection , his wicked little eyes glistening with delight .
Telford was thankful when they reached the store .
he felt that he could not endure this man 's society any longer .
nevertheless , he felt strangely interested .
Galletly eagerly joined the group of loungers on the dirty wet platform , and Telford passed into the store .
Telford made his small purchases hastily .
by some subtle intuition Telford knew that this was Min Palmer .
Telford had a curious experience at that moment .
he saw her step on a rough wood-sleigh and drive down the river road .
the platform loungers had been silent during her call , but now the talk bubbled forth anew .
he felt for Min Palmer a pity he could not understand or analyze .
he made several calls at various houses along the river during the forenoon .
after dinner he suddenly turned his horse towards the Palmer place .
Isaac Galletly , comfortably curled up in a neighbour 's chimney corner , saw him drive past .
he tied his horse to the fence and looked doubtfully about him .
there was no sign of life about the place .
again Telford was overcome by a sense of her wonderful loveliness .
she lifted one large but shapely brown hand and pointed to the gate .
did you come here to lecture me ?
I suppose some of the Corner saints set you on me .
Telford returned her defiant gaze unflinchingly .
slowly the fire and anger faded out of her face and her head drooped .
I 'm past that now .
the Corner saints say I 'm possessed of the devil .
I never had anything but wrong and dog-usage from them all .
don't stand there looking at me like that .
I 'm not going to change my mind .
I 've been well sickened of that .
Telford threw back his head and looked once more into her eyes .
a long look passed between them .
Min stood in the doorway and watched the sleigh out of sight down the river road .
then she gave a long , shivering sigh that was almost a moan .
presently she looked out again with hard , dry eyes .
her face hardened .
the old sway of evil passion reasserted itself .
oh , she was a sweet-spoken cat of a thing but she had claws .
I 've been blamed for all the trouble .
I wish I were dead .
he paused at the rough gate and leaned over it while he scanned the house and its surroundings eagerly .
Telford 's eyes followed her with pitiful absorption .
he saw her lead a horse from the stable and harness it into a wood-sleigh loaded with bags of grain .
the pale minister groaned aloud .
the horse , a great , powerful , nervous brute , started wildly and then reared in terror .
the animal , freed from her detaining hand , sprang forward , dragging the laden sleigh over the prostrate woman .
it had all passed in a moment .
Telford sprang over the gate and rushed up the slope like a madman .
he flung himself on his knees beside her .
there was no answer .
the room was a large one and everything was neat and clean .
the fire burned brightly , and a few green plants were in blossom by the south window .
beside them sat a child of about seven years who turned a startled face at Telford 's reckless entrance .
by his side nestled a tiny dog , with satin ears and paws fringed as with ravelled silk .
Telford paid heed to nothing , not even the frightened child .
he was as one distraught .
a low moan broke from her white lips .
Telford sprang to his feet in a tumult of quivering joy .
he paused impatiently .
she pressed her hand to her side and writhed .
Telford turned desperately to the door .
Min raised her arm .
he obeyed mutely .
she looked up at him with bright , unquailing eyes .
Telford hardly heeded her in his misery .
Min had fallen back , gasping , on the blood-stained pillow .
he knelt beside her and put his arm about the poor , crushed body .
there was a will he made it old Gran'ther Palmer .
he always hated me .
I found it before he died and read it .
I was like a madwoman .
when he died I hid the will .
I meant to burn it but I never could .
it 's tortured me night and day I 've had no peace .
you 'll find it in a box in my room .
Telford lifted his white , drawn face .
an expression of unspeakable relief came into the dying woman 's face .
I can die in peace now .
I 'm tired of living so .
perhaps I 'll have a chance somewhere else .
the dark eyes drooped closed .
Telford moaned shudderingly .
once again Min opened her eyes and looked straight into his .
it is well for us for you that I am dying .
his voice broke .
Min 's great black eyes beamed out on him with passionate tenderness .
the strong , deep , erring nature yielded at last .
an exceeding bitter cry rose to her lips .
death had bridged the gulf between them .
the room was very silent .
the little cripple crept timidly up to Telford , with the silky head of the dog pressed against his cheek .
he bent and reverently kissed the cold face , the closed eyelids and the blood-stained brow of the dead woman .
then he stood up .
the day after the funeral , Allan Telford sat in the study of his little manse among the encircling wintry hills .
Telford was writing in his journal .
I begin to see wherein I have failed .
I shall begin again patiently and humbly .
Miss Cordelia 's Accommodation
she meant the factory children .
it 's a shame .
there 's work for our philanthropists here , but they don't seem to see it .
Miss Cordelia lived alone in a tiny house at Point Pleasant .
it was so tiny that you would have wondered how anyone could live in it .
there 's solid comfort in having one spot for your own self .
Miss Cordelia always laughed here .
it was one of her jokes .
there was a four-acre field behind the house .
both had been left to her by an uncle .
I like to walk around in it when the grass grows long .
and it may come in handy some time .
mother used to say if you kept anything seven years it would come to use .
but she knew that her Point Pleasant neighbours would object to this , so that project was dropped .
Cynthia Ann Flemming , who lived on the other side of the spruce hedge , now came hurrying over .
Cynthia Ann came through the hedge with the letter .
so he tied the creature in there and left the letter with me .
he came half an hour ago .
Miss Cordelia opened and read her letter .
when she finished it she looked at the curious Cynthia Ann solemnly .
I suspected he was at the bottom of it as soon as I laid my eyes on that animal .
John Drew is a cousin of mine .
I suppose that is the horse .
John and I were just like brother and sister when we were children .
if this isn't like him nothing ever was .
he was always doing odd things and thinking they were all right .
and now he 's off west and here is the horse .
Miss Cordelia spoke absently .
it will keep him in eating for a while .
I always knew that field had a mission .
Poor John Drew !
but I have a plan .
Miss Cordelia always adapted herself quickly and calmly to new circumstances .
I 'm not so sure but that John Drew has done a good thing after all .
she listened to all tranquilly and then placidly followed her own way .
Miss Cordelia drove straight out to the big pine-clad hills of Deepdale , six miles from Pottstown .
and how Miss Cordelia enjoyed seeing them enjoy themselves !
when dinner time came she gathered them all around her and went to the wagon .
in it she had a basket of bread and butter .
Miss Cordelia had had her eye on a certain farmhouse all the morning .
I 'll tell my housekeeper to bring some out .
and all of you come over to the lawn and make yourselves at home .
bless you , ma'am , I 'm fond of children .
Mr Smiles laughed .
they enjoy it so , the little creatures .
they just exist in soot .
I 'll put up some swings for them and have some games , and I 'll provide the refreshments also .
trouble , ma'am ?
no , trouble and I ain't on speaking terms .
it 'll be a pleasure , ma'am .
I 'm fond of children even if I am a grumpy cross-grained old bachelor .
even old Nap seemed to jog along eye-deep in satisfaction .
probably he was ruminating on the glorious afternoon he had spent in Mr Smiles 's clover pasture .
as for Mr Smiles , he proved a valuable assistant .
it will soon be too cold for our jaunts and of course I can't keep Nap through the winter .
she looked regretfully at Nap , who was nibbling Mr Smiles 's clover aftermath .
he was sleek and glossy .
it had been the golden summer of Nap 's life .
Mr Smiles coughed in an embarrassed fashion .
I want you too , ma'am .
I 'm tired of being a cross old bachelor .
I think I 'd like to be a cross old husband , for a change .
half an hour later they had their plans made .
Ned 's Stroke of Business
Mr Rogers reined up his prancing grey horse , and Ned Allen sprang lightly into the comfortable cutter .
the next minute they were flying down the long , glistening road , rosy-white in the sunset splendour .
the moon is out , and the ice is good .
we have to go in a body , or the Windsor fellows won't leave us alone .
Ned 's frank face clouded over .
Ned shook his head .
well , here is the crossroad , so I must get off .
Jim , as usual , was grumbling because they had to go all the way to Windsor to skate .
and the ice is always splendid on it .
Ned was silent .
a sudden idea had come to him .
he wondered if it were feasible .
the skating that night was not particularly successful .
Ned did not exactly look forward to the interview with pleasure .
his passion for solitude was surpassed only by his eagerness to make and save money .
old Dutcher 's aspect was certainly not encouraging .
you ought to know that .
I never allow anyone to skate there .
no , sir !
Ned smothered a smile .
my rink will be open only from two to six in the afternoon and from seven to ten in the evening .
during that time I shall always be at the pond to keep everything in order .
the skaters will come and go by the lane leading from the barn to the road .
old Dutcher 's eyes twinkled .
it did not displease him to know that the Carleton boys hated him .
old Dutcher scowled .
Ned went home in high spirits .
Ned was not long left in doubt as to the success of his enterprise .
it was popular from the start .
there were about fifty boys in Carleton and Winterby , and they all patronized the rink freely .
at first Ned had some trouble with two or three rowdies , who tried to evade his rules .
my bookkeeper will be leaving me about the time you will be through at the college .
a position in Mr Rogers 's store meant good salary and promotion .
he had never dared to hope for such good fortune .
we just had to make the most of each other , and we did .
the Big Half Moon is miles from anywhere , except the Little Half Moon .
but nobody lives there , so that doesn't count .
we live on the Big Half Moon .
this is what I want to tell you about .
father is the keeper of the Big Half Moon lighthouse .
he has always been the keeper ever since I can remember , although that isn't very long .
I am only eleven years old .
Claude is twelve .
the funny part used to be that people always pitied us when the time came for us to return .
why , Claude and I were never lonesome .
he makes the very best pirate chief I ever saw .
dick is pretty good , but he can never roar out his orders in the bloodcurdling tones that Claude can .
Claude and I never quarrelled .
when I saw Claude getting too excited I gave in to him .
as for having a woman to look after us , I thought that just too silly , and so did Claude .
what did we need with a woman when we had Father ?
he could cook all we wanted to eat and make molasses taffy that was just like a dream .
he kept our clothes all mended , and everything about the lighthouse was neat as wax .
he used to hear our lessons and tell us splendid stories and saw that we always said our prayers .
Claude and I wouldn't have done anything to make him feel bad for the world .
father is just lovely .
to be sure , he didn't seem to have any relations except us .
this used to puzzle Claude and me .
everybody on the mainland had relations ; why hadn't we ?
was it because we lived on an island ?
we thought it would be so jolly to have an uncle and aunt and some cousins .
he said it was all his fault .
I didn't see how that could be , but I never said anything more about it to Father .
still , I did wish we had some relations .
it is always lovely out here on the Big Half Moon in summer .
Claude says he is going to sail out there when he grows up .
it is dreadfully inconvenient to be a girl at times .
you can't see the Little Half Moon at all then ; it is hidden by the mist and spume .
we never saw any .
Dick says there is no such thing as a kelpy .
but then Dick has no imagination .
it is no argument against a thing that you 've never seen it .
I have never seen the pyramids , either , but I know that there are pyramids .
every summer we had some hobby .
even pirating wasn't such good fun .
oh , it was very exciting .
we had one kite that was a dandy .
that kite had the most magnificent tail , too .
it used to scare the gulls nearly to death when we sent up our kites .
and the Big Half Moon is such a place for gulls there are hundreds of them here .
one day there was a grand wind for kite-flying , and Claude and I were having a splendid time .
you would never have believed that one small elbow could make such a big hole .
then we started out , and up went the kite like a bird .
the wind was glorious , and it soared and strained like something alive .
a month later a letter came to the Big Half Moon for Father .
Jake Wiggins brought it over in his sloop .
anyhow , his face was all glad and soft and smiley .
it was the most amazing thing .
he never went back , and he never even let them know he was living .
Dick climbed up and got it .
it was a big red kite with a patch on each side and names written on it .
they carried it home to their mother .
you see , Philippa was her mother 's name and Claude was her father 's .
it was a beautiful letter .
I loved Aunt Esther before I ever saw her , just from that letter .
you don't know how splendid it is !
aunt Esther is such a dear , and Dick and Mimi are too jolly for words .
but the best of it all is that we have relations now !
well might Miss Corona hate it .
it had shut her up into a lonely life for long years .
Miss Corona turned over on her pillows , lifted one corner of the white window-blind and peeped out .
to be sure , Charlotta 's intentions were always good .
down in the little northern valley below the spruce grove lived her uncle , Alexis Gordon .
the mothers of both were dead ; neither had any other brother or sister .
the two children had grown up together , playmates and devoted friends .
there had never been any sentiment or lovemaking between them to mar a perfect comradeship .
Corona shivered yet over the bitterness of that time .
the Gordons never did anything half-heartedly .
the strife between the two brothers was determined and irreconcilable .
Corona 's father forbade her to speak to her uncle and cousin or to hold any communication with them .
Corona wept and obeyed him .
she had always obeyed her father ; it had never entered into her mind to do anything else .
ten years later Roderick Gordon died , and in five months Alexis Gordon followed him to the grave .
he was married , and had one little daughter .
in her new and intolerable loneliness Corona 's heart yearned after her own people .
but she was too timid to make any advances , and Meredith never made any .
when Miss Corona went downstairs at last , she found Charlotta sobbing in the kitchen porch .
and it 's bruk into forty millyun pieces .
but just now her heart was so sore over the Quarrel that there was no room for other regrets .
I suppose it is a judgment on me for staying abed so late .
she dared not resent being called Charlotte just then .
but it did not matter ; nothing mattered .
this mood lasted until the afternoon .
she had not been there since last summer ; the little path was getting almost impassable .
the rosebush had been planted there by Corona 's great-grandmother , the lady of the green and yellow bowl .
she , the last of them on the old homestead , would never need the bride roses .
Wherefore , then , should the old tree bloom ?
and now , after all these years , it had flung all its long-hoarded sweetness into blossom again .
miss Corona thrilled at the thought .
she bent over its foam of loveliness almost reverently .
she would send Juliet Gordon the bride roses .
after a time Miss Corona remembered and sighed .
she did hate to call the child that foolish name with its foreign sound .
ordinarily Miss Corona would not have given in .
but the case was urgent ; she could not stand upon her dignity just now .
instantly Charlotta flew to the garden gate and raced up to the door .
but Charlotta had gone .
down in the valley , the other Gordon house was in a hum of excitement .
my roses haven't come .
father is back from the station , and they were not there .
I am so disappointed .
Romney ordered pure white roses because I said a Gordon bride must carry nothing else .
Laura Burton , Juliet 's cousin and bridesmaid , entered with a box .
Juliet opened the box and gave a cry .
what perfect roses !
who could have sent them ?
I was once a dear friend of your father 's .
tell him to let you wear the roses I send for old times ' sake .
child , you can't do such a thing !
I 'll go up the hill by the old field-path , and no one will see me .
I 've loved you all and longed for you .
you would never refuse the request of a bride , Cousin Corona .
and I won't go back without you .
oh , I want you to meet Romney .
and Miss Corona went .
in the hollow Meredith Gordon met them .
he took both her hands in his , and kissed her heartily .
turning to Juliet , he said with a fatherly smile ,
who ever heard of a Gordon bride doing such an unconventional thing ?
the Josephs ' Christmas
the month before Christmas was always the most exciting and mysterious time in the Joseph household .
no questions were asked no matter what queer things were done .
the air was simply charged with secrets .
or , how can seven sticks of candy be divided among eight people so that each shall have one ?
it was Mollie who put the finishing touches to most of the little gifts .
the Josephs were poor at any time , but this winter they were poorer than ever .
I hope it will be fine tomorrow , for the children 's sake .
Mrs Joseph sighed over Jimmy 's worn jacket which she was mending .
then she smiled .
things will be better next Christmas , we 'll hope .
the children will not mind , bless their hearts .
look at all the little knick-knacks they 've made for each other .
they 've never had anything really nice for Christmas .
Mr Joseph nodded .
talking of candy reminds me that I made a big plateful of taffy for the children today .
I 'll get it out and put it on the table along with the children 's presents .
two snowed-up figures were standing on the porch .
I 'll see to putting your horse away , Mr Ralston .
Mr Ralston put the big basket he was carrying down on a bench in the corner .
Mrs Ralston looked too .
the Josephs laughed .
a shakedown was spread in the kitchen for the unexpected guests , and presently the Ralstons found themselves alone .
Mrs Ralston untied the cover of the big basket .
it fell out as Mrs Ralston had planned .
the dawn broke fine and clear over a vast white world .
much obliged for your kindness , Mr Joseph .
when you and Mrs Joseph come to town we shall hope to have a chance to return it .
when Mrs Joseph went back to the kitchen her eyes fell on the heaped-up table in the corner .
Mr Joseph came too , and looked and whistled .
pinned to her dress was a leaf from Mr Ralston 's notebook with Maggie 's name written on it .
such a Christmas had never been known in the Joseph household before .
that Christmas was one to date from in that family .
Mrs Joseph 's taffy was eaten too .
not a scrap of it was left .
a late September wind from the northwest was sweeping over the waters of Racicot Harbour .
a good life and it 's yours for the taking .
you have but to put out your hand and all you 've wished for will be in your grasp .
Nora leaned out from the door to meet the wind .
she loved that northwest gale ; it was a staunch old friend of hers .
even her friends felt themselves called upon to make excuses for her unlikeness to themselves .
Nora had dosed the door behind her to shut in the voices .
she wanted to be alone with the wind while she made her decision .
this was the life that she had always known .
across the harbour , on a fir-fringed headland , stood Dalveigh .
to the Racicot fishing folk the house and grounds were as a dream of enchantment made real .
few of them had ever seen anything like it .
Nora Shelley knew Dalveigh well .
it was as if it were hers by right of fitness .
and this was the life that might be hers , did she so choose .
in reality , her choice was already made , and she knew it .
John Cameron and his wife were given the seats of honour in the middle of the room .
her husband was a small , white-haired man , with a fresh , young-looking face .
he was popular in Racicot , for he mingled freely with the sailors and fishermen .
moreover , Dalveigh was an excellent market for fresh mackerel .
Nathan Shelley , in his favourite corner behind the stove , sat lurching forward with his hands on his knees .
he wished his wife would go to work ; it seemed uncanny to see her idle .
Mrs Shelley sat by the crooked , small-paned window and looked out down the harbour .
John Cameron pleaded his cause well .
she is beautiful and clever she has a right to more than Racicot can give her .
but I dunno as we ought to let our feelings stand in Nora 's light .
I was the same way once .
but it wasn't no use .
I 'd left it too long .
the sea had got into my blood .
I toughed it out for two years , and then I had to come back .
I didn't want to , mark you , but I had to come .
Cameron smiled .
he thought that this dry old salt was a bit of a poet in his own way .
very likely Nora got her ability and originality from him .
there did not seem to be a great deal in the phlegmatic , good-looking mother .
she looked at her mother appealingly .
then , catching sight of her mother 's face , she ran to her and flung her arms about her .
her mother loosened the clinging arms and pushed her gently towards the Camerons .
the news spread quickly over Racicot .
there was much surprise and more envy .
the shore women tossed their heads .
Nate Shelley and his wife spoiled her ridiculous .
Nora asked her brother to tell the news to Rob Fletcher himself , but Merran Andrews was before him .
she was at Rob before he had fairly landed , when the fishing boats came in at sunset .
Nora 's going away to be a fine lady .
Merran wanted Rob herself .
Nora and Rob did not meet until the next evening , when she rowed herself home from Dalveigh .
he was at the shore to tie up her boat and help her out .
Nora felt uncomfortable , and resented it .
why should her heart ache over him ?
he nodded .
but from the inside it mayn't look the same .
I expect it but people get over that .
and it is not as if I were going away for good .
you 'll be one of them , not one of us .
but will you be happy ?
in anyone else Nora would have resented this .
but she never felt angry with Rob .
it doesn't seem as if I could help myself if I wanted to .
and it always seemed to me that I would find a way to it some day .
that was why I kept going to school long after the other girls stopped .
I learned everything and read everything I could .
it seems to me as if I had been walking along a narrow pathway all my life .
but it is not .
the sudden passion bursting out in his tone frightened her .
and you won't miss me long .
don't fling me that dry bone of comfort .
he left her at her father 's door .
the life behind them glittered , allured , beckoned .
there was no turning back now .
Nora Shelley went away with the Camerons , and Dalveigh was deserted .
the Harbour laid itself out to be sociable in winter .
there was no time for that in summer .
people had to work eighteen hours out of the twenty-four then .
in a Racicot winter much was made of small things .
the arrival of Nora Shelley 's weekly letter to her father and mother was an event in the village .
the Camerons had spent the autumn in New York and had then gone south for the winter .
she sent affectionate messages to all her old friends and asked after all her old interests .
she ain't ours any more .
Rob Fletcher always came and listened to the letters in silence while the others buzzed and commented .
Rob , so the Harbour folk said , was much changed .
he had grown unsociable and preferred to stay home and read books rather than go a-visiting as did others .
the Harbour folk shook their heads over this .
they brought a houseful of guests with them .
at sunset on the day of her arrival Nora Shelley looked out cross the harbour to the fishing village .
it brought to her the tang of the salt wastes and filled her heart with a great , bitter-sweet yearning .
she was more beautiful than ever .
even the Camerons had wondered at her swift adaptation to her new surroundings .
in everything she had held her own royally .
her adopted parents were proud of her beauty and her nameless , untamed charm .
they had lavished every indulgence upon her .
she must go at once at once at once .
she hoped not to be seen , but Mrs Cameron met her in the hall .
it 's too late to go over the harbour tonight .
they won't be expecting you .
but she made no further attempt to dissuade her .
the wind is too high and it is too late for you to go over by yourself .
she submitted somewhat sullenly and walked down to the shore in silence .
Clark Bryant strode beside her , humouring her mood .
he was a tall , stout man , with an ugly , clever , sarcastic face .
Bryant was in love with Nora .
she liked Clark Bryant well enough , but just at the moment he was in the way .
at the boathouse Davy launched the small sailboat and Nora took the tiller .
she knew every inch of the harbour .
she no longer resented Clark Bryant 's presence she forgot it .
he was no more to her than the mast by which he stood .
the spell of the sea and the wind surged into her heart and filled it with wild happiness and measureless content .
he was as one forgotten and left behind .
he had never seen her look so beautiful .
for a moment they gazed at her as at an apparition .
she ran across the room and buried her face in her mother 's breast , sobbing .
when the news spread , the Racicot people crowded in to see Nora until the house was full .
they spent a noisy , merry , whole-hearted evening of the old sort .
the men smoked and most of the women knitted while they talked .
they were pleased to find that Nora did not put on any airs .
Nora laughed .
she was glad that they did not find her changed .
old Nathan chuckled in his dry way .
his daughter was not utterly taken from him yet .
Nora sat by her mother and was happy .
old Nathan noticed it and thought she was tired .
he gave the curious neighbours a good-natured hint , and they presently withdrew .
when they had all gone Nora went out to the door alone .
the moon was rising and the harbour was a tossing expanse of silver waves .
Nora saw and recognized it .
she flew down the sandy slope with outstretched hands .
and when the door opened to let in another , my heart died within me .
I dared not even ask after you for fear of what they might tell me .
she drew back and looked at him with her soul in her eyes .
all the reserve of womanhood fell away from her in the inrush of emotions .
for the moment she was a child again , telling out her thoughts with all a child 's frankness .
and now I 've wakened .
and you are part of the wakening the best part !
I belong to you and the sea .
but I never knew it until I crossed the harbour tonight .
that night Nora lay beside her sisters in the tiny room that looked out on the harbour .
there were scenes of pleading and tears and reproaches .
Nora cried bitterly in Mrs Cameron 's arms , but stood rock-firm .
I 'm sorry enough for the girl 's own sake .
but you 've made a fair trial and it 's of no use .
Mrs Cameron made one more appeal to Nora .
she told the girl bitterly that she was ungrateful .
but your life isn't for me , after all .
you have been a little homesick and you are glad to be back .
you will find that your life with us will have unfitted you for this .
Nora shook her head .
there did not seem to be anything more to say after that .
Mrs Cameron did not try to say anything .
she went away in sorrow .
Nora cried bitterly after she had gone .
but there were no tears in her eyes that night when she walked on the shore with Rob Fletcher .
laughter and song of the fishing folk were behind them , and the deep , solemn call of the sea before .
over the harbour gleamed the score of lights at Dalveigh .
Rob looked from them to Nora .
but I 've put it off now , and put on workaday clothes again .
listen to the wind , Rob !
he bent over and kissed her .
Estella was waiting under the poplars at the gate for Spencer Morgan .
it was after sunset , and the air was mellow and warm-hued .
the willow trees along the walk and the tall birches in the background stood out darkly distinct against the lemon-tinted sky .
the breath of mint floated out from the garden , and the dew was falling heavily .
her profile was clear and distinct against the lamplight .
Estella Bowes was not pretty .
she was an orphan and lived with her uncle and aunt .
she had been with them about a week .
nothing was known about her .
the Boweses liked her well enough as a boarder .
Estella admired and held her in awe .
she wondered what Spencer would think of this beautiful woman .
he had not yet seen her .
it was quite dark when he came .
Miss LeMar 's light had removed to the parlour where she was singing , accompanying herself on the cottage organ .
Estella felt annoyed .
the parlour was considered her private domain on Wednesday and Saturday night , but Miss LeMar did not know that .
indeed , he considered her advent a nuisance .
Estella always remembered that moment afterwards .
she was so supremely happy .
she did not see how it could be possible , because there was only one Spencer .
he was a handsome fellow , with a magnificent physique .
miss LeMar stopped singing and turned around on the organ stool as they entered .
she wore a dress of crepe , cut low in the neck .
Estella had never seen anyone dressed so before .
to her it seemed immodest .
she introduced Spencer .
he bowed awkwardly and sat stiffly down by the window with his eyes riveted on Miss LeMar 's face .
she wished Miss LeMar would go out of the room .
she looked straight in Spencer Morgan 's honest blue eyes and read there the young man 's dazzled admiration .
there was contempt in the look she turned on Estella .
miss LeMar turned again to the organ .
the gleaming curves of her neck and shoulders rose out of their filmy sheathings of lace .
Estella saw his look .
she suddenly began to hate the black-eyed witch at the organ and to fear her as well .
why did Spencer look at her like that ?
she wished she had not brought him in at all .
she felt commonplace and angry , and wanted to cry .
Vivienne LeMar went on singing , drifting from one sweet love song into another .
once she looked up at Spencer Morgan .
he rose quickly and went to her side , looking down at her with a strange fire in his eyes .
Estella got up abruptly and left the room .
she was angry and jealous , but she thought Spencer would follow her .
she waited on the porch for him , not knowing whether she were more angry or miserable .
she would not go back into the room .
Vivienne LeMar had stopped singing .
she could hear a low murmur of voices .
it was ten o'clock when Spencer went away and Vivienne LeMar passed up the hall to her room .
she was very angry , but under her fury was a horrible ache of pain .
it could not be only three hours since she had been so happy !
it must be more than that !
what had happened ?
had she made a fool of herself ?
ought she to have behaved in any other way ?
this poor hope was a small comfort .
it looked spiteful and jealous , and Spencer did not like people who were spiteful and jealous .
she would show him she was sorry when he came back , and it would be all right .
towards morning she fell asleep and awoke hardly remembering what had happened .
then it rolled back upon her crushingly .
but she rose and dressed in better spirits .
now the day was before her and something pleasant might happen .
Spencer might come back in the evening .
she would be doubly nice to him to make up .
Mrs Bowes looked sharply at her niece 's dull eyes and pale cheeks at the breakfast table .
she had her own thoughts of things .
she was a large , handsome woman with a rather harsh face .
the food she was eating seemed to choke her .
she wished she were a hundred miles away from everyone she ever knew .
Mrs Bowes gave a grunt of dissatisfaction .
it seemed to make everything so horribly sure .
you 're a little fool , Estella Bowes !
I don't believe that LeMar girl is a bit better than she ought to be .
Estella went about her work like one in a dream .
a great hatred had sprung up in her heart against Vivienne LeMar .
the simple-hearted country girl felt almost murderous .
the whole day seemed like a nightmare to her .
she wished that she might cry , but no tears came to her relief .
next day she went to work with furious energy .
when her usual tasks were done , she ransacked the house for other employment .
she was afraid if she stopped work for a moment she would go mad .
Mrs Bowes watched her with a grim pity .
at night she walked to prayer meeting in the schoolhouse a mile away .
she always went , and Spencer was generally on hand to see her home .
he was not there tonight .
she wished she had not come .
it was dreadful to have to sit still and think .
she did not hear a word the minister said .
she was tortured by the fear that everyone knew her shame and humiliation and was pitying her .
when she reached home she went into the garden and sat down .
the calm of the night soothed her .
she felt happier and more hopeful .
she was almost happy when she went in .
tomorrow is Sunday , she thought when she wakened in the morning .
Mrs Bowes seemed to be in a bad humour .
yet underneath it sprang up a wild , sweet hope .
I suppose he forgot it was prayer meeting night .
what did he say ?
he took good care to go before you got home too .
Miss LeMar entertained him .
Estella bent over her dishes in silence .
her face was deadly white .
as for Spencer coming back to me , do you think I want her leavings ?
you 'll see , he 'll be ashamed of himself when he comes to them again .
Estella faced around .
I can't stand it .
for pity 's sake , don't say another word to me about this , no matter what happens .
she watches us and it would please her to think I cared .
I don't and I mean she shall see I don't .
she went upstairs then , tearing off her turquoise engagement ring as she climbed the steps .
all sorts of wild ideas flashed through her head .
why couldn't she die ?
when twilight came she went out to the front steps and leaned her aching head against the honeysuckle trellis .
the sun had just set and the whole world swam in dusky golden light .
the wonderful beauty frightened her .
she felt like a blot on it .
while she stood there , a buggy came driving up the lane and wheeled about at the steps .
in it was Spencer Morgan .
had Spencer come the night before , he would have found her loving and humble .
the torturing doubt stung her to the quick .
she waited , stubbornly resolved that she would not speak first .
it was not in her place .
Spencer Morgan flicked his horse sharply with his whip .
he dared not look at Estella , but he felt her uncompromising attitude .
he was miserably ashamed of himself , and he felt angry at Estella for his shame .
Estella caught the glance and her jealous perception instantly divined its true significance .
her heart died within her .
she did not care what she said .
she 's away at the shore .
still , in spite of all , she perversely hoped .
when he drove away without another word , she could not believe it again .
she saw him disappear around the turn of the road .
oh , if he would only give her another chance !
she was in her room when she heard the buggy drive up again .
she knew it was Spencer and that he had brought Vivienne LeMar home .
the latter paused at sight of the white face and anguished eyes .
there was a little mocking smile on her lovely face .
Miss LeMar laughed softly .
she passed on to her room with a malicious smile .
Estella shrank back against the wall , humiliated and baffled .
Spencer never sought her again ; he went everywhere with Miss LeMar .
his infatuation was the talk of the settlement .
no one should say she cared .
she believed that the actress was merely deluding Spencer for her own amusement and would never dream of marrying him .
one evening she was alone in the parlour .
she had lit the lamp and was listlessly arranging the little room .
her colour was gone and her eyes were dull .
Estella dropped the book she held and gazed at her as one in a dream .
the actress 's face was flushed and her hair was wildly disordered .
her eyes glittered with an unearthly light .
she was talking incoherently .
the air was heavy with the fumes of brandy .
Estella laughed hysterically .
Vivienne LeMar was grossly intoxicated .
Estella turned white with the passion of the wild idea that had come to her .
Spencer Morgan should see this woman in her true colours .
she lost no time .
swiftly she left the room and locked the door behind her on the maudlin , babbling creature inside .
then she flung a shawl over her head and ran from the house .
it was not far to the Morgan homestead .
she ran all the way , hardly knowing what she was doing .
Mrs Morgan answered her knock .
she gazed in bewilderment at Estella 's wild face .
the elder woman stepped back in dumb amazement .
she knew and rued her son 's folly .
what could Estella want with him ?
the young man appeared in the doorway .
Estella caught him by the arm and pulled him outside .
but she wants you .
Estella followed him up the road breathlessly .
she pushed the key into his hand at the porch .
Spencer snatched the key and fitted it into the door .
he was full of fear .
had Estella gone out of her mind ?
had she done anything to Vivienne ?
as he entered , the actress reeled to her feet and came to meet him .
he stood and gazed at her stupidly .
this could not be Vivienne , this creature reeking with brandy , uttering such foolish words !
what fiend was this in her likeness ?
he grew sick at heart and brain ; she had her arms about him .
he flung her from him with an effort and rushed out through the hall and down the road like a madman .
Estella , watching him , felt that she was avenged .
she was glad with a joy more pitiful than grief .
Vivienne LeMar left the cottage the next day .
Mrs Bowes , suspecting some mystery , questioned Estella sharply , but could find out nothing .
the girl kept her own counsel stubbornly .
the interest and curiosity of the village centred around Spencer Morgan , and his case was well discussed .
gossip said that the actress had jilted him and that he was breaking his heart about it .
Estella heard it apathetically .
life seemed ended for her .
there was nothing to look forward to .
she could not even look back .
she had never met Spencer since the night she went after him .
she did not care .
it was rather a relief to hear that he was going away .
she would not be tortured by the fear of meeting him then .
she was sure he would never come back to her .
if he did , she would never forgive him .
one evening in early harvest Estella was lingering by the lane gate at twilight .
she leaned her head against the poplar by the gate .
in the dim light she could see how haggard and hollow-eyed he had grown .
he had changed almost as much as herself .
the girl 's first proud impulse was to turn coldly away and leave him .
but some strange tumult in her heart kept her still .
what had he come to say ?
there was a moment 's fateful silence .
then Spencer spoke in a muffled voice .
perhaps you won't speak to me .
you must hate me .
he paused , but she said no word .
she could not .
I 've behaved like a fool .
there isn't any excuse to be made for me .
I don't think I could have been in my right senses , Estella .
it all seems like some bad dream now .
I can't bear to live here any longer , so I am going away .
still she did not speak .
there were a hundred things she wanted to say but she could not say them .
did he mean that he loved her still ?
the young man turned away despairingly from her rigid attitude .
he had gone but a few steps when Estella suddenly found her voice with a gasp .
he came swiftly back .
he caught her hands in his .
I always have .
when it passed I hated life because I 'd lost you .
he broke down .
Estella flung her arms around his neck and put her face up to his .
she felt as if her heart must break with its great happiness .
he understood her mute pardon .
in their kiss the past was put aside .
Estella 's martyrdom was ended .
when I was a child I always thought a visit to Wyther Grange was a great treat .
she always wore stiffly-rustling gowns of rich silk made in the fashion of her youth .
I had many beloved haunts at the Grange , but I liked the garret best .
that old garret was a veritable fairyland to me .
when they came to the old chest , Grandmother rapped the top smartly with her keys .
it is almost thirty years since she was here .
Mrs DeLisle sighed softly and made no reply .
I had heard that her marriage with Mr DeLisle was loveless on her part and proved very unhappy .
I have no doubt that she will refuse .
later on a letter came to Grandmother ; she passed it over the table to Mrs DeLisle .
aunt Winnifred opened and read the letter and laid it down with a brief sigh .
but I cannot bear that anyone but myself should see or touch that one thing .
grandmother Laurance had died , but Aunt Winnifred still lived at the Grange .
there is no reason why it should not be examined now .
we went eagerly up the garret stairs .
aunt knelt down before the old chest and selected a key from the bunch at her belt .
she turned the key and lifted the heavy lid .
I bent forward eagerly .
a layer of tissue paper revealed itself , with a fine tracing of sifted dust in its crinkles .
I lifted the paper up and saw that the chest was divided into two compartments .
lying on the top of one was a small , square , inlaid box .
this Mrs DeLisle took up and carried to the window .
the first thing I took out was a small square case covered with dark purple velvet .
the tiny clasp was almost rusted away and yielded easily .
I gave a little cry of admiration .
aunt Winnifred bent over my shoulder .
Lovely indeed was the face looking out at me from its border of tarnished gilt .
I looked at the other portrait critically .
aunt Winnifred made no reply she was taking out the remaining contents of the box .
aunt laid the box aside and unpacked the chest in silence .
beneath it was a case containing a necklace of small but perfect pearls and a pair of tiny satin slippers .
in the second compartment lay a dress .
aunt Winnifred lifted it out reverently .
it was simply made and trimmed with cobwebby old lace .
you see I know nothing at all except her name .
I must be an old woman .
Eliza Laurance was my cousin , the only daughter of Uncle Henry Laurance .
both these girls were called Eliza after your great-grandmother .
I never saw Uncle George 's Eliza but once .
her home was in a distant city and she never came to Wyther Grange .
she had her little faults , of course , and was rather over much given to romance and sentiment .
mother never cared much for Eliza , I think , but everyone else liked her .
one winter Eliza came to Wyther Grange for a long visit .
the Grange was a very lively place then , Amy .
Eliza kept the old house ringing with merriment .
we went out a great deal and she was always the belle of any festivity we attended .
he became what you would call the rage .
but like all the rest , I was blinded by his charm .
Eliza loved him with her whole impulsive , girlish heart and made no attempt to hide it .
it was Eliza 's birthday , and we were invited to a ball that evening .
this yellow gown is the very one she wore .
she was engaged to Willis Starr , and they were to be married in early spring .
it passed quickly , but the chill fear that it gave me remained .
I had heard much about the great heiress , Eliza Laurance , and the great beauty , Eliza Laurance .
I guessed by her blush who was the writer .
I laughed and ran downstairs , leaving her to read it .
all the soft happiness and sweetness had gone out of them .
they were the eyes of an old woman , Amy .
then she turned to me .
there will be no wedding .
I echoed stupidly .
I am not the heiress , Winnie .
it was the fortune , not the girl , he loved .
he says he is too poor for us to dream of marrying when I have nothing .
oh , such a cruel , heartless letter !
it would have been so much more merciful !
I loved him so I trusted him so !
you can imagine their anger and dismay .
Eliza knew nothing of this , for she was ill and unconscious for many a day .
but this was in real life , and Eliza did not die , although many times we thought she would .
it almost broke my heart to see her .
her very nature seemed to have changed too all her joyousness and light-heartedness were dead .
he had made no second mistake .
we tried to keep it from Eliza but she found it out at last .
that was the day she came up here alone and packed this old chest .
nobody ever knew just what she put into it .
Eliza Laurance was really buried here .
presently Aunt Winnifred came back through the twilight shadows .
I should feel like a ghost if I did .
put everything back just as we found it only her portrait .
reverently we put gowns and letters and trinkets back into the old blue chest .
aunt Winnifred closed the lid and turned the key softly .
the Osbornes ' Christmas
the others , being older , couldn't .
but the fact of Christmas itself awoke no great enthusiasm in the hearts of the junior Osbornes .
Frank voiced their opinion of it the day after Cousin Myra had arrived .
he was sitting on the table with his hands in his pockets and a cynical sneer on his face .
nevertheless , he wondered uncomfortably what made Cousin Myra smile so queerly .
we know just exactly what is going to happen .
we even know pretty well what presents we are going to get .
and Christmas Day itself is always the same .
then there 's dinner .
it 's always so poky .
she knows I hate to be called Frankie .
and after dinner they 'll sit round and talk the rest of the day , and that 's all .
Cousin Myra smothered another of those queer smiles .
the Osbornes looked at Cousin Myra doubtfully .
they didn't understand .
or French Joe 's family over the hill ?
the Osbornes looked at each other .
this was a new idea .
Cousin Myra explained her plan , and the Osbornes grew enthusiastic over it .
Even Frank forgot that he was supposed to be wearing a cynical sneer .
he did not mean to be scornful .
he had heard Frank saying the same words in the same tone , and thought it signified approval .
for the next week the Osbornes were agog with excitement and interest .
never did a week pass so quickly .
and the Osbornes had never had such fun , either .
the junior Osbornes were having a Christmas dinner party of their own .
in the small dining room a table was spread and loaded with good things .
then their guests came .
everybody knew that Miss Rankin never kept Christmas .
what a merry dinner it was !
Myra had secretly been a little dubious about those four mischievous-looking lads , but their manners were quite flawless .
after the merry dinner was over , the junior Osbornes brought in a Christmas tree , loaded with presents .
besides , there were nuts and candies galore .
and the Osbornes understood what she meant .
and Aunt Beatrice believes that it was too .
aunt Beatrice was alone .
or , to speak more correctly , she had been darning them .
aunt Beatrice nodded .
the hole she was darning in the knee of Willie Hayden 's stocking must be done very carefully .
Mrs George Hayden was particular about such matters .
perhaps this was why Aunt Beatrice did not speak .
could Gilbert be ill ?
and the truth is I have no dress fit to wear .
at least Bella said so , because the party was to be a very fashionable affair .
she said my old grey silk wouldn't do at all .
of course she knows .
she had to have a new dress for it , and , we couldn't both have that .
George couldn't afford it these hard times .
but it doesn't matter .
he was only a boy at that time .
I like men like that .
they are so interesting .
wouldn't it be awfully nice and complimentary to have one of them in love with you ?
she wiped away the drop of blood and went on with her work .
Margaret watched her dreamily .
what lovely hair Aunt Beatrice had !
but Aunt Beatrice wore it in such an unbecoming way .
Margaret idly wondered if she would comb her hair straight back and prim when she was thirty-five .
she thought it very probable if that letter did not come tomorrow .
from Aunt Beatrice 's hair Margaret 's eyes fell to Aunt Beatrice 's face .
she gave a little jump .
had Aunt Beatrice been crying ?
Margaret 's sudden attack fairly startled the truth out of her .
I didn't care about a new dress .
I 'd have been quite willing to wear my grey silk , and I could have fixed the sleeves .
what difference would it have made ?
she paused long enough to give a little sob which she could not repress .
long ago fifteen years ago we were engaged .
she reached over and patted her aunt 's hand .
in her interest she quite forgot her own pet grievance .
it was a dreadful quarrel and it was about such a trifle .
we parted in anger and he went away .
he never came back .
well , it is all over long ago and everybody has forgotten .
nothing is impossible when I make up my mind .
you must go .
I 'll drag you there by main force if it comes to that .
oh , I have such a jolly plan , Auntie .
nothing suits me but the fluffy , chuffy things with a tilt to them .
but it 's as lovely as a dream .
oh , when you see it your eyes will stick out .
you must wear it tonight .
it 's not more than half an hour since Uncle George and Aunt Bella went .
so go at once and get you ready , while I fly over for the dress .
her niece 's excitement seized hold of her too .
she flung the stockings into the basket and the basket into the closet .
aunt Beatrice gave a little cry of admiration .
oh , Aunt Beatrice !
what magnificent arms and shoulders you have !
they 're like marble .
Margaret 's nimble fingers were keeping time with her tongue .
Margaret stepped back and clapped her hands admiringly .
now I 'll pop down for the cloak and fascinator .
Margaret went to Mrs Cunningham 's door with her .
but she did not altogether think so , and she rang the doorbell unquailingly .
in the hall Mrs Cunningham herself came beamingly to greet her .
I 'm so glad .
at the foot of the stairs they met .
he put out his hand .
it must be Beatrice !
Beatrice felt her heart beating to her fingertips .
oh , your brother 's wife !
I wasn't talking to her .
I 've been sulking in corners ever since I concluded you were not coming .
Beatrice laughed softly .
don't you remember you used to tell me I was too thin to be pretty ?
he was still holding her hand .
Margaret nodded .
I hope you 're not cold .
I must run before Aunt Bella gets here , or she 'll scold .
you were a dear to lend me this dress .
but it would weigh on my conscience all night if I didn't .
I was asleep , but I wakened up just before you came in and went to the window .
I didn't mean to spy upon anyone but that street was bright as day !
Margaret threw up her hands .
I 'm told it 's such a jolly place when the House is in session .
and you 'll need somebody to help you entertain , you know .
the wife of a cabinet minister has to do lots of that .
but I forgot he isn't a cabinet minister yet .
but he will be , of course .
promise that you 'll have me , Aunt Beatrice , promise quick .
aunt Beatrice promised .
Margaret flew to the door .
Chester did the chores with unusual vim that night .
Mrs Elwell saw him flying around , and her grim features took on a still grimmer expression .
his parents had died in his babyhood , and Mrs Elwell had taken him to bring up .
Upton people said it was a shame , but nobody felt called upon to interfere .
Mrs Elwell was not a person one would care to make an enemy of .
the other boys are ever so far ahead of me .
Chester thought of the drudgery that had been his portion all his life .
do let me go , Aunt Harriet .
Chester did his errand at the Bridge with a heart full of bitter disappointment and anger .
the bottle of vinegar slipped from his hand and was broken on the doorstep .
Mrs Elwell saw the accident from the window .
she rushed out and jerked the unlucky lad to his feet .
you did it on purpose .
Chester crept off to his garret chamber with a very sullen face .
but his whole being was in a tumult of rebellion over the injustice that was meted out to him .
to talk of running away was one thing .
to do it without a cent in your pocket or a place to run to was another .
he lay awake late that night , thinking out ways and means , but could arrive at no satisfactory conclusion .
Chester heard the news gladly .
the following fortnight was a comparatively happy one for the lad .
his mind was firmly made up .
when he reached home , he found Mrs Elwell in an unusual state of worry .
take yourself off to bed , Ches .
Chester had been shifting about uneasily .
here he sat down and reflected on his plans .
his preparations did not take long .
he had nothing to carry with him .
Chester meant to walk to Roxbury Station ten miles away .
nobody knew him there , and he could catch the morning train .
Late as it was , he kept to fields and wood-roads lest he might be seen and recognized .
Chester was awakened by the shriek of the express at the last crossing before the station .
Chester 's heart quaked within him at the momentary thought that the ticket agent recognized him .
he had an agonized vision of being collared without ceremony and haled straightway back to Aunt Harriet .
when the ticket and his change were pushed out to him , he snatched them and fairly ran .
Chester drew an audible sigh of relief when the train left the station .
meanwhile , it behooved him to keep his eyes open .
on the road from Roxbury to Belltown there was not much to be seen that morning that Chester did not see .
the train reached Belltown about noon .
he did not mean to stop long there it was too near Upton .
Montrose was a hundred miles from Upton , and Chester thought he would be safe there .
he went into a grocery store and bought some crackers and a bit of cheese .
Chester , you see , possessed imagination .
Chester pocketed his remaining crackers and cheese and his visions also , and was once more his alert , wide-awake self .
when the boat steamed down the muddy little river , Chester was on board of her .
they often went to Belltown on business , but never to Montrose .
Chester did not exactly like being called a little boy .
but her voice and smile were irresistible and won his heart straightway .
so Chester ate it .
the rosy lady watched every mouthful he ate as if she enjoyed it more than he did .
the rosy lady nodded , well pleased .
nobody up our way can match it , though goodness knows they try hard enough .
my great-grandmother invented the recipe herself , and it has been in our family ever since .
it was almost dark when they reached Montrose .
Montrose was not really a very big place .
Chester , after paying his fare to Montrose and buying his cheese and crackers , had just sixty cents left .
Back to this he went and soon succeeded in finding a place to stow himself .
Montrose seemed less alarming by daylight , which was not so bewildering as the blinking electric lights .
there was , however , one class of places Chester shunned determinedly .
he never went into a liquor saloon .
she herself had suffered bitterly through it , and she instilled into her pupils a thorough aversion to it .
Chester would have chosen death by starvation before he would have sought for employment in a liquor saloon .
nobody wanted a boy .
he would be thorough , at least .
the fat , stubby man roared with laughter .
what was grim earnest to poor Chester was a joke to him .
no , no , our boy must be a big , strapping fellow of eighteen or nineteen .
Chester went out of the store with a queer choking in his throat .
a nice ending that would be to his fine dreams !
he thrust his hands into his pockets and strode along the street , biting his lips fiercely .
and he would find work !
Chester did not cry , but neither , alas , did he find work .
in spite of his pluck , his heart began to fail him .
he sat gloomily on the wall of his sleeping apartment and munched the one solitary cracker he had left .
it must carry him through the day unless he got work .
he started uptown rather aimlessly .
he envied every busy boy he saw .
now he was burdened with spare time .
it certainly did not seem as if things were fairly divided , he thought .
and then he thought no more just then , for one of the queer spells in his head came on .
he had experienced them at intervals during the last three days .
Chester felt bitter whenever he thought of Aunt Harriet .
presently he found himself in the market square of Montrose .
it was market day , and the place was thronged with people from the surrounding country settlements .
two men were talking to each other near him .
at first Chester gave no heed to their conversation , but presently a sentence made him prick up his ears .
it 's terrible hard to get any help .
Salome Whitney at the Mount Hope Farm is in a predicament .
if workers were wanted in Hopedale , that was the place for him .
he had done a man 's work at harvest time in Upton the year before .
Lige Barton had said so himself .
hope and courage returned with a rush .
he accosted the first man he met and asked if he could tell him the way to Hopedale .
I live in the next district .
want to go there ?
if you wait till evening , I can give you a lift part of the way .
Turn to your right , and over the hill is Hopedale .
but you 'd better wait for me .
walk five miles !
he could walk twenty with hope to lure him on .
he had grown to hate the town with its cold , unheeding faces .
he had to stop and rest frequently , when those queer dizzy spells came on .
he would not give in now !
the white and yellow church was the most welcome sight that had ever met his eyes .
over the hill he met a man and inquired the way to Mount Hope Farm .
fortunately , it was nearby .
at the gate Chester had to stop again to recover from his dizziness .
there was an appearance of peace and prosperity about it .
if only Miss Salome Whitney will hire me ! thought Chester wistfully , as he crept up the slope .
I 'm afraid she 'll say I 'm too small .
Wisht I could stretch three inches all at once .
Wisht I wasn't so dizzy .
trees , barns , well-sweep , all whirled around him with the speed of wind .
Miss Salome wanted them boiled ; Clemantiny Bosworth , the help , insisted that they ought to be baked .
Clemantiny was always very positive .
Miss Salome knew that when Clemantiny dragged her grandmother into the question , it was time to surrender .
beyond that , dignity degenerated into stubbornness .
Clemantiny swept out through the porch and jerked open the door .
there was a moment 's silence .
what Miss Salome saw when she hurried out was a white-faced boy stretched on the doorstep at Clemantiny 's feet .
he ain't hardly heavier than a baby .
well , this is a mysterious piece of work .
run for the ammonia , Salome .
but Miss Salome had gone for the ammonia .
there was a look on the boy 's thin , pallid face that tugged painfully at her heart-strings .
when he opened his eyes , Miss Salome knew him .
Chester thought that this must be the mistress of Mount Hope Farm , and hastened to propitiate her .
the boy was really almost starved .
he drank every drop of it .
I belong to Upton up the country .
he was new to deception .
as for his name , it was Chester Benson Stephens .
and we don't want any more help , anyway .
Chester grew sick with disappointment .
but at this moment Miss Salome spoke up .
we want another hand , and I 'll hire you , Chester that 's your name , isn't it ?
by this time Chester had grasped the wonderful fact that his troubles were ended for a while , at least .
he raised himself up on one arm and looked gratefully at Miss Salome .
it came out so strong when he sat up just now that it made me feel like crying .
for law 's sake , don't fluster me , Salome .
there 's a hundred and one things to be done out of hand .
after dinner Chester decided that it was time to make himself useful .
Clemantiny did not choose to answer this appeal .
she rattled her dishes noisily into the dishpan .
there 's only the spare room left .
when Clemantiny employed big words and sarcasm at the same time , the effect was tremendous .
but Miss Salome didn't wilt .
I worked in Upton years ago , and there weren't any Bensons there then .
it 's a sort of duty .
Clemantiny opened her mouth and shut it again .
she understood that it would be a waste of breath to say anything more .
then she hires him and puts him in Johnny 's room .
Johnny 's room !
perhaps Miss Salome hardly knew what she meant .
but somehow her heart went out warmly to this boy .
in spite of Clemantiny 's sniffs , she held to the opinion that he looked like Johnny .
Johnny was a little nephew of hers .
she had taken him to bring up when his parents died , and she had loved him very dearly .
it was just as Johnny had left it .
beyond keeping it scrupulously clean , Miss Salome never allowed it to be disturbed .
and now a somewhat ragged lad from nowhere was to be put into it !
no wonder Clemantiny shook her head when Miss Salome went up to air it .
Even Clemantiny had to admit that Chester was willing to work .
he split wood until she called him to stop .
after that , she sent him to the garden to pick the early beans .
but he looks too cute by half .
and his name isn't Benson any more than mine .
she bent over him and kissed his forehead .
Chester had never been kissed by anyone before , so far as he could remember .
something came up in his throat that felt about as big as a pumpkin .
at the same moment he wished he could have told Miss Salome the whole truth about himself .
but on second thought he decided that this would never do .
no , he could not tell her .
but she gave him cream with his porridge that morning .
generally , all Miss Salome 's hired hands got from Clemantiny was skim milk .
Miss Salome 's regular hired man lived in a little house down in the hollow .
Martin , the man , looked Chester over quizzically .
Chester soon proved his mettle in the harvest field .
his active feet were untiring and his wiry arms could pitch and stock with the best .
it was hardly fair to put the bones in now , for Chester was growing plump and hearty .
he had never been so happy in his life .
Upton drudgery and that dreadful week in Montrose seemed like a bad dream .
here , in the golden meadows of Mount Hope Farm , he worked with a right good will .
the men liked him , and he soon became a favourite with them .
Even Clemantiny relented somewhat .
but Chester soon learned that Clemantiny 's bark was worse than her bite .
she was really very good to him and fed him lavishly .
but she declared that this was only to put some flesh on him .
we aren't used to such objects at Mount Hope Farm , thank goodness .
yes , you may smile , Salome .
he 's mighty close about his past life .
you can't get any more out of him than juice out of a post .
but it was Miss Salome who had won Chester 's whole heart .
he had never loved anybody in his hard little life before .
he loved her with an almost dog-like devotion .
he forgot that he was working to earn money and make his fortune .
he worked to please Miss Salome .
she went to the little porch room every night to kiss him good night .
Chester would have been bitterly disappointed if she had failed to go .
she was greatly shocked to find out that he had never said his prayers before going to bed .
when Chester found that it would please her , he said it every night .
there was nothing he would not have done for Miss Salome .
one day he heard Miss Salome speaking of someone who had run away from home .
when did anything ever escape those merciless black eyes of Clemantiny 's ?
when the harvest season drew to a close , dismay crept into the soul of our hero .
where would he go now ?
he hated to think of leaving Mount Hope Farm and Miss Salome .
one day Miss Salome had a conference with Clemantiny .
his time was up , and now he was to be paid his wages and sent away .
but that did not reconcile him to leaving Mount Hope Farm .
Miss Salome was sitting in her favourite sunny corner of the kitchen and Clemantiny was flying around with double briskness .
Chester nodded .
but he would not let Clemantiny see him cry .
somehow , he would not have minded Miss Salome .
Miss Salome went on .
it isn't right of me to say so , perhaps .
I really don't know much about him .
and there are the apples to be picked .
if he would care to stay !
Chester could have laughed aloud .
I 'll try to do everything you want me to do .
she put her arms about Chester and drew him to her .
that day was the beginning of a new life for him .
he began to go to the Hopedale school the next week .
Miss Salome gave him all Johnny 's old school books and took an eager interest in his studies .
he was not what he pretended to be .
and as for his running away , he felt sure that Miss Salome would view that with horror .
he began to wish that he had the courage to tell her the whole truth about himself .
but he could never be that as long as he kept the truth about himself from Miss Salome .
but she said it a little anxiously .
she , too , had noticed Chester 's absent ways and abstracted face .
I don't suppose he has robbed a bank or murdered anybody .
she was fated not to know for a fortnight longer .
during that time Chester fought out his struggle with himself , and conquered .
he must tell Miss Salome , he decided , with a long sigh .
Miss Salome was making some of her famous taffy , and Clemantiny was spinning yarn on the big wheel .
I 've got to tell it now .
she dropped her spoon , handle and all , into the taffy and never noticed it .
my name is Chester Benson Stephens , and I lived at Upton with Aunt Harriet Elwell .
but she ain't any relation to me , really .
she 's only father 's stepsister .
Clemantiny turned to Miss Salome with an air of surrendering a dearly cherished opinion .
such a coincidence !
it doesn't make you and him any relation , of course the cousinship is on the mother 's side .
but it 's there .
Mary Morrow was born and brought up in Hopedale .
she went to Upton when I did , and married Oliver Stephens there .
thus adjured , Chester sat down and told them all about it his moonlight flitting and his adventures in Montrose .
when Chester finished , she nodded .
there 's nothing more behind , Salome .
Miss Salome looked at him wistfully .
Chester nodded .
he knew this , but he could not trust himself to speak .
then did Clemantiny arise in her righteous indignation .
go back , indeed !
there 's no one else to take Chester 's part , it seems .
Miss Salome looked troubled .
perhaps there was something in Clemantiny 's argument .
and she hated to think of seeing Chester go .
if you think you ought to go back to your aunt , well and good .
this was the hardest yet .
Chester wished she had not left the decision to him .
it was like cutting off his own hand .
but he spoke up manfully .
I 'll go back to Upton with you .
we 'll start tomorrow .
Well , this taffy is all burnt to the saucepan and clean ruined but what 's the odds !
Mount Hope Farm was a strangely dismal place that night .
Miss Salome sighed heavily and often as she made her preparations for the morrow 's journey .
Clemantiny stalked about with her grim face grimmer than ever .
that talk comforted Chester .
it was late and an aroma of boiling sugar hung about her .
she doesn't know what she 's sending him to , or she wouldn't .
he didn't say much against his aunt , and Salome thinks she was only just a little bit cranky .
Early in the morning Miss Salome and Chester started .
they were to drive to Montrose , leave their team there and take the boat for Belltown .
Chester bade farewell to the porch chamber and the long , white kitchen and the friendly barns with a full heart .
when he climbed into the wagon , Clemantiny put a big bagful of taffy into his hands .
then Clemantiny went back into the kitchen and cried good , rough-spoken , tender-hearted Clemantiny sat down and cried .
back over Chester 's runaway route they went , and reached Belltown on the boat that evening .
here Miss Salome hired a team from the storekeeper and drove out to Upton .
they went to the door and knocked .
it was opened with a jerk and Mrs Elwell stood before them .
she had probably seen them from the window , for she uttered no word of surprise at seeing Chester again .
indeed , she said nothing at all , but only stood rigidly before them .
her black eyes flashed with anger .
her gentle nature was grievously stirred by the heartlessness shown in the face and voice of Mrs Elwell .
she was afraid she had been undignified , but she wished for a moment that Clemantiny was there .
Mrs Elwell slammed the door shut .
though , mind you , I don't think it was right , for all that .
but I 'm gladder than words can say that she wouldn't take you back .
you are mine now , and you will stay mine .
I want you to call me Aunt Salome after this .
get up , horse !
Chester was too happy to speak .
he had never felt so glad and grateful in his life before .
she set down her pail and came out to the lane on a run .
it was such a satisfactory church .
the very name of Exeter gave the members of presbytery the cold creeps .
Danbridge church was in a chronic state of ministerlessness .
no minister ever stayed in Danbridge longer than he could help .
the people were too critical , and they were also noted heresy hunters .
good ministers fought shy of Danbridge , and poor ones met with a chill welcome .
they looked with horror-stricken eyes on the Danbridge theological coquetries .
the moderator said under his breath that they did over-much praying and too little hoeing .
they were especially strong on societies .
there was a Mission Band and a Helping Hand among the children .
to this day ministers and elders tell the story of the Putney church strike with sparkling eyes and subdued chuckles .
it never grows old or stale .
but the Putney elders are an exception .
they never laugh at it .
they never refer to it .
this suited the Putney Auxiliary very well .
it was in direct contravention to the teachings of St Paul .
to make matters worse , Mr Sinclair declared himself on the elders ' side .
the members of the Auxiliary were aghast .
out of doors the world basked in June sunshine and preened itself in blossom .
inside the classroom disgusted women buzzed like angry bees .
Mary Kilburn was always plaintive .
I always said that man would make trouble here yet , ever since he moved to Putney from Danbridge .
Frances was the Putney schoolteacher .
the others nodded agreement .
Mr Sinclair 's inveterate celibacy was a standing grievance with the Putney women .
Mrs Robbins was the president .
she was a big , bustling woman with clear blue eyes and crisp , incisive ways .
hitherto she had held her peace .
but she thought the time had now come to speak .
they are not trying to prevent us .
a helpless silence descended upon the classroom .
the eyes of every woman present turned to Myra Wilson .
everyone could talk , but when it came to action they had a fashion of turning to Myra .
she had a reputation for cleverness and originality .
she never talked much .
so far today she had not said a word .
she was sitting on the sill of the window across from Lucy Knox .
Myra put her long , slender index finger to her chin .
when Elder Knox went in to tea that evening he glanced somewhat apprehensively at his wife .
but Mrs Knox was placid and smiling .
Mrs Knox 's voice was calm and faintly amused .
Lucy Knox turned her head away to hide a smile .
the elder beamed .
since the decision of the session Mrs Knox had made his life a burden to him .
Elder Knox stared perplexedly at his wife .
Mrs Knox had been one of the foremost promoters of the enterprise .
her father 's face was too much for her .
Mrs Knox opened her mellow brown eyes widely , as if in amazement at her husband 's tone .
she had borrowed that phrase from Myra Wilson , and it floored the elder .
he got up , seized his hat , and strode from the room .
that night , at Jacob Wherrison 's store at the Corner , the Putney men talked over the new development .
the social was certainly off for a time , anyway .
this was an unpleasant question .
the others shirked it .
on Sunday morning the men were conscious of a bare , deserted appearance in the church .
Mr Sinclair perceived it himself .
the table before the pulpit was bare .
on the organ a vase held a sorry , faded bouquet left over from the previous week .
dust lay thickly on the pulpit Bible , the choir chairs , and the pew backs .
women haven't any business to meddle in church matters .
it was well for Polly that she was too big to have her ears boxed .
even so , it might not have saved her if they had been anywhere else than in church .
where were the sopranos and the altos ?
Myra was looking out of the window into the tangled sunlight and shadow of the great maples .
Alethea Craig was reading her Bible .
presently Frances Spenslow came in .
Eben Craig , who was the Putney singing master and felt himself responsible for the choir , fidgeted uneasily .
Frances looked up calmly .
Eben Craig looked exceedingly foolish .
he tiptoed gingerly back to his place .
nobody who heard the singing in Putney church that day ever forgot it .
untrained basses and tenors , unrelieved by a single female voice , are not inspiring .
there were no announcements of society meetings for the forthcoming week .
Sunday School that afternoon was a harrowing failure .
in the Christian Endeavour meeting on Tuesday night the feminine element sat dumb and unresponsive .
the men held out for two weeks .
I know , for I 've tried .
my authority has been set at naught in my own household .
the condition of the church for dust was something scandalous , and strangers were making a mockery of the singing .
and the carpet had to be paid for .
he supposed they would have to let the women have their own way .
the next Sunday evening after service Mr Sinclair arose hesitatingly .
the women all over the church smiled broadly .
Frances Spenslow got up and went to the organ stool .
the singing in the last hymn was good and hearty .
the strike in the Putney church was over .
the Unhappiness of Miss Farquhar
Frances had been out for three years , and was a social favourite .
consequently , it may be wondered why she was unhappy .
then the crash came .
he got his freedom and he married Maud Carroll in six months ' time .
as for Mrs Farquhar , she cried and said it would ruin Frances 's future prospects .
the girl herself took no part in the family indignation meetings .
but she believed that her heart was broken .
her love and her pride had suffered equally , and the effect seemed disastrous .
after a while the Farquhars calmed down and devoted themselves to the task of cheering Frances up .
when the summer came Frances asserted herself .
the Farquhars went to Green Harbour every summer .
but this time Frances said she would not go , and stuck to it .
the whole family took turns coaxing her and had nothing to show for their pains .
Ned whistled .
Windy Meadows is about as festive as a funeral .
Ned went out and swore at Holcomb again , and then advised his mother to humour Frances .
accordingly , Frances went to Windy Meadows .
she left Frances in peace .
for the first fortnight Frances revelled in a luxury of unhindered sorrow .
and there were no men who demanded civility .
Frances was getting paler and thinner every day and she was spoiling her eyelashes by crying .
I promised her last week that I would , but I 've never had time yet .
and today is baking and churning day .
it 's a shame .
she has been ill with rheumatic fever .
she ought to go out more , but she isn't able to walk .
I really must try and get around tomorrow .
but even the luxury of unlimited grief palls , and Frances was beginning to feel this vaguely .
she offered to go and take Miss Sherwood out driving .
Corona Sherwood herself came to the door .
her eyes brightened with delight when Frances told her errand .
I want to see poor little Jacky Hart .
Corona laughed .
and I want to see Jacky Hart so much .
he has been ill for some time with some disease of the spine and he is worse lately .
Jacky Hart 's home proved to be a tiny little place overflowing with children .
she spoke of Jacky with the apathy of hopelessness .
the doctor said he would not last much longer .
she told all her troubles unreservedly to Corona in her monotonous voice .
when Mrs Hart asked Corona to go in and see Jacky , Frances went too .
the air was hot and heavy .
Mrs Hart stood at the foot of the bed with her tragic face .
I 've been up for three nights running now .
Jabez was off to the tavern for two .
Corona looked troubled .
Corona introduced him , and he took Grey Tom away and put him in the barn .
then he went back to his sweet peas .
Jacky greeted her with a wonderful smile , and later on she found herself watching alone by his bed .
Jacky was restless and wakeful , but did not suffer , and liked to talk .
the pitiful little sentences made Frances 's heart ache .
the maternal instinct of the true woman awoke in her .
she took a sudden liking to the child .
he was a spiritual little creature , and his sufferings had made him old and wise .
once in the night he told Frances that he thought the angels must look like her .
it was a woman with a li'l baby in her arms and a kind of rim round her head .
Frances stooped and kissed him .
he put up his hand and touched her cheek .
when morning came Frances went home .
it was raining , and the sea was hidden in mist .
not that she knew much about ministers .
he tucked the wet , slippery rubber apron of his conveyance about her and then proceeded to ask questions .
Frances felt faintly amused .
his indifference piqued Frances a little in spite of her murdered heart .
Frances went through the rain that afternoon and read tracts to Aunt Clorinda .
in the morning she went to church for the first time since coming to Windy Meadows .
later on Aunt Eleanor told her it was for his health .
this was all of a month later .
during that time Frances thought that she must have been re-created , so far was her old self left behind .
she seldom had an idle moment ; when she had , she spent it with Corona .
the two girls had become close friends , loving each other with the intensity of exceptional and somewhat exclusive natures .
incidentally , Frances had come to know the young minister , with his lofty ideals and earnest efforts , very well .
one night Frances told Corona all about Holcomb .
Elliott Sherwood was away , and Frances had gone up to stay all night with Corona at the manse .
they were sitting in the moonlit gloom of Corona 's room , and Frances felt confidential .
she had expected to feel badly and cry a little while she told it .
Corona was deeply sympathetic .
you only imagined you did .
and he was not worthy of you .
you are so good , dear ; those shore people just worship you .
Frances laughed and said she was not at all good .
yet she was pleased .
you must know you are very lovely , Frances .
the summer went very quickly .
one day Jacky Hart died drifted out with the ebb tide , holding Frances 's hand .
she had loved the patient , sweet-souled little creature and missed him greatly .
when the time to go home came Frances felt dull .
Elliott Sherwood came up the night before she went away .
Elliott Sherwood had been absent from Windy Meadows for several days .
there was a subdued jubilance in his manner .
I have just received a call to Castle Street church , and it is my intention to accept .
Frances tried to tell him how glad she was , but only stammered .
Elliott Sherwood came close up to her as she stood by the window in the fading light , and said
some things should be left to the imagination .
she was a slight , dark girl , rather plain-looking , but with a smart , energetic way .
the summer term had just opened in the Maitland district .
she smiled brightly at Mr Baxter .
Mr Baxter nodded .
Mr Cropper was opposed to our hiring you .
he says female teachers can't keep order .
a man might , but they 'd twist you around their fingers .
Mr Baxter privately had no hope that they would , but Esther hoped for the best .
she could not believe that Mr Cropper would carry his prejudices into a personal application .
he was a big , handsome man with a very suave , polite manner .
Esther felt relieved .
she thought that Mr Baxter had exaggerated matters a little .
and Mrs Charley knows it too , although she can't prove it more 's the pity !
I don't say Isaac Cropper steals those plums with his own hands .
Isaac acted mean and scandalous clear through , and public opinion has been down on him ever since .
there was a strip of disputed land between the two farms , and she secured it .
there 's a big plum tree growing on it close to the line fence .
it 's the finest one in Maitland .
he claims the land and says the plums are his .
I don't doubt that he is quite clear in his own mind that they are .
and he does hate Mrs Charley .
but a month later she had changed her opinion .
during that time the Cropper boys had come to school .
at first Esther had been inclined to like them .
for a few days all went well , and Esther felt decidedly relieved .
but before long a subtle spirit of insubordination began to make itself felt in the school .
Esther found herself powerless to cope with it .
some complaints were heard among the ratepayers and even Mr Baxter looked dubious .
it had been an especially hard day in school .
when questioned every pupil denied having done or helped to do it .
that gentleman himself came in from the harvest field looking as courtly as usual , even in his rough working clothes .
Mr Cropper 's voice expressed bland surprise .
as a rule I do not think Alfred and Robert have been troublesome to their teachers .
I have always said I considered it advisable to employ a male teacher in Maitland school .
we should have better order .
I should be glad to see you succeed .
boys soon know when they can disobey a teacher with impunity .
no doubt you will be able to secure a school easier to control and will do good work .
but here , as I have already said , we need a firm hand at the helm .
but you are not going yet , Miss Maxwell ?
you need some refreshment after your long walk .
when she got home she shut herself up in her room and cried .
there was nothing for her to do but resign , she thought dismally .
on the following Saturday Esther went for an afternoon walk , carrying her kodak with her .
it was a brilliantly fine autumn day , and woods and fields were basking in a mellow haze .
Esther went across lots to Mrs Charley Cropper 's house , intending to make a call .
but the house was locked up and evidently deserted , so she rambled past it to the back fields .
Just beyond her , with its laden boughs hanging over the line fence , was the famous plum tree .
Esther looked at it for a moment .
then an odd smile gleamed over her face and she lifted her kodak .
Monday evening Esther called on Mr Cropper again .
I have brought you up a proof .
she rose and placed the proof on the table before Mr Cropper .
the plum tree came out clearly .
Bob and Alf Cropper were up among the boughs picking the plums .
on the ground beneath them stood their father with a basket of fruit in his hand .
Mr Cropper looked at the proof and from it to Esther .
his eyes had lost their unconcerned glitter , but his voice was defiant .
it 's only a trifle , anyhow .
and about that little matter we were discussing the other night , Miss Maxwell .
complaint died away , and at the end of the term Esther was re-engaged .
Esther smiled .
End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Lucy Maud Montgomery Short Stories , @number@ to @number@ by Lucy Maud Montgomery
when we had travelled through the vast extent of the mahogany box , I looked into my guide 's face .
wherever there is mirth , our merry hearts are drawn to it .
blessed pair , whose happy home was throughout all the earth !
here let me have credit for a sober fact .
my reflections were here interrupted .
it was a red Indian , armed with his bow and arrow .
the Indian had not long been seated , ere our merry damsel sought to draw him into conversation .
at length , she inquired whether his journey had any particular end or purpose .
I started .
every honest man should have his livelihood .
dreading a rejection , I solicited the interest of the merry damsel .
the young foreigner flourished his fiddle-bow with a master 's hand , and gave an inspiring echo to the showman's melody .
So saying , the Methodist minister switched his steed , and rode westward .
THE CRICKET ON THE HEARTH By CHARLES DICKENS
ILLUSTRATED BY GEORGE ALFRED WILLIAMS
New York THE PLATT & PECK CO .
copyright , @number@ by THE BAKER & TAYLOR COMPANY
the success of the book was immediate .
Dickens seems to have put his whole self into these glowing little stories .
but there remains a host of characters marked by humour and pathos .
yet the pictorial presentation of Dickens 's characters has ever tended toward the grotesque .
GEORGE ALFRED WILLIAMS . Chatham , N
THE CRICKET ON THE HEARTH
THE CRICKET ON THE HEARTH
a FAIRY TALE OF HOME
the kettle began it !
don't tell me what Mrs Peerybingle said .
I know better .
I ought to know , I hope ?
why , I am not naturally positive .
nothing should induce me .
but , this is a question of fact .
contradict me , and I 'll say ten .
and this is what led to it , and how it came about .
besides , the kettle was aggravating and obstinate .
it was quarrelsome , and hissed and spluttered morosely at the fire .
the kettle had had the last of its solo performance .
the kettle 's weak side clearly being that he didn't know when he was beat .
there was all the excitement of a race about it .
chirp , chirp , chirp !
chirp , chirp , chirp !
chirp , chirp , chirp !
Kettle slow and steady .
chirp , chirp , chirp !
Kettle not to be finished .
but she was worth the trouble .
six foot six , with the lumbago , might have done it .
I don't know much about it .
I only know that I 've been fighting pretty stiffly with the wind to-night .
bless it , I could smother it with kissing it , I could !
she had the blithest little laugh you ever heard .
here 's a clothes basket for the small parcels , John , if you 've got any there .
where are you , John ?
it always has done so .
but it was probably one of his narrow escapes , for he said nothing .
oh , yes !
John remembered .
I should think so !
it seemed so full of promise and encouragement .
and really he had reason .
they were very comely .
John returned .
John nodded .
he looked upon her with a thoughtful pleasure , but he made no answer .
the manner and the music were quite changed .
John said these latter words outside the door , whither he had hurried with the candle in his hand .
on which he sat down quite composedly .
then he got in .
he was only going to speak .
the Carrier and his wife exchanged a look of perplexity .
he quietly turned over , and resumed his reading .
Mrs Peerybingle instantly struck in .
vaccinated just six weeks ago-o !
equal to the general run of children at five months o-ld !
good evening , Tilly !
good evening , Unbeknown !
there 's rather a run on Noah 's Arks at present .
flies an't on that scale , neither , as compared with elephants , you know !
ah , well !
yes , yes ; that 's mine .
you loved him like a son ; didn't you ?
you needn't say you did . I know , of course .
yes , yes , it 's all right .
it 's a box of dolls ' eyes for my daughters ' work .
let me see .
that 's what I came for ; but my head 's so running on them Arks and things !
that 's all .
he might have spared himself the trouble , for he met the visitor upon the threshold .
you are here , are you ?
wait a bit .
I 'll take you home .
they were his only relief , and safety-valve .
he was great in such inventions .
anything suggestive of a Pony nightmare was delicious to him .
what he was in toys , he was ( as most men are ) in other things .
still , Tackleton , the toy merchant , was going to be married .
in spite of all this , he was going to be married .
but a Bridegroom he designed to be .
I don't think I did .
the indignation of Dot at this presumptuous assertion is not to be described .
the man was mad .
I always do .
there are four walls and a ceiling at my house .
I know their way .
it 's my whim .
doubtless you would .
I 'm certain of it .
the Carrier was puzzled , and made uncomfortable and uncertain , in spite of himself .
we 're exactly alike in reality , I see .
you won't give us to-morrow evening ?
next day you go out visiting , I know .
I 'll meet you there , and bring my wife that is to be .
it 'll do her good .
you 're agreeable ?
she had risen from her seat , and stood like one transfixed by terror and surprise .
the Stranger had advanced towards the fire to warm himself , and stood within a short stride of her chair .
they were all about her in a moment .
what is it ?
she only answered by beating her hands together , and falling into a wild fit of laughter .
the old man standing , as before , quite still .
but John was on the other side of her .
why turn her face towards the strange old gentleman , as if addressing him .
was her brain wandering ?
Caleb , come here !
bring that box !
let it fall , and I 'll murder you !
Dark as pitch , and weather worse than ever , eh ?
she always would sit on that little stool .
the bright fire , blazing up again , acknowledged it !
the little Mower on the clock , in his unheeded work , acknowledged it !
dots of all ages and all sizes filled the chamber .
oh , Dot !
there is no place for it in all your husband 's visions .
why has its shadow fallen on his hearth ?
I have said that Caleb and his poor Blind Daughter lived here .
and all was Caleb 's doing ; all the doing of her simple father !
in the midst of all these objects , Caleb and his daughter sat at work .
the Blind Girl rested from her work , and laughed with delight .
I don't know which way to look .
I was quite ashamed .
Happy Blind Girl !
you told me it was blue before !
Ha , ha , ha !
she had spoken of his free step .
she was right in that .
heaven knows !
what a pity that the whole front of the house opens at once !
it was a Bacchanalian song , something about a Sparkling Bowl .
he hadn't what is generally termed a singing face , by any means .
I hope you can afford to work too .
the Blind Girl smiled and nodded .
ah , Bertha !
a wedding , you know ; a wedding .
on that account I want to join the party , and to bring May and her mother .
I 'll send in a little something or other , before the afternoon .
a cold leg of mutton , or some comfortable trifle of that sort .
Bertha remained where he had left her , lost in meditation .
the gaiety had vanished from her downcast face , and it was very sad .
Cheerful and neat it was , wherever Bertha 's hands could busy themselves .
but nowhere else were cheerfulness and neatness possible in the old crazy shed which Caleb 's fancy so transformed .
and she was indeed .
it was quite a rare thing to Caleb not to have to draw on his invention .
her voice is sweet and musical , I know .
I have often loved to hear it .
his face is benevolent , kind , and tender .
Honest and true , I am sure it is .
what opportunities for proving all her truth and her devotion to him !
but , as this might be considered ungenteel , I 'll think of it .
this monosyllable was addressed to the horse , who didn't mind it at all .
that 's capital !
he was sound asleep , sure-ly !
Dot making no reply , they jogged on , for some little time , in silence .
but who cared for such trifles ?
the canal was rather slow and torpid ; that must be admitted .
what experience he could ever have had of blind people or blind dogs I don't know .
May was very pretty .
she also wore her gloves .
as Tilly stared about her at the dolls and toys , they stared at her and at the company .
hollow as a drum that laugh , though .
and he looked as if he could have twisted Dot 's neck comfortably .
here we are !
for you ought to know that he only rested there , and gave the old horse a bait .
this was the order of the day on all the Picnic occasions , and had been ever since their institution .
but it was not so soon done , either .
what time the dreamy Caleb still stood , watching his blind daughter , with the same expression on his face .
what is it ?
Caleb drew his hand across his eyes before he answered her .
Caleb was very much perplexed to understand her .
that I might be sure I have it right !
but I have never had these feelings long .
her father could not choose but let his moist eyes overflow ; she was so earnest and pathetic .
but he did not understand her yet .
the Blind Girl turned immediately , and held her by both hands .
light upon your happy course !
father , May , Mary !
give her your arm , May !
Caleb and Bertha had returned some time before , and Caleb had sat down to his afternoon 's work .
but he couldn't settle to it , poor fellow , being anxious and remorseful for his daughter .
not as good wives are when listening for their husbands .
no , no , no .
it was another sort of restlessness from that .
wheels heard .
a horse 's feet .
sit down , sir .
Bertha had been listening intently .
he pointed to the old man .
she looked down .
I think she trembled .
why , he 's a brave old boy !
my humble service , mistress .
that 's hearty .
the cards and board , Dot .
I am indeed .
I have been afraid of it .
the Carrier accompanied him without another word .
it 's of no use .
it 's dangerous too .
in one stride he was at the window , and he saw
oh , perfidious wife !
he clenched his strong right hand at first , as if it would have beaten down a lion .
could she kiss them ?
could she be blithe and cheerful in her parting ?
could she venture to reveal her face to them without a blush ?
Tackleton observed her closely , and she did all this .
the toys that had been set in motion for the Baby had all stopped and run down long ago .
the Dutch clock in the corner struck Ten when the Carrier sat down by his fireside .
the Stranger was beneath his outraged roof .
three steps would take him to his chamber door .
one blow would beat it in .
how could it be murder , if he gave the villain time to grapple with him hand to hand ?
he was the younger man .
it was an ill-timed thought , bad for the dark mood of his mind .
he was the younger man !
yes , yes ; some lover who had won the heart that he had never touched .
he looked about him for a weapon .
there was a gun hanging on the wall .
he took it down , and moved a pace or two towards the door of the perfidious Stranger 's room .
he knew the gun was loaded .
that phrase is wrong .
Turning water into blood , love into hate , gentleness into blind ferocity .
clasping his hands before his face , he then sat down again beside the fire , and found relief in tears .
his faltering tongue resisted his control , and would speak in its own way for itself and him .
it was not a solitary Presence .
to do all honour to her image .
to pull him by the skirts , and point to it when it appeared .
to try to crown its fair head with their tiny hands .
his thoughts were constant to her image .
it was always there .
there were sounds of gaiety outside , musical instruments , and noisy tongues , and laughter .
a crowd of young merry-makers came pouring in , among whom were May Fielding and a score of pretty girls .
they came to summon her to join their party .
it was a dance .
and yet indifference was not her character .
but , the nimble Fairies worked like bees to clear it off again .
and Dot again was there .
still bright and beautiful .
as he had seen her last .
thus the night passed .
the moon went down ; the stars grew pale ; the cold day broke ; the sun rose .
the Carrier still sat , musing , in the chimney-corner .
he had sat there , with his head upon his hands , all night .
all night he had listened to its voice .
all night the Household Fairies had been busy with him .
he rose up when it was broad day , and washed and dressed himself .
he had thought to have gone merrily to church with Dot .
but such plans were at an end .
it was their own wedding-day too .
ah ! how little he had looked for such a close to such a year !
the Carrier expected that Tackleton would pay him an early visit ; and he was right .
the horse looked much more like a bridegroom than Tackleton , whose half-closed eye was more disagreeably expressive than ever .
but the Carrier took little heed of this .
but it 's over now !
the Carrier having brought it from his stable and set it before him , they turned into the house .
the Carrier , who had turned his face from the door , signed him to go if he would .
the Carrier turned upon him quickly .
he nearly shut up the expressive eye altogether ; he looked at him so hard .
and he gave his eye , and his face , and his whole person , a sharp twist .
but he has come and gone .
I am not a clever man , as you very well know .
I am not a young man .
he paused , and softly beat the ground a short time with his foot , before resuming :
all left out of sight !
the toy merchant gazed at him in astonishment .
I took advantage of her hopeful nature and her cheerful disposition ; and I married her .
I wish I never had !
the toy merchant gazed at him without winking .
even the half-shut eye was open now .
I can release her from the daily pain of an unequal marriage , and the struggle to conceal it .
the Carrier set his grip upon the collar of the toy merchant , and shook him like a reed .
listen to me .
I called up her whole life day by day .
Loyal Household Fairies !
last night she saw him , in the interview we witnessed .
it was wrong .
she 'll never hate me .
To-day she shall return to it , and I will trouble her no more .
this is the end of what you showed me .
do not say it 's over yet !
I have heard your noble words .
she had entered shortly after Tackleton , and had remained there .
she never looked at Tackleton , but fixed her eyes upon her husband .
it will strike soon .
it 's of little matter what we say .
good morning , John Peerybingle .
I 'm sorry to be deprived of the pleasure of your company .
so we started in good time , and came here .
the Carrier 's wife was silent .
I scorned to hear a word !
her father went on one side of her , while Dot remained upon the other , holding her hand .
hear me kindly !
my dear blind daughter , hear me and forgive me .
a hard master to you and me , my dear , for many years .
her afflicted father hung his head , and offered no reply but in his penitence and sorrow .
the house will scarcely keep out wind and rain another winter .
the Blind Girl , greatly agitated , rose , and led the Carrier 's little wife aside .
Dot saw she knew already , and was silent .
the Blind Girl spread her hands before her face again .
speak softly to me .
you have too much pity for me .
she will .
he is a spare , dejected , thoughtful , grey-haired man .
I never knew him !
there were no words for Caleb 's emotion .
never let them say I am blind again .
everything is here in you .
nothing is dead to me .
are those wheels upon the road ?
and now you hear them stopping at the garden-gate !
see where he stands before you , healthy and strong !
your own dear son .
all honour to the little creature for her transports !
all honour to her tears and laughter , when the three were locked in one another 's arms !
the Carrier , entering , started back .
and well he might , to find himself in such good company .
my own son !
and they were brought together , John !
and here 's the Bride !
there never were congratulations so endearing and delicious as those she lavished on herself and on the Bride .
amid the tumult of emotions in his breast , the honest Carrier had stood confounded .
it was wrong to have a secret from you , John .
I 'm very sorry .
John Peerybingle would have caught her in his arms .
John was going to make another rush at this appeal ; but she stopped him again .
but she was very nearly too late .
but I can't .
speedily that worthy gentleman appeared , looking warm and flustered .
oh ! here she is !
oh , it 's all right , it 's quite correct !
you are better than I thought you .
John Peerybingle , I am sorry .
you understand me ; that 's enough .
Tilly never came out in such force before .
her ubiquity was the theme of general admiration .
they were so like each other .
after dinner Caleb sang the song about the Sparkling Bowl .
and , with those words , he walked off .
there was some surprise among the company , as you may imagine .
but she was overruled by acclamation ; and the cake was cut by May with much ceremony and rejoicing .
I 'm more sorry than I was this morning .
I have had time to think of it .
this unconscious little nurse gave me a broken hint last night , of which I have found the thread .
Friends , one and all , my house is very lonely to-night .
I have scared them all away .
he was at home in five minutes .
you never saw such a fellow .
or what had the Fairies been doing with him , to have effected such a change ?
he had been very near it , though .
there was a dance in the evening .
but what is this ?
THE ADVENTURES OF PRICKLY PORKY
LITTLE , BROWN , AND COMPANY
THEN HE BRACED HIMSELF AND PULLED WITH ALL HIS MIGHT
REDDY WOULDN'T HAVE BELIEVED THAT IT WAS ALIVE
THE ADVENTURES OF PRICKLY PORKY
HAPPY JACK SQUIRREL MAKES A FIND
happy Jack Squirrel had had a wonderful day .
now he was thinking of going home , for it was getting late in the afternoon .
he looked out across the open field where Mr Goshawk had nearly caught him that morning .
his home was on the other side .
so Happy Jack started on his long journey around the open field .
happy Jack found it out by pricking himself with it .
pretty soon he noticed there were a lot more on the ground .
they are not thorns , for there is no plant from which they could come .
now , Happy Jack 's eyes are bright , but sometimes he doesn't use them to the very best advantage .
if he had , perhaps he would not have been so much puzzled .
as it was he just gathered up three or four of the queer things and started on again .
on the way he met Peter Rabbit and showed Peter what he had .
now , you know Peter Rabbit is very curious .
he just couldn't sit still , but must scamper over to the place Happy Jack Squirrel told him about .
but as usual , Peter was in too much of a hurry to heed what was said to him .
Lipperty-lipperty-lip , lipperty-lipperty-lip , went Peter Rabbit through the woods , as fast as his long legs would take him .
then suddenly he squealed and sat down to nurse one of his feet .
but he was up again in a flash with another squeal louder than before .
Peter Rabbit had found the queer things that Happy Jack Squirrel had told him about .
one was sticking in his foot , and one was in the white patch on the seat of his trousers .
THE STRANGER FROM THE NORTH
yes , Sir , they certainly were excited .
they hurried this way and that way over the Green Meadows and told every one they met .
finally they reached the Smiling Pool and excitedly told Grandfather Frog all about it .
the Merry Little Breezes looked puzzled .
the Merry Little Breezes looked foolish .
away raced the Merry Little Breezes to the Green Forest and began to search among the treetops .
presently , way up in the top of a big poplar , they found a stranger .
PRICKLY PORKY MAKES FRIENDS
at first he was very shy and had nothing to say .
Just then the stranger began to come down the tree .
Reddy backed away .
he kept on coming down the tree just the same .
Bowser saw him and stopped in surprise .
he had never seen anything quite like this big dark fellow .
Bowser was so surprised that he just stood still and stared .
then he growled his deepest growl .
still the stranger paid no attention to him .
by this time the stranger was down on the ground and starting for another tree , minding his own business .
then something happened .
he just rolled himself up in a tight ball with his head tucked down in his waistcoat .
Bowser stopped short .
then he reached out his nose and sniffed at this queer thing .
and this is the way that Prickly Porky the Porcupine made friends .
PETER RABBIT HAS SOME STARTLING NEWS
she was worried .
there was no doubt about it .
little Mrs Peter was very much worried .
why didn't Peter come home ?
she didn't feel easy in her mind one minute while he was out of her sight .
but he wouldn't promise not to go to the Green Forest .
no , Sir , Peter wouldn't promise that .
Mrs Peter 's heart gave a frightened thump .
in a few minutes he reached her side .
his eyes were very wide , and it was plain to see that he was bursting with important news .
do tell me quick !
Peter nodded while he panted for breath .
PETER RABBIT TELLS HIS STORY
Mrs Peter nodded .
then he stopped .
that last idea was a new one , and it struck Peter as a good one .
but I didn't say hello .
no , Sir , I didn't say a word .
I was too scared .
Mrs Peter had listened with her mouth wide open .
Peter stared at her .
what a silly question !
Peter scratched his head in great perplexity .
suddenly he had a happy thought .
little Mrs Peter looked a bit discomfited .
besides , this one didn't run exactly ; it rolled .
now I 've told you all I 'm going to .
PETER HAS TO TELL HIS STORY MANY TIMES
no one will believe it .
the truth is , I can hardly believe it myself .
then it had been Peter 's turn to laugh at them .
the thing to do is to make sure whether or not there is a stranger in the Green Forest .
some one ought to go ask him what he knows about it .
if there is such a terrible creature up there , he ought to have seen it .
why don't you go up there and ask him , Jimmy Skunk ?
JIMMY SKUNK CALLS ON PRICKLY PORKY
whoever heard of such a thing ?
but there was nothing unusual to be seen .
the Green Forest looked just as it always did .
Prickly Porky took no notice .
this time Prickly Porky looked down .
Jimmy made a face at him .
Prickly Porky slowly shook his head .
with that Jimmy started back the way he had come , grumbling to himself .
PRICKLY PORKY NEARLY CHOKES
it was such a strange performance that Redeye simply stared for a minute .
Prickly Porky was choking , and if something wasn't done to help him , he might choke to death !
now there was nothing that Redeye himself could do to help , for he was too small .
he must get help somewhere else , and he must do it quickly .
anxiously he looked this way and that way , but there was no one in sight .
he saw right away what was the trouble .
Prickly Porky did as he was told .
indeed , he was so weak from his long struggle that he was glad to .
Prickly Porky grinned weakly and rather foolishly .
Prickly Porky wiped the tears from his eyes .
JIMMY SKUNK AND UNC ' BILLY POSSUM TELL DIFFERENT STORIES
the little people of the Green Meadows and the Green Forest didn't know what to believe .
if Jimmy Skunk was right , why Peter Rabbit 's queer story wasn't to be believed at all .
I wouldn't have run !
I would have waited and found out what it was .
UNC ' BILLY POSSUM TELLS JIMMY SKUNK A SECRET
a friend is always worth keeping .
in fact , they had been partners in stealing eggs from the hen-house of Farmer Brown 's boy .
it made him very angry .
Jimmy scowled and was going to pass without so much as speaking .
Jimmy just frowned harder than ever and tried to pass .
Jimmy Skunk stopped .
he told the truth when he told you that he hadn't seen any stranger around his hill .
Jimmy was chuckling by this time .
WHAT HAPPENED TO REDDY FOX
you see , Reddy is one of the greatest boasters in the Green Forest or on the Green Meadows .
but like most boasters , he is a coward at heart .
but he knew that Bowser was chained .
it was just as he expected , Bowser was chained .
he hadn't a bit of appetite .
no , Sir .
Reddy Fox wouldn't have eaten the fattest chicken there if it had been right before him .
he didn't dare to tell old Granny Fox about it .
he knew just what she would say .
a wise Fox never goes near strange things until he has found out all about them .
that is the only way to keep out of trouble and live to a ripe old age .
so Reddy wandered about all the long night .
it seemed as if it never would pass , and yet he wished it would last forever .
the more he thought about it , the more afraid he grew .
at last he saw the first beams from jolly , round , red Mr Sun creeping through the Green Forest .
WHAT REDDY FOX SAW AND DID
Reddy Fox is one of these .
Reddy looked up with a sickly grin .
he knew now that there was no backing out ; he had got to go on .
he tried to swagger and look very bold and brave .
so , there being nothing else to do , he went on .
Reddy 's courage began to come back .
nothing had happened , and nothing was going to happen .
of course not !
it was all some of Peter Rabbit 's foolishness .
some day he would catch Peter Rabbit and put an end to such silly tales .
Reddy 's sharp ears had caught a sound up near the top of the hill .
he stopped short and looked up .
for just a little wee minute Reddy couldn't believe that his eyes saw right .
coming down the hill straight towards him was the strangest thing he ever had seen .
he couldn't see any legs .
he couldn't see any head .
he couldn't see any tail .
it was round like a ball , but it was the strangest looking ball that ever was .
it was covered with old leaves .
Reddy wouldn't have believed that it was alive but for the noises it was making .
yes , Sir , that 's just what Reddy Fox did .
REDDY FOX IS VERY MISERABLE
he didn't see Jimmy Skunk poking his head out from behind an old stump and laughing fit to kill himself .
when Reddy was safely past , Peter came out .
Reddy is coming from the direction of Prickly Porky 's , and that was where I got my fright .
Peter hesitated .
he knew it would be a foolish thing to do , for he might walk right into danger .
with that he boldly hopped up the hill and joined them .
I guess he 's running yet .
REDDY FOX TRIES TO KEEP OUT OF SIGHT
never in all his life was Reddy Fox more uncomfortable in his mind .
and he was right ; everybody did know it , and everybody was laughing about it .
it is very hard to keep out of sight when you have bright colored clothes .
Reddy looked up at Sammy and snarled .
probably somebody has played a trick on you .
you go back into the house and stay there .
I am going to have a look about and find out what is going on .
OLD GRANNY FOX INVESTIGATES
In-vest-i-gate is a great big word , but its meaning is very simple .
now old Granny Fox is very sly and smart and clever , as you all know .
compared with her , Reddy Fox is almost stupid .
but old Granny Fox did nothing of the kind .
oh , my , no !
with her nose to the ground she ran this way and ran that way as if hunting for a trail .
no one would ever have guessed that she was thinking of anything else .
she followed these down to the bottom , but there they disappeared .
granny stopped and looked up .
I 'd like to see it !
OLD GRANNY FOX LOSES HER DIGNITY
well , he just guessed .
she couldn't see or hear anything in the least suspicious .
only Prickly Porky was to be seen , and he seemed to be asleep in his favorite tree .
everything seemed to be just as old Granny Fox had seen it a hundred times before .
at last the Jolly Little Sunbeams began to dance through the Green Forest , chasing out the Black Shadows .
Prickly Porky yawned and grunted .
old Granny Fox arose and slowly stretched .
she glanced at Prickly Porky contemptuously .
she had seen him act in this stupid , uncertain way dozens of times before .
now old Granny Fox can be very dignified when she wants to be , and she was now .
she carried her big , plumey tail just so .
then Granny forgot her dignity .
yes , Sir , she forgot her dignity .
in fact , she quite lost it altogether .
granny Fox ran just as Reddy had run !
GRANNY FOX CATCHES PETER RABBIT
Prickly Porky didn't say a word .
now old Granny Fox had been badly frightened .
it didn't take her long to decide that it wasn't .
then she did some quick thinking .
she wasted no time thinking about it , but began to steal back the way she had come .
then she smiled grimly .
Peter didn't finish .
no , Sir , Peter didn't finish .
old Granny Fox had caught Peter Rabbit at last !
a FRIEND IN NEED IS A FRIEND INDEED
no one really knows who his best friends are until he gets in trouble .
sometimes it is almost worth while getting into trouble just to find out who your real friends are .
you see , it was so sudden that they really didn't know what had happened .
but Prickly Porky , whom some people call stupid , made no move to run away .
by this time Jimmy Skunk had recovered himself .
you know he is not afraid of anybody or anything .
granny Fox knows all about this .
for just a minute she hesitated .
so she kept on backing away , dragging Peter with her .
this was Peter 's chance .
it was more than her temper , never of the best , could stand .
it made Peter shiver just to look at her .
when she had gone , the others turned to Peter Rabbit to see how badly he had been hurt .
he found little Mrs Peter anxiously looking towards the Green Forest for some sign of Peter .
but little Mrs Peter wasn't wholly satisfied .
a PLOT TO FRIGHTEN OLD MAN COYOTE
no , Sir , they were not !
you know Sammy is always ready for any mischief .
SAMMY JAY DELIVERS HIS MESSAGE
is there any news down here on the Green Meadows ?
OLD MAN COYOTE LOSES HIS APPETITE
Sammy had been clever enough to know this .
this was what made him sure that the news about Peter was probably true .
Jimmy Skunk crawled into a hollow log .
Sammy Jay hid in the thickest part of a hemlock tree .
Prickly Porky got behind a big stump right at the top of the hill .
my , but it was exciting to those who were watching !
Peter knew what it meant and jumped to one side .
quite suddenly he had lost his appetite .
BUSTER BEAR GIVES IT ALL AWAY
now , it is a very bad plan to run fast down-hill .
yes , Sir , it is a very bad plan .
you see , once you are started , it is not the easiest thing in the world to stop .
and then again , you are quite likely to stub your toes .
he stubbed his toes and turned a complete somersault .
old Granny Fox and Reddy Fox , looking on from a safe distance , did laugh .
oh , my , no !
why , Buster Bear , to be sure .
if he did , it would be almost too good to be true .
but he didn't .
then he began to laugh .
Ho , ho , ho !
Ha , ha , ho !
old Man Coyote heard him and stopped short and turned to see what it meant .
very slowly the strange creature unrolled and turned over .
there was a head now and a tail and four legs .
it was none other than Prickly Porky himself !
Prickly Porky grinned .
End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of The Adventures of Prickly Porky by Thornton W Burgess
Boston , @date@ , @number@
THE FROST-KING : OR , THE POWER OF LOVE .
their beauty fills our hearts with brightness , and their love with tender thoughts .
how then may we keep our frail blossoms from his cruel spirits ?
who will give us counsel ?
who will be our messenger for the last time ?
then high above , on shining wings , soared a little form .
then far below she saw the Frost-King 's home .
pillars of hard , gray ice supported the high , arched roof , hung with crystal icicles .
cast by your icy crown and sceptre , and let the sunlight of love fall softly on your heart .
then she wept no longer , but patiently awaited what might come .
soon they came hastening back , and prayed him to come and see how lovely the dark cell had grown .
then the stern , cold thoughts came back again , and he harshly bid her follow him .
with a sad farewell to her little friends she followed him , and before the throne awaited his command .
they wore cypress wreaths , and spoke of her as one whom they should never see again .
flowering vines folded their soft leaves around the trees , making green pillars of their rough trunks .
you must now decide .
will you be King of Flower-Land , and own my gentle kindred for your loving friends ?
will you possess unfading peace and joy , and the grateful love of all the green earth 's fragrant children ?
then take this crown of flowers .
both are before you .
kind thought came thronging to his mind , and he turned to look at the two palaces .
she has taught us that Love is mightier than Fear .
thus the Frost-King lost his kingdom , And his power to harm and blight .
EVA'S VISIT TO FAIRY-LAND .
you cannot hurt us now .
Eva looked into the brook , and saw a tiny child standing between the Elves .
but the Fairies took each a hand , and flew lightly over the stream .
all was cool and still , and the Elves glided silently about , lest they should break their slumbers .
then said the Fairy , while she bathed the broken wing ,
we may find happiness in seeking to be patient even while we suffer .
so Eva said farewell to the child Elves , and hastened with little Rose-Leaf to the gates .
life was dark and sad till the untiring Elves came to his dreary home , bringing sunlight and love .
come now and lead her to the Fairy garden , and show her what we think our fairest sight .
the child saw that each one wore the colors of the flower that was its home .
farewell , dear Eva .
THE FLOWER'S LESSON .
then bitterly she wept for her folly and pride , As drooping she stood by her fair sister 's side .
LILY-BELL AND THISTLEDOWN .
ONCE upon a time , two little Fairies went out into the world , to seek their fortune .
Thistledown was as gay and gallant a little Elf as ever spread a wing .
it would be very wrong in you to repay their care with cruelty and pain .
while Lily-Bell lay dreaming among the rose-leaves , Thistledown went wandering through the garden .
soon the sky grew dark , and heavy drops began to fall .
then they waved their broad leaves stormily , and scattered the heavy drops on his dripping garments .
but he could find no rest .
as the first ray of sunlight stole in , he was awakened by sweet music .
it was the morning song of the bees .
if you will stay with us , we will teach you many things .
but he soon grew tired of working all day in the sun , and longed to be free again .
then , when she saw that no kindness could touch his heart , she said :
I cannot let my peaceful kingdom be disturbed by you ; therefore go and seek another home .
and the doors of the once happy home he had disturbed were closed behind him .
then he was very angry , and determined to bring some great sorrow on the good Queen .
Bright-eyed birds peeped at him from their nests , and many-colored insects danced above the cool , still lake .
the cruel spider gladly obeyed the ungrateful Fairy ; and soon the poor fly could move neither leg nor wing .
then Thistle flew away through the wood , leaving sorrow and trouble behind him .
he had not journeyed far before he grew weary , and lay down to rest .
then Lily-Bell went seeking through the forest , listening for the voice .
then from the vine-leaves two little arms were stretched out to her , and Thistledown was found .
but it did not last long , for one day she did not come .
he watched and waited long , for the little face that used to peep smiling in through the vine-leaves .
at last he besought the silent Brownie earnestly to tell him whither she had gone .
make your home among us , and my sister flowers will soon learn to love you as you deserve .
I have tried to win your love by patient industry .
but they answered like the Earth Spirits .
at length Star-Light bade him work no more , and gladly gave him the gift he had won .
then his second task was done , and he flew gayly back to the green earth and slumbering Lily-Bell .
then with a light heart Thistle journeyed away to the brooks and rivers , seeking the Water Spirits .
at length the broken wing was well , and Thistle said he must again seek the Water Spirits .
soon he saw , far below , the branches of the coral tree .
these rough waves are not fit playmates for so delicate a thing as you .
so he told all his wanderings , and how he sought the Sea Spirits .
Nautilus raised his little sail to the wind , and the light boat glided swiftly over the blue sea .
day after day went by , and slowly Thistle 's task drew towards an end .
garlands hung from every tree , and the fairest flowers filled the air with their sweet breath .
the warmest sunlight fell upon her , and the softest breezes lifted her shining hair .
where can this fine egg have come from ?
and now Bud left the old forest far behind her .
with tearful eyes , Queen Dew-Drop replied ,
time passed on , and the Fairies had done nothing to gain their lovely home again .
Flowers looked lovingly up as they passed , birds sang to cheer them when sad thoughts made them weep .
and soon little Bud found out their gentle deeds , and her friendly words gave them new strength .
they sent lovely visions to the old and blind , to make their hearts young and bright with happy thoughts .
I have a hard task to offer you .
should evil befall you , our hearts would break .
then deep in the earth the Fairies dwelt , and no frost or snow could harm the blossoms they tended .
every little seed was laid in the soft earth , watered , and watched .
before the gates they stood , and soon troops of loving Elves came forth to meet them .
then , amid the deep silence , little Bud , leading the Fairies to the throne , said ,
she needed no reward but the joy she had given .
LITTLE ANNIE'S DREAM ; OR , THE FAIRY FLOWER .
but shall I never see YOU more ?
and little Annie sat among her flowers , and watched with wondering joy the fairy blossom shining on her breast .
some of the shapes had scowling faces and bright , fiery eyes ; these were the spirits of Anger .
earth and air seemed filled with beauty and with music she had never dreamed of until now .
RIPPLE , THE WATER-SPIRIT .
farewell , little Spirit !
take this sunbeam from my crown ; it will cheer and brighten the most gloomy path through which you pass .
So farewell , Winter !
may good angels watch above you !
and now another task was to be done ; her promise to the Fire-Spirits must be kept .
then down along the shining pathway spread before her , the happy little Spirit glided to the sea .
the night-wind rocks the sleeping flowers , And sings to them , soft and low .
now spread each wing , for the eastern sky With sunlight soon will glow .
the morning star shall light us home : farewell ! for the Elves must go .
a WONDER-BOOK FOR GIRLS AND BOYS
THE GORGON'S HEAD
it is only the artificial and the complex that bewilder them .
Lenox , @date@ .
THE GORGON'S HEAD
THE GORGON'S HEAD .
Perseus was the son of Danae , who was the daughter of a king .
the young man came to the palace , and found the king sitting upon his throne .
the only good man in this unfortunate island of Seriphus appears to have been the fisherman .
but , while he was in this sorrowful mood , he heard a voice close beside him .
perhaps you may have heard of me .
I have more names than one ; but the name of Quicksilver suits me as well as any other .
the stranger 's words and manner put Perseus into quite a different mood from his former one .
quicksilver looked at it with a smile , and nodded his approbation .
and now we will set out .
but the staff helped Perseus along so bravely , that he no longer felt the slightest weariness .
in short , she is so immoderately wise , that many people call her wisdom personified .
all was waste and desolate , in the gray twilight , which grew every moment more obscure .
this is just the time and place to meet the Three Gray Women .
Hist ! hist !
the sight of three persons ' eyes was melted and collected into that single one .
but , before they reached the clump of bushes , one of the Three Gray Women spoke .
we are all in the dark !
give us our eye !
give us our one , precious , solitary eye !
we know nothing at all about them .
but he took good care to keep out of their reach .
his heels would quickly fly higher than his head , if he were silly enough to put them on .
how could a helmet make him invisible , unless it were big enough for him to hide under it ?
what sort of a contrivance may that be , I wonder ?
no , no , good stranger ! we can tell you nothing of these marvellous things .
you have two eyes of your own , and we have but a single one amongst us three .
but Quicksilver caught his hand .
as it turned out , Quicksilver was in the right .
this was the magic wallet .
even the helmet , that covered him with its invisibility , had vanished !
it was now deep night .
and , among other objects , he saw the island of Seriplius , where his dear mother was .
once , a high-soaring eagle flew right against the invisible Perseus .
we could do nothing without the help of my sister .
she has such eyes , too !
Just then a voice spoke in the air close by him .
the moonlight glistened on their steely scales , and on their golden wings , which drooped idly over the sand .
and , with all this , there was something partly human about them , too .
all three have snaky locks .
it must be understood that Medusa was the only one of these dragon-monsters whose head Perseus could possibly cut off .
that is Medusa .
do not look at her !
the sight would turn you to stone !
Perseus now understood Quicksilver 's motive for so earnestly exhorting him to polish his shield .
in its surface he could safely look at the reflection of the Gorgon 's face .
the snakes , whose venomous natures could not altogether sleep , kept twisting themselves over the forehead .
she gnashed her white tusks , and dug into the sand with her brazen claws .
the snakes , too , seemed to feel Medusa 's dream , and to be made more restless by it .
they twined themselves into tumultuous knots , writhed fiercely , and uplifted a hundred hissing heads , without opening their eyes .
Perseus flew cautiously downward , still keeping his eyes on Medusa 's face , as reflected in his shield .
but she awoke too late .
finally , our brave Perseus arrived at the island , where he expected to see his dear mother .
Monarch , counsellors , courtiers , and subjects , all gazed eagerly towards Perseus .
a feeling of sorrow and pity came over the youthful Perseus .
he has no Gorgon 's head !
and Perseus sighed .
they were all fixed , forever , in the look and attitude of that moment !
at the first glimpse of the terrible head of Medusa , they whitened into marble !
AFTER THE STORY .
I suppose it was a false tooth .
it gleamed in glassy tranquillity , without the trace of a winged breeze on any part of its bosom .
beyond its farther shore was Monument Mountain , in a recumbent position , stretching almost across the valley .
behind went a good old dog , whose name was Ben .
End of Project Gutenberg 's The Gorgon 's Head , by Nathaniel Hawthorne
she listened again , and the sound seemed to be in the house .
I can sing , but nothing half so fine as that .
he is my guardian now , and I don't know what he will do with me .
presently Phebe seemed to think it was her turn to ask questions , and said , wistfully ,
oh , we were so happy and so fond of one another !
fearing that might not be considered proper , she said , in her cheery voice ,
I 've got six aunts , and they all want me , and I don't know any of them very well .
Phebe laughed with her as she said encouragingly ,
and poor Rose wrung her hands at the awful prospect before her .
he hardly ever came to see us , though he sent me pretty things very often .
now I belong to him , and shall have to mind him , till I am eighteen .
then she crept softly down the hall and peeped into the parlor .
no one appeared , and all was so still she felt sure the company was upstairs .
hope you like it .
now I 'll tell you who these chaps are , and then we shall be all right .
this big one is Prince Charlie , Aunt Clara 's boy .
she has but one , so he is an extra good one .
they are Aunt Jane 's lads , and a precious pair you 'd better believe .
and a smile began to dimple about Rose 's mouth , as she remembered her retreat under the bed-cover .
and Charlie went off with a laugh , glad to have struck a spark out of his meek cousin .
we 've been at it some time now , and it 's great fun .
she guessed his intention , and forestalled his demand by dropping a handful of sugar-plums down upon him .
we will show her how to make constitutions and turn pale-faced little ghosts into rosy , hearty girls .
and , as quick as a flash , he sent one after another smashing down into the posy-beds below .
but Rose stuck there , and grew so red , her uncle guessed what that trouble was .
Phebe appeared with a cup of coffee .
go bring me a pitcherful , and another cup ; I want a draught myself .
and , to Rose 's great discomfort , the coffee went after the medicine .
and away he went down the water-spout , over the roof , and vanished among the budding honey-suckles below .
and he sat down with a disappointed air .
in five minutes she forgot what she was eating , so interested was she in the chat that went on .
you have had her among you for a year , and done what you liked .
this is a herb-pillow , given to me by a wise old woman when I was ill in India .
it is a very simple one , and very large quantities may be taken without harm .
you know hasheesh is the extract of hemp ?
when he heard her step , he turned about and began to sing ,
put on your jacket , Rose .
don't tire her out with antics , Alec .
and he sighed as if grieved at the confession .
a happy soul in a healthy body makes the best sort of beauty for man or woman .
Dr Alec meanwhile had apparently taken Aunt Plenty at her word , and was turning the house upside down .
it will do your spirits good , and cheer up this sober old house .
Rose said , as she turned to her box after the splendid laugh .
I suppose it wouldn't do to give Phebe some of them ?
seeing Phebe 's bewilderment , she quieted down and said , with a pretty air of earnestness ,
I thought if I adopted you as much as I can now , it would be nicer .
chapter @number@ Uncle Alec 's Room
come down and see the fun right away !
it was so sweet and comfortable that Rose sat still enjoying it till a little voice said ,
she was a great deal more sorry five minutes later , and well she might be .
in a recess stood a narrow white bed , with a lovely Madonna hanging over it .
aunt Jessie said you would spoil me , and I must not let you .
then he smiled that cordial smile , which was like sunshine on his brown face , as he said ,
Mr Whang Lo was an elderly gentleman in American costume , with his pig-tail neatly wound round his head .
his hat was the cover , his queue the handle , and his pipe the nose .
why , I do believe they are our boys !
yes , I see Charlie laughing over his shoulder .
row , uncle , row !
I know what you mean .
Rose looked hard at the scrawl , and presently announced , with an air of superior wisdom ,
miss Power used to have us up to show off when people came .
need I worry about it ?
and with great trepidation , Rose gave up her funny little accounts .
I 'm so glad !
Rose looked very demure as she replied ,
principal productions are porcelain , tea , cinnamon , shawls , tin , tamarinds and opium .
chapter @number@ Phebe 's Secret
the boys are going to have fireworks on the fourth , and have got some surprise for me .
Morning-glories and nasturtiums ran all over the bars , making haste to bloom .
she took no medicine but Dr Alec 's three great remedies , and they seemed to suit her excellently .
said a voice from below , as a great cabbage-rose came flying against her cheek .
I 'll come in fifteen minutes , uncle .
I do wish the boys were here .
won't it be nice to have them with us all their vacation ?
next time we won't be in such a hurry .
we are not half ready !
you 've spoilt it all !
their plays never seemed a bit interesting before .
chapter @number@ Rose 's Sacrifice
Captain Cook was murdered by the natives of Owhyhee in the most thrilling manner .
Sinbad came ashore there and had manifold adventures , and numberless wrecks bestrewed the sands .
those boys talk as if I was a baby .
what are you about , miss ?
all right , Phebe ?
dear little soul !
everyone was very ready to read to him , and at first the lads contended for this honour .
through all these trials Rose persevered , using all her little arts to please him .
I will be able !
his next words proved that she was right .
didn't the doctor think my eyes worse the last time he came ?
it was so hard to answer that !
I will study and get through somehow .
these doctors like to keep hold of a fellow if they can .
it is so bad for your poor eyes .
I don't want to hear another word of it .
my head aches , and I 'm hot .
that 's all ; now drone away , and I 'll try to sleep .
come to think of it , she 's only two years or so younger than I am .
take it off , take it off !
vacation was over , the boys went back to school , and poor Mac was left lamenting .
next day began the wholesome out-of-door life , which works such wonders with tired minds and feeble bodies .
Jack can't always drive , and needn't be mad because I like to go with Frank .
Jamie seems to be a good boy , but I shall preach to him if he isn't .
no , Pokey , people don't kiss in church or put their hats on .
it 's too bad !
the first scene discovered Mac in a despondent attitude and shabby dress , evidently much troubled in mind .
he prescribed one pellet with an unpronounceable name , and left after demanding twenty dollars for his brief visit .
instant relief ensued , the dying child sat up and demanded baked beans .
and that was Rose 's little prayer on the night of her fourteenth birthday .
presently , Phebe appeared with a card .
Rose read it , made a grimace , then laughed and said ,
she is too mean to live , so I gave her up .
so Ariadne concealed her vexation at Rose 's coolness , and changed the subject as fast as possible .
let me see .
hide the needle .
do my ears show ?
we 'll do it right away !
chapter @number@ Bread and Button-Holes
now , as he sat down beside her , she said , very soberly ,
I fancy Aunt Plenty will manage her , so don't be troubled .
Dolly let one splendid batch burn up because I forgot it .
wasn't it hard ?
it would mould and be spoilt .
besides , people would laugh at us , and make fun of my old-fashioned accomplishment .
so I want to take lessons in sewing of her .
I 've made you a new set of warm night-gowns with four button-holes in each .
there Archie stopped and held up his hand , for a pleasant voice was heard saying outside ,
Rose uttered a cry and clapped both hands to her ears where the gold rings hung .
here was a chance to do some good by sacrificing a little vanity of her own .
Just at that moment Dr Alec and Mrs Jessie came in .
I couldn't .
I once made a rule that I would have no slang in the house .
his brother sighed and obeyed , but privately resolved to finish his story the minute the month was over .
chapter @number@ Fashion and Physiology
I 'll settle matters for Rosy , and you 'll lend a hand .
a bunch of folds was gathered up just below the waist behind , and a great bow rode a-top .
but you , Jessie , surely like this costume better than the dowdy things Rose has been wearing all summer .
therefore , I have taken the liberty of providing a pretty street suit for Rose .
give them to me .
a regular fence of them , and metal gate-posts in front .
I discovered what Clara was at , and got my rival suit ready for to-day .
while we wait I 'll explain , and then you will appreciate the general effect better .
you don't mean to say you want Rose to come out in this costume ?
Mrs Van Tassel has been to Madame Stone , and is wearing a full suit of this sort .
do say you like it .
Rose accepted her uncle 's offer , as Aunt Myra discovered two or three days later .
the Doctor appeared in a moment , and begged to know what the matter was .
they certainly get great comfort out of it , and receive much innocent affection that otherwise would be lost .
she was lounging over the table looking at a map when an odd noise caught her ear .
she paused an instant to collect herself , and then went softly toward the bony beckoner .
but I won't have Brother Bones made fun of .
it did do good , and his brave patience made us remember him long after he was gone .
then she added with an important air ,
So did Rose , when a shining pair of skates and a fine sled appeared .
isn't it a beauty ?
but Rose was wide-awake , and escaped all his snares , professing great contempt for such foolish customs .
when every other wile had been tried in vain , he got Archie to propose a game with forfeits .
he could not help it , and often laughed about it with comic frankness .
confound my perversity !
why couldn't I take Myra 's advice and keep Rose at home .
it 's not fair that the poor child should suffer for my sinful over-confidence .
she shall not suffer for it !
Charlie exploded into a stifled laugh at the new pronunciation of pneumonia , to Phebe 's great indignation .
Charlie listened and heard little moans that went to his heart and made his face as sober as Phebe 's .
don't tell the boys I wasn't brave .
a tap on the window startled Phebe , and , looking up , she saw a face peering in .
up he went , and found his uncle waiting for him .
what is it ?
now , see here , I 've got a plan and you mustn't say no , or I shall scold .
but Phebe 's was brighter , though she added with a wistful look ,
why didn't you let us know what time you 'd be here , or call out the minute you came ?
did you save the poor lady ?
now tell me what you 've been at , little sinner ?
couldn't she stay , just so I could see her ?
I thought for a minute they 'd pitch into one another and have it out .
having decided to be a peace-maker , Rose waited for an opportunity , and very soon it came .
dinner was over , and everyone had gone .
you always used to be together , and now you hardly speak .
choose a pair of ear-rings to suit yourself , as my forfeit .
I don't wish you to go home with me .
Charlie had nothing to do with that ; he wouldn't borrow a penny of a girl , don't think it .
Aunt Clara is always asking me , and will be glad to get me .
so the winter flew rapidly away , and it was May before Rose was fairly settled again at home .
it is to be , in good earnest , a wintry storm .
the cloud-spirits are slowly weaving her white mantle .
in our brief summer , I do not think , but only exist in the vague enjoyment of a dream .
Slow and sure !
very sad are the flower shrubs in midwinter !
it is a snow-battle of school-boys .
what pitched battles , worthy to be chanted in Homeric strains !
what storming of fortresses , built all of massive snowblocks !
what feats of individual prowess , and embodied onsets of martial enthusiasm !
who reared it ?
the shattered pedestal of many a battle monument has provoked these questions , when none could answer .
how does Winter herald his approach ?
it is stern Winter 's vesture .
on the window-sill , there is a layer of snow , reaching half-way up the lowest pane of glass .
the garden is one unbroken bed .
but what dismal equipage now struggles along the uneven street ?
I shiver , and think it time to be disconsolate .
where do they build their nests , and seek their food ?
she was evidently a stranger , and perhaps had come to town by the evening train of cars .
old Salem now wears a much livelier expression than when I first beheld her .
strangers rumble down from Boston by hundreds at a time .
new faces throng in Essex Street .
Railroad-hacks and omnibuses rattle over the pavements .
there is a perceptible increase of oyster-shops , and other establishments for the accommodation of a transitory diurnal multitude .
but a more important change awaits the venerable town .
an immense accumulation of musty prejudices will be carried off by the free circulation of society .
you will supply their place , with others equally ephemeral .
wherever there was a knot of midnight roisterers , they quaffed her health .
E-text prepared by K Nordquist , Chris Curnow , and the Project Gutenberg Online Distributed Proofreading Team ( @url@
note : Project Gutenberg also has an HTML version of this file which includes the original illustrations .
THE ADVENTURES OF JIMMY SKUNK
little , Brown and Company Boston Toronto
copyright @number@ by Thornton W Burgess ; Copyright renewed @number@ by Thornton W Burgess All rights reserved .
THE ADVENTURES OF JIMMY SKUNK
PETER RABBIT PLANS A JOKE
he won't keep still .
of course Peter shouldn't have listened .
but he did .
he sat right where he was and watched to see if Jimmy would come out of the barrel .
Jimmy didn't come out , and after a little Peter stole over to the barrel and peeped inside .
there was Jimmy Skunk curled up for a nap .
Peter tiptoed away very softly .
you know it is very easy to play a joke on any one who is asleep .
Peter doesn't often have a chance to play a joke on Jimmy Skunk .
it isn't a very safe thing to do , not if Jimmy is awake .
no one knows that better than Peter .
he sat down some distance from the barrel but where he could keep an eye on it .
then he went into a brown study , which is one way of saying that he thought very hard .
he looked very hard , and in a minute he saw that it was Reddy Fox .
it was the voice of Sammy Jay .
right away a plan for getting Reddy up there flashed into Peter 's head .
he would get Sammy angry , and that would make Sammy scream .
Reddy would be sure to come up there to see what Sammy Jay was making such a fuss about .
no one knows this better than Peter .
right away Sammy 's quick temper flared up .
he began to call Peter names , and Peter answered back .
Peter saw him lift his head to listen .
in a few minutes he began to trot that way .
he was coming to find out what that fuss was about .
Peter knew that Reddy wouldn't come straight up there .
that isn't Reddy 's way .
PETER MAKES A FLYING JUMP
never forget that .
never do such a crazy thing as Peter Rabbit was doing .
what was he doing ?
did you ever hear of anything more foolish ?
that 's the trouble with thoughtlessness ; it never remembers other people .
if he had known it , he would have suspected one of Peter 's tricks .
it all happened just as Peter had expected .
that was just like Sammy .
he had to .
Reddy grinned as he saw Peter start towards the Green Meadows .
he watched sharply for Peter to dodge and try to get back to the old stone wall .
he didn't mean to let Peter do that .
but Peter didn't even try .
he ran straight for the edge of the hill above the Green Meadows .
then , for the first time , Reddy noticed an old barrel there lying on its side .
Lipperty-lipperty-lip ran Peter , lipperty-lipperty-lip , Reddy right at his heels !
to Sammy Jay it looked as if in a few more jumps Reddy certainly would catch Peter .
WHAT HAPPENED AT THE OLD BARREL
Peter Rabbit 's jump over the old barrel on the edge of the hill was unexpected to Reddy Fox .
now you remember that that barrel was right on the edge of the hill .
it was just so this time .
Reddy quite forgot the smarting sore places where he had bumped into the barrel .
he simply stood and stared at the runaway .
you remember that Jimmy Skunk had curled up in there for a nap .
and it wasn't at all comfortable .
he went over and over so fast that it made him dizzy .
now Reddy didn't know who was in the barrel .
he just knew by the sounds that some one was .
so he started down the hill after the barrel to see what would happen when it stopped .
of course , he heard the noise and looked up to see what it meant .
Peter decided that it was high time for him to get out of sight .
he saw Jimmy Skunk lay perfectly still , and a great fear crept into his heart .
had Jimmy been killed ?
he hadn't once thought of what might happen to Jimmy when he planned that joke .
then slowly he rolled over and got on to his feet .
Peter breathed a sigh of relief .
JIMMY SKUNK IS VERY MAD INDEED
it 's better far at such a time To be nowhere about .
Jimmy Skunk was angry this time and no mistake .
he minds his own business , and if no one interferes with him , he interferes with no one .
but once he is aroused and feels that he hasn't been treated fairly , look out for him !
I don't know that any one could blame him .
now Jimmy can never be accused of being stupid .
the first person he saw was Reddy Fox .
in fact , Reddy was right close at hand .
now when Jimmy Skunk is angry , he doesn't bite and he doesn't scratch .
that is why he is afraid of no one , and why every one respects Jimmy and his rights .
he used it now , and he didn't waste any time about it .
some of that perfume got in his eyes and made them smart dreadfully .
and then the smell of it was so strong that it made him quite sick .
he rolled over and over on the ground , choking and gasping and rubbing his eyes .
Jimmy Skunk just stood and looked on , and there wasn't a bit of pity in his eyes .
Reddy had to confess he didn't know .
Jimmy looked this way and that way , but there was no sign of Peter Rabbit .
REDDY FOX SNEAKS AWAY
he wanted to get away by himself .
but he didn't trot with his head up and his big plumey tail carried proudly as is usual with him .
he couldn't go home , for old Granny Fox would drive him out of the house .
Sammy Jay would see to that .
he knew just how they would point at him and make fun of him .
he would never hear the last of it .
when he reached the Green Forest he hurried over to the Laughing Brook to wash out his eyes .
it was just his luck to have Billy Mink come along while he was doing this .
Billy didn't need to be told what had happened .
then he turned and hurried beyond the reach of that perfume .
there he stopped and made fun of Reddy Fox and said all the provoking things he could think of .
Reddy took no notice at all .
he felt too miserable to quarrel .
after he had washed his face he felt better .
water wouldn't take away the awful smell , but it did take away the smart from his eyes .
then he tried to plan what to do next .
there he stretched himself out and was perfectly miserable .
PETER RABBIT DOESN'T ENJOY HIS JOKE
so he chuckled as he waited for what was to happen .
he had felt a pain as if a hot needle had been thrust into him .
it made him almost jump out of the doorway .
so it would not do to show himself now .
it didn't take long to find out .
two very angry little insects were just getting ready to sting him again , and more were coming .
what could he do ?
he didn't dare go out , and he simply couldn't stay where he was .
by this time he had lost all interest in what was going on outside .
he remembered that Johnny Chuck digs his house deep down in the ground .
he looked down the long hall .
it was dark down there .
perhaps if he went down there , these angry little warriors wouldn't follow him .
it was worth trying , anyway .
those sharp little lances were very busy , and there was no way of fighting back .
at the end of the long hall was a snug little room , very dark but cool and comfortable .
it was just as he had hoped ; the Yellow Jackets did not follow him down there .
what a dreadful fix !
he ached and smarted all over .
SAMMY JAY DOES SOME GUESSING
Sammy Jay is a queer fellow .
Many are the times he has given them warning of danger .
this is one reason they are quite willing to overlook his own shortcomings .
so , of course , he had seen what happened to Reddy .
now , instead of being sorry for Reddy , he had openly rejoiced .
they like to see others who are considered very smart get into trouble .
so Sammy had laughed and made fun of poor Reddy .
in the first place it was very exciting , and Sammy dearly loves excitement .
the fact is , Sammy Jay was doing some hard thinking .
he had suddenly begun to wonder .
but Peter Rabbit may have known .
if he did , it was one of the smartest tricks I ever heard of .
I didn't think Peter had it in him .
it was rather hard on Jimmy Skunk , but it got rid of Reddy Fox for a while .
he won't dare show his face around here for a long time .
that means that Peter will have one less worry on his mind .
here comes Jimmy Skunk .
he had quite recovered his good nature .
Jimmy looked up and grinned .
Jimmy pricked up his ears .
I am quite sure that he didn't know you were in it .
I am wondering .
JIMMY SKUNK LOOKS FOR PETER
Jimmy Skunk looked very hard at Sammy Jay .
Sammy Jay looked very hard at Jimmy Skunk .
then Sammy slowly shut one eye and as slowly opened it again .
it was a wink .
Sammy Jay said nothing , but winked again .
Jimmy grinned .
then he looked thoughtful .
now Jimmy Skunk has a very shrewd little head on his shoulders .
I think he needs a lesson .
jokes that put other people in danger or make them uncomfortable can have no excuse .
I felt as if everything inside me was shaken out of place and all mixed up .
Sammy shook his head .
I guess Reddy Fox forgot all about Peter .
I know I did .
Jimmy Skunk turned and looked down the hill .
then in his usual slow way he started back towards the broken barrel .
he isn't likely to bother any one for some time .
I 'll just give him a little scare and let the scamp off with that .
now , I wonder where he can be .
I have an idea he isn't very far away .
let me see .
JIMMY VISITS JOHNNY CHUCK'S OLD HOUSE
there was no one near to see him , and this made him smile still more .
he had puzzled over that a great deal .
there is Johnny Chuck 's old house just ahead of me .
if Peter was way down inside , it wouldn't matter how he approached .
at last he reached a position where with one jump he could land right on the doorstep .
he waited a few minutes and cocked his head on one side to listen .
then lightly he jumped over to the doorstep and looked in at the doorway .
there was no Peter to be seen .
now the doorstep was of sand , as Johnny Chuck 's doorsteps always are .
there were Peter 's tracks , and they pointed straight towards the inside of Johnny Chuck 's old house .
then he chuckled again .
in this Jimmy was partly right and partly wrong , as you and I know .
he stared down the long dark doorway a minute .
then he made up his mind .
but that was as far as Jimmy Skunk went .
yes , Sir , that was just as far as Jimmy Skunk went .
he backed out in a hurry and actually hurried away to a safe distance .
then he sat down to think .
after a little he began to chuckle again .
those Yellow Jackets just naturally got after him .
I reckon I don't need to scare Peter to pay him for that joke .
PETER RABBIT IS MOST UNCOMFORTABLE
but wishes of that kind are about the most useless things in the world .
they wouldn't help him now .
he remembered that Johnny Chuck usually has a back door .
if that were the case here , he would be all right .
cautiously he poked his head out of the snug bedroom .
and there yes , Sir , there was another hall !
it must be the way to the back door .
carefully Peter crept up it .
and then he bumped his nose .
yes , Sir , Peter bumped his nose against the end of that hall .
there was no way out there .
sadly Peter backed out to the little bedroom .
meanwhile he would try to get a nap and forget his aches and pains .
it came from the doorway of that old house .
he knew , too , whose voice it was .
it was Jimmy Skunk 's voice .
I 'm just giving you a little warning , Peter .
I 'm going away now , but I 'm going to come back about dark to wait for you .
that put an end to Peter 's hope of a nap .
he shivered as he thought of what might happen to him if Jimmy Skunk should catch him .
he was almost ready to face those Yellow Jackets rather than wait and meet Jimmy Skunk .
twice he started up the long hall , but turned back .
he just couldn't stand any more stings .
he was miserable .
it was a horrid , mean joke .
meanwhile Jimmy Skunk had gone off , chuckling .
JIMMY SKUNK KEEPS HIS WORD
keep your word , whate'er you do , And to your inmost self be true .
he did it to make Peter uneasy and to worry him .
the truth is , Jimmy was no longer angry at all .
he had quite recovered his good nature and was very much inclined to laugh himself over Peter 's trick .
as Jimmy ambled away to look for some beetles , he chuckled and chuckled and chuckled .
then he stopped and scratched his head thoughtfully .
then he sighed .
then he scratched his head again and once more sighed .
I believe in keeping my word .
yes , Sir , I 'll have to go back .
there is nothing like making people believe that when you say a thing you mean it .
there Jimmy found a warm , sunny spot and curled up for a nap .
in fact , he spent all the day there .
a look at the footprints in the sand on the doorstep told him that Peter had not come out .
Jimmy sat down and waited until it was quite dark .
then he poked his head in at the doorway .
the Yellow Jackets had gone to bed for the night .
but inside he was chuckling .
then Jimmy Skunk calmly turned and went about his business .
he had kept his word .
as for Peter Rabbit , that had been one of the very worst days he could recall .
the sound of that voice almost broke his heart .
he got past the home of the Yellow Jackets safely , for they were not yet awake .
with his heart in his mouth , he sprang out of the doorway .
Jimmy Skunk wasn't there .
JIMMY SKUNK AND UNC ' BILLY POSSUM MEET
he didn't hurry .
Jimmy never does hurry .
but it was plain to see that he had something besides fat beetles on his mind .
he didn't hurry .
it was too warm to hurry .
anyway , he has no desire to have the experiment tried .
Jimmy Skunk grinned .
his grin grew broader and became a chuckle .
Jimmy looked surprised at the question .
he scratched his head thoughtfully .
no reason in particular .
anybody who is prepared has no occasion to worry .
you 'll find this true where'er you go That those prepared few troubles know .
you know Jimmy Skunk really is a little fellow compared with some of his neighbors .
Leastways , Ah does .
Jimmy Skunk chuckled .
Buster Bear could squash me by just stepping on me , but he doesn't try it .
you notice he always is very polite when we meet .
Prickly Porky and I are armed for defence , but we never use our weapons for offence .
nobody bothers us , and we bother nobody .
then he sighed and sighed again .
a LITTLE SOMETHING ABOUT EGGS
their stomachs prompt them to think of eggs .
eggs are good to fill empty stomachs .
it is the heart instead of the stomach that responds to the thought of eggs .
Blacky the Crow is one and his cousin , Sammy Jay , is another .
I 've almost forgotten what an egg tastes like .
Jimmy looked very innocent as he asked this .
didn't I just tell you I haven't had any luck at all ?
Jimmy Skunk couldn't think of anything but eggs .
the more he thought of them , the more he wanted some .
he couldn't , for the life of him , stop thinking about those eggs that belonged to Mrs Grouse .
the more he tried to forget about them , the more he thought about them .
and that led him to think of Farmer Brown 's henhouse .
he stopped to listen .
it was a sigh of relief .
then he crept around a corner of the henhouse towards a certain hole under it he remembered well .
just as he reached it , he saw something white .
it moved .
it was coming towards him from the other end of the henhouse .
he was undecided whether to run or stay .
then he heard a little grunt and decided to stay .
he even grinned .
a few seconds later up came Jimmy Skunk .
then he chuckled .
a MATTER OF POLITENESS
it costs not much to be polite And , furthermore , it 's always right .
and it was all on account of eggs .
yes , Sir , it was all on account of eggs .
Jimmy inquired politely .
Jimmy Skunk chuckled .
you know you are older than I ..y I couldn't think of being so impolite as to go first .
if the truth were known , neither of them was insisting out of politeness at all .
yes , Sir , that is why Jimmy Skunk was so very polite .
in both cases it was a kind of selfishness .
but something did happen .
there was a sudden loud sniff just around the corner of the henhouse .
they couldn't , because it wasn't big enough , but , they tried hard .
Jimmy was right at his heels .
JIMMY SKUNK GETS A BUMP
he began to dig .
all the time he whined with eagerness .
it wasn't fear that caused Jimmy to hurry .
no , indeed , it wasn't fear .
he had been startled by the unexpectedness of Bowser 's appearance .
it was this that had caused him to struggle to be first through that hole under the henhouse .
he wasn't afraid of Bowser .
but he thought better of it .
there was a row of nesting boxes along one side close to the floor .
above these was another row and above these a third row .
Jimmy grinned and started to look in the lower nests .
he took his time about it , for that is Jimmy 's way .
there was nothing in the first one and nothing in the second one and nothing in the third one .
down fell that hard china egg squarely on Jimmy Skunk 's head .
for just a minute Jimmy saw stars .
at least , he thought he did .
Jimmy Skunk lost his temper , a thing he rarely does .
a SAD , SAD QUARREL
you did it purposely , and you can't make me believe anything else .
come down here and fight .
Jimmy was getting more and more angry every minute .
he hadn't known that Jimmy was there .
he had apologized , and he felt that no one could do more than that .
Jimmy Skunk had doubted his word , had refused to believe him , and that made him angry .
his little eyes glowed with rage .
this made Jimmy angrier than ever .
it really was dreadful .
and it was all because both had been sadly disappointed .
they had found no eggs where they had been sure they would find plenty .
did you ever notice what a bad thing for the temper disappointment often is ?
JIMMY SKUNK IS TRUE TO HIS WORD
when he had grown tired of quarreling with Jimmy Skunk , he had tried to take a nap .
he had tried first one nest and then another , but none just suited him .
this was partly because he wasn't sleepy .
he thought that Jimmy would soon grow tired of waiting and go away .
but as it began to get towards morning he began to grow anxious .
yes , Sir , it was a great deal better to go hungry .
several times , when he thought Jimmy was asleep , he tried to steal down .
he wished he had never thought of eggs .
it was plain to see that Jimmy hadn't forgiven him .
at last he ventured to speak again .
that sounded like boasting , but it wasn't .
he knew that Jimmy meant it .
he didn't dare stay , and he didn't dare go down and face Jimmy Skunk , and there he was .
FARMER BROWN'S BOY ARRIVES
furthermore , they had discovered Jimmy Skunk down below and were making a great fuss .
he was so anxious that he couldn't keep still .
he had heard the noise of the hens and was coming to find out what it was all about .
Farmer Brown 's boy is coming , Brer Skunk !
he hoped that at last Jimmy 's boldness would get him into trouble .
yes , he did .
you see , that might give him a chance to slip away himself .
otherwise , he would be in a bad fix .
the latch on the door rattled .
the door swung open , letting in a flood of light .
the hens stopped their noise .
Farmer Brown 's boy stood in the doorway and looked in .
of course Farmer Brown 's boy saw him at once .
you are the most impudent and independent fellow of my acquaintance .
that 's what you are .
you didn't get any eggs , because I gathered all of them last night .
THE NEST-EGG GIVES UNC ' BILLY AWAY
he scratched his head thoughtfully .
Jimmy couldn't have got up to those .
they certainly didn't do it this morning , because they wouldn't have dared leave the roosts with Jimmy Skunk here .
so he began with the second row of nests and looked in each .
of course , Farmer Brown 's boy saw it .
he couldn't help but see it .
so there was more than one visitor here last night .
this henhouse seems to be a very popular place .
found it a little hard for your teeth , didn't you ?
lost your temper and kicked it out , didn't you ?
never lose your temper over trifles .
it doesn't pay .
of course , he couldn't understand what Farmer Brown 's boy was saying .
nor could he see what Farmer Brown 's boy was doing .
so he held his breath and hoped and hoped that he hadn't been discovered .
and perhaps he wouldn't have been but for that telltale nest-egg on the floor .
that was the cause of all his troubles .
first it had angered Jimmy Skunk because as you remember , it had fallen on Jimmy 's head .
then it had led Farmer Brown 's boy to look in all the nests .
UNC ' BILLY POSSUM TRIES HIS OLD TRICK
yes , Sir , it came to him through his tail .
Farmer Brown 's boy pinched it .
it was rather a mean thing to do , but Farmer Brown 's boy was curious .
Farmer Brown 's boy is too good-hearted to hurt any one if he can help it .
that tail might have belonged to any one but him so far as he made any sign .
of course , he felt like pulling it away .
any one would have in his place .
Farmer Brown 's boy chuckled and began to pull on that tail .
he looked as if he were dead , and he acted as if he were dead .
he lay just as he fell .
he hoped that Farmer Brown 's boy really did think him dead .
that was what he wanted .
then he went about his work of cleaning out the henhouse and measuring out the grain for the biddies .
it was filled with dust from the floor and bits of straw .
his lips were drawn back and his mouth partly open .
his eyes seemed to be closed .
possums don't die of nothing in hens ' nests .
you certainly are a clever old rascal , and the best actor I 've ever seen .
I wonder how long you will keep it up .
he wondered where he was being taken to .
he was terribly frightened .
UNC ' BILLY GIVES HIMSELF AWAY
just imagine that !
he 's dead .
he must be the fellow I saw go under the henhouse last night .
the mother of Farmer Brown 's boy was in the doorway , watching them approach .
where did you kill him ?
Mrs Brown came over to look at him closer .
I don't suppose he knew any better .
the eyes of Farmer Brown 's boy twinkled .
he went over to a corner and pulled a straw from his mother 's broom .
Mrs Brown looked puzzled .
she was puzzled .
he had got to sneeze .
he did sneeze .
he couldn't help it , though it were to cost him his life .
the old sinner is no more dead than I am .
he 's just pretending .
I haven't hurt a hair of him .
he looked at his mother reproachfully , and she hastened to apologize .
it was a long time before he met Jimmy Skunk again .
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN
YOUNG FOLKS ' EDITION
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN
UNCLE TOM AND LITTLE HARRY ARE SOLD
these slaves were paid no wages .
their masters gave them only food and clothes in return for their work .
if the poor slaves were bought by kind people they would be quite happy .
then they would work willingly for their masters and mistresses , and even love them .
but very often cruel people bought slaves .
these cruel people used to beat them and be unkind to them in many other ways .
it was very wicked to buy and sell human beings as if they were cattle .
that was not kind , as black people suffer pain just in the same way as white people do .
uncle Tom was a slave .
uncle Tom 's wife was called Aunt Chloe .
she was Mr Shelby 's head cook , and a very good one too , she was .
nobody in all the country round could make such delicious pies and cakes as Aunt Chloe .
when evening came they both went home to their cottage and their children , and were merry together .
when he had spent all he had , he did not know what to do to get more .
but that day never came .
but Mr Shelby knew that Haley was not a nice man .
he made him promise , however , not to sell Tom again except to a kind master .
Just at this moment a little boy came dancing into the room where Mr Shelby and Haley were talking .
ELIZA RUNS AWAY WITH LITTLE HARRY
Mr Shelby was very unhappy because of what he had done .
he knew his wife would be very unhappy too , and he did not know how to tell her .
he had to do it that night , however , before she went to bed .
Mrs Shelby could hardly believe it .
do anything rather than that .
it is a wicked , wicked thing to do .
Eliza was sitting in the next room .
the door was not quite closed , so she could not help hearing what was said .
as she listened she grew pale and cold and a terrible look of pain came into her face .
Eliza had had three dear little children , but two of them had died when they were tiny babies .
she felt she could not bear it .
Eliza 's husband was called George , and was a slave too .
he did not belong to Mr Shelby , but to another man , who had a farm quite near .
indeed , they hardly ever saw each other .
there he lay with his pretty curls around his face .
she did not cry .
she was too sad and sorrowful for that .
taking a piece of paper and a pencil , she wrote quickly .
I heard all you and master said to-night .
Eliza was going to run away .
but mother won't let him .
when he was ready , she lifted him in her arms , and crept softly out of the house .
Eliza ran quickly to Uncle Tom 's cottage , and tapped on the window .
aunt Chloe was not asleep , so she jumped up at once , and opened the door .
she was very much astonished to see Eliza standing there with Harry in her arms .
uncle Tom followed her to the door , and was very much astonished too .
at first Tom could hardly believe what he heard .
then he sank down , and buried his face in his hands .
Master said he was sorry .
but missis she talked like an angel .
I 'm a wicked girl to leave her so , but I can't help it .
Tom slowly raised his head and looked sorrowfully at her .
it is right that she should try to save her boy .
Mas'r has always trusted me , and I can't leave him like that .
it is better for me to go alone than for the whole place to be sold .
Mas'r isn't to blame , Chloe .
Tom could say no more .
I saw my husband to-day .
he told me he meant to run away soon , because his master is so cruel to him .
try to send him a message from me .
tell him I have run away to save our boy .
tell him to come after me if he can .
good-bye , good-bye .
Mrs Shelby was very glad .
Mr Shelby was angry .
one person only was quite silent , and that was Aunt Chloe .
she went on , making the breakfast as if she heard and saw nothing of the excitement round her .
all the little black boys belonging to the house thought it was fine fun .
they wanted to see how angry he would be , when he heard the news .
and he was dreadfully angry .
the little nigger boys thought it was grand .
they shouted and laughed and made faces at him to their hearts ' content .
this frightened the horses so much that they galloped off faster than before .
Haley rushed up and down , shouting and using dreadful , naughty words , and stamping with rage all the time .
at last , about twelve o'clock , Sam came riding up with Haley 's horse .
of course , now it was too late to start before dinner .
when at last they did start , Sam led them by a wrong road .
so the sun was almost setting before they arrived at the village where Haley hoped to find Eliza .
when Eliza left Uncle Tom 's cabin , she felt very sad and lonely .
she knew she was leaving all the friends she had ever had behind her .
at first Harry was frightened .
soon he grew sleepy .
Harry dropped his little weary head upon her shoulder , and was soon fast asleep .
when the sun rose , she was many miles away from her old home .
if she could only get across that river , Eliza felt she would be safe .
she went to a little inn on the bank , where a kind-looking woman was busy cooking supper .
Eliza laid her tired little boy upon the bed , and he soon fell fast asleep .
but for her there was no rest .
as she stood there she heard a shout .
it was a dreadful moment for Eliza .
her room opened by a side door to the river .
she seized her child and sprang down the steps towards it .
throwing himself from his horse , and calling loudly to Sam and Andy , he was after her in a moment .
in that terrible moment her feet scarcely seemed to touch the ground .
it was a desperate leap .
Haley , Sam , and Andy cried out , and lifted up their hands in astonishment .
the great piece of ice pitched and creaked as her weight came upon it .
with wild cries she leaped to another and still another stumbling leaping slipping springing up again !
her shoes were gone , her stockings cut from her feet by the sharp edges of the ice .
blood marked every step .
the man stood and looked after her wonderingly .
on the other side of the river Haley was standing perfectly amazed at the scene .
but Sam and Andy were glad , oh , so glad , that Eliza had escaped .
they were so glad that they laughed till the tears rolled down their cheeks .
it was late at night before they reached home again , but Mrs Shelby was waiting for them .
as soon as she heard the horses galloping up she ran out to the balcony .
So Sam went up and told the wonderful story of how Eliza had crossed the river on the floating ice .
she told Aunt Chloe to give Sam and Andy a specially good supper .
ELIZA FINDS A REFUGE
the lady went .
he rose and went into the kitchen .
there lay Eliza on two kitchen chairs .
the master of the house drew his breath short , and stood silent .
suddenly Eliza opened her eyes .
a dreadful look of pain came into her face .
God helped me , and I crossed on the ice .
I couldn't bear it .
I took him , and ran away in the night .
I jumped right on to the ice .
Eliza wanted to go to Canada , because it belonged to the British .
they did not allow any one to be made a slave there .
George , too , was going to try to reach Canada .
she is not safe here .
he gave some money to the good man too , and told him to use it for Eliza .
UNCLE TOM SAYS GOOD-BYE
the day after the hunt for Eliza was a very sad one in Uncle Tom 's cabin .
it was the day on which Haley was going to take Uncle Tom away .
aunt Chloe had been up very early .
she had washed and ironed all Tom 's clothes , and packed his trunk neatly .
now she was cooking the breakfast , the last breakfast she would ever cook for her dear husband .
aunt Chloe could not answer .
she sat down , buried her face in her hands , and sobbed aloud .
but the Lord lets drefful things happen sometimes .
it isn't right ! it isn't right it should be so !
Mebbe he can't help himself now , but I feel it 's wrong .
nothing can beat that out of me .
neither Tom nor Chloe could eat any breakfast ; their hearts were too full of sorrow .
but the little children , who hardly understood what was happening , enjoyed theirs .
breakfast was just finished , when Mrs Shelby came .
Chloe was not very pleased to see her .
she was angry , and blamed her for letting Tom be sold .
but Mrs Shelby did not seem to see Aunt Chloe 's angry looks .
then all Aunt Chloe 's anger faded away .
Just then Haley arrived .
he was very fond of Tom , and was teaching him to write .
he often used to come and have tea in Uncle Tom 's little cottage .
aunt Chloe used to make her very nicest cakes when Mas'r George came to tea .
but he was not at home now , and did not know that Tom had been sold .
UNCLE TOM MEETS EVA
Haley stayed in Washington several days .
he went to market each day and bought more slaves .
he put heavy chains on their hands and feet , and sent them to prison along with Tom .
it was a beautiful boat .
the deck was gay with lovely ladies and fine gentlemen walking about enjoying the bright spring sunshine .
some of the ladies and gentlemen on board were very sorry for the poor niggers , and pitied them .
among the passengers was a pretty little girl , about six years old .
she had beautiful golden hair , and big blue eyes .
she would look pityingly at them , and then go slowly away .
Tom watched the little lady , and tried to make friends with her .
I 'm going to be sold to somebody .
just at this moment , the boat stopped at a small landing-place to take in some wood .
Eva heard her father 's voice , and ran away to speak to him .
he was allowed to go about now without chains .
Tom helped the sailors to carry the wood on the boat .
he was so big and strong that they were very glad to have his help .
Eva and her father were standing by the railings as the boat once more began to move .
she fell right over the side of the boat into the water .
in one moment he sprang after her .
the whole boat was in confusion .
but Mr St Clare did not forget .
Eva 's father was a very handsome man .
he was like Eva , with the same beautiful blue eyes and golden-brown hair .
Tom looked up .
Tom looked surprised and a little hurt .
ELIZA AMONG THE QUAKERS
kind people helped her all the way .
the Quakers were gentle , quiet people .
often they were punished for doing this , but still they went on helping the poor slaves .
I can't sleep at night : I can't rest .
no slave that has run away has ever been stolen from our village .
Rachel went out to him .
Rachel shut the door , and drew Eliza towards her .
very gently Rachel laid her down on the bed .
there in a house , which kind voices told her was her home , she saw Harry playing happily .
she heard her husband 's footstep .
his arms were around her , his tears falling upon her face , and she awoke .
it was no dream .
the sun had set , the candles were lit .
Harry was sleeping by her side , and George , her husband , was holding her in his arms .
UNCLE TOM'S NEW HOME
uncle Tom soon settled down in his new home .
he was as happy as he could be , so far away from his wife and dear little children .
he had a kind master .
Mrs St Clare , however , was not nearly so nice as her husband .
in her home people did not have slaves .
yet she did not love them .
it made her quite ill to see Eva kissing and hugging the black slave women when she came home .
I wouldn't have anybody hurt .
but , as to kissing niggers ' she gave a little shudder .
presently a gay laugh sounded from the court .
Mr St Clare stepped out to see what was happening .
then , still laughing , she perched on his knee like a little sparrow .
Tom had a sober smile on his face .
he seemed in his own quiet way to be enjoying the fun quite as much as his little mistress .
but Mr St Clare only smiled .
I don't know .
UNCLE TOM'S LETTER
he had nice clothes , plenty of food , and a comfortable room to sleep in .
he had no hard , disagreeable work to do .
he was dreadfully careless about money , and his chief servant was just as careless as his master .
so between them a great deal was not only spent but wasted .
waste seemed dreadful to him , and he tried to do something to stop it now .
but as time went on , Uncle Tom longed more and more for his home .
at last one day he had a grand idea .
he would write a letter .
it was very difficult .
Poor Uncle Tom found that he had quite forgotten how to make some of the letters .
of those he did remember , he was not quite sure which he ought to use .
yes , it was a very difficult thing indeed .
oh , it is a shame that you ever had to go away from them !
Tom and Eva both started .
Mr St Clare went on , coming up and looking at the slate .
he did not really believe Mrs Shelby meant to buy Tom back again .
that evening the letter was written , and Uncle Tom carried it joyfully to the post-office .
GEORGE FIGHTS FOR FREEDOM
the two had much to say to each other .
then there were plans to make for going on towards Canada .
Rachel was happy and busy , packing up food and clothes for them to take on the journey .
so George and Eliza decided to start as soon as it was dark .
they got in and the waggon drove off .
about three o'clock , George heard the click of a horse 's hoof coming behind them .
but Phineas knew the road well .
he lashed the horses till they flew along , the waggon rattling and jumping over the hard road behind them .
it seemed impossible for any one to climb up there .
but Phineas knew a way .
he stopped the horses .
for answer , the little man took aim at George , and fired .
Eliza screamed , but the shot did not hurt him .
Tom Loker came on .
George waited until he was near enough , then he fired .
the shot hit him in the side .
but , though wounded , he would not go back .
with a yell like that of a mad bull he came leaping on , and sprang right in among them .
now he sprang forward .
down fell Tom Loker , down , down the steep side of the rock .
cruel people are , very often , cowardly too .
they had just reached the bottom , when they saw him coming back with the waggon and two other men .
then they all set out once more .
a drive of about an hour brought them to a neat farm-house .
George and Eliza walked about the garden hand-in-hand , feeling happy together , and almost safe .
they were so near Canada now .
Miss Ophelia found that it was no easy matter to bring anything like order into the St Clare household .
however , she had quite made up her mind that order there must be .
she got up at four o'clock in the morning , much to the surprise of the housemaids .
she was quite black .
her round , shining eyes glittered like glass beads .
her wooly hair was plaited into little tails which stuck out in all directions .
her clothes were dirty and ragged .
Miss Ophelia thought she had never seen such a dreadful little girl in all her life .
I couldn't bear to hear her screaming every day , so I bought her .
I will give her to you .
getting Topsy clean was a very long business .
but at last it was done .
then , sitting down before her , Miss Ophelia began to question her .
did nobody ever tell you ?
what do you mean ?
Topsy looked puzzled , but kept on grinning .
I am very particular about my bed .
this is the hem of the sheet .
this is the right side of the sheet .
this is the wrong .
Topsy , looking very earnest , did it all just as she had been shown .
she did it so quickly and well that Miss Ophelia was very pleased .
the ribbon was pulled out of Topsy 's own sleeve .
yet she did not seem a bit ashamed .
she only looked at it with an air of surprise and innocence .
Miss Ophelia was so angry at such a barefaced lie that she caught Topsy and shook her .
the shake brought the gloves on the floor from the other sleeve .
Topsy now confessed to stealing the gloves .
but she , still said she had not taken the ribbon .
so Topsy confessed to having stolen both the ribbon and the gloves .
what a story !
Topsy began to cry and groan , and declare that she could not .
Just at this minute Eva came into the room wearing her coral necklace .
Miss Ophelia looked perfectly astonished .
you are going to be taken good care of now .
for a minute she looked as if she were going to cry .
what was to be done with Topsy ?
Miss Ophelia was quite puzzled .
she shut her up in a dark room till she could think about it .
but Mr St Clare could not answer her question .
she taught her to read and to sew .
Topsy liked reading , and learned her letters like magic .
but she could not bear sewing .
so she broke her needles or threw them away .
she tangled , broke , and dirtied her cotton and hid her reels .
Miss Ophelia felt sure all these things could not be accidents .
yet she could never catch Topsy doing them .
but if Miss Ophelia ever left her to do it by herself there was sure to be dreadful confusion .
instead of making the bed , she would amuse herself with pulling off the pillow-cases .
my old missis always did .
so Miss Ophelia tried it .
Topsy would scream and groan and implore .
but ye an't any of ye up to me .
then she would turn a somersault , and come up bright and smiling , evidently quite pleased with herself .
two or three years passed .
uncle Tom was still with Mr St Clare , far away from his home .
he was not really unhappy .
but always in his heart was the aching longing to see his dear ones again .
he loved his little mistress Eva very tenderly , and she was ill .
he saw that she was growing white and thin .
she no longer ran and played in the garden for hours together as she used to do .
she was always tired now .
Miss Ophelia noticed it too , and tried to make Mr St Clare see it .
but he would not .
Mrs St Clare never thought that any one , except herself , could be ill .
only Miss Ophelia and the doctor sighed and shook their heads .
and little Eva herself knew ; but she was not troubled .
she knew she was going to God .
she seated herself on his knee , and laid her head on his shoulder .
the time is coming when I am going to leave you .
I wish , papa , they were all free .
there is no doubt that this way is a very bad one .
I do myself .
I wish there was not a slave in the land .
couldn't you go all around and try and persuade people to do right about this ?
Miss Ophelia and Eva had been to church together .
Miss Ophelia had gone to her room to take off her bonnet , while Eva talked to her father .
suddenly Mr St Clare and his little girl heard a great noise coming from Miss Ophelia 's room .
a minute later she appeared , dragging Topsy behind her .
here , I locked her up , and gave her a hymn to learn .
I have talked till I 'm tired .
I 've whipped her .
Topsy came , her hard , round eyes glittering and blinking , half in fear , half in mischief .
old missis used to say so , too .
Eva had stood silent , listening .
now she took Topsy by the hand , and led her into a little room close by .
Topsy laughed scornfully .
she 'd as soon have a toad touch her .
I love you , and I want you to be good .
it makes me sorry to have you so naughty .
Topsy 's round , bright eyes grew suddenly dim with tears .
she did believe at last that it was possible for some one to love her .
she laid her head down between her knees and wept and sobbed .
it soon became quite plain to everybody that Eva was very ill indeed .
every one loved her , and tried to do things for her .
even naughty little Topsy used to bring her flowers , and try to be good for her sake .
uncle Tom was a great deal in Eva 's room .
she used to get very restless , and then she liked to be carried about .
he loved to do it , and could not bear to be long away from his little mistress .
he gave up sleeping in his bed , and lay all night on the mat outside her door .
one day Eva made her aunt cut off a lot of her beautiful hair .
Tom ran .
but in the morning little Eva lay on her bed , cold and white , with closed eyes and folded hands .
she had gone to God .
he did not forget his promise to her about Tom .
it took some time to make a slave free .
joy shone in Uncle Tom 's face .
Mr St Clare felt rather hurt .
he did not like Tom to be so glad to leave him .
Mas'r has been too good .
I had so , mas'r .
now you want to have one of your own .
then he sat down and began to read .
you may die or lose all your money .
Mr St Clare hated being made to do things when he didn't want to .
that evening Mr St Clare went out for a ride .
Tom saw him go , and asked if he should come too .
Tom sat down on the verandah to wait till his master came home .
while he waited , he fell asleep .
presently he was awakened by loud knocking , and the sound of voices at the gate .
he ran to open it .
several men were there carrying a load .
it was Mr St . Clare .
he had been hurt in an accident , and was dying .
very gently they laid him on a sofa .
nothing could be done .
in a short time he had gone to join his little Eva .
UNCLE TOM'S NEW MASTER
there had been great grief in the house when Eva died .
now there was not only sorrow , but gloom and fear .
the kind master was dead , and the poor slaves asked themselves in despair what would happen to them now .
they were not long left in doubt .
one morning Mrs St Clare told them that they were all to be sold .
Poor Uncle Tom !
the news was a dreadful blow to him .
for a few days he had been so happy in the thought of going home .
now , at one stroke , he had lost both his kind master and his hope of freedom .
instead of going home , he was to be sent farther away than ever from his dear ones .
he could not bear it .
he had one hope left .
he would ask Miss Ophelia to speak to Mrs St Clare for him .
so Miss Ophelia asked Mrs St Clare to set Tom free .
I couldn't afford to lose so much money .
he promised dear little Eva that he should have it .
there was only one other thing she could do .
she wrote to Mrs Shelby , telling her that poor Uncle Tom was going to be sold again .
she asked her to send money to buy him back , as soon as possible .
the next day , Uncle Tom and the other slaves belonging to Mr St Clare were sent to market to be sold .
but there was none .
Tom knew from the way this man looked and spoke , that he must be bad and cruel .
he prayed in his heart that this might not be his new master .
but it was .
his name was Legree .
he bought Uncle Tom , several other men slaves , and two women .
the other was an old woman .
the two women were chained together .
then Legree drove them all on to a boat which was going up the river to his plantation .
it was a sad journey .
he made him put on his oldest clothes , then he sold all the others to the sailors .
Legree made his slaves unhappy in every way he could think of .
at last the weary journey was over .
Legree and his slaves landed .
his house was a long way from the river .
the men slaves walked , while Legree and the two women drove in a cart .
Legree was not a gentleman like Mr Shelby or Mr St . Clare .
he was a very rough kind of farmer .
on his farm he grew cotton .
the cotton had to be gathered and tied into bundles .
gathering cotton is very hard work .
the house was bad enough , but the cabins where the slaves lived were far worse .
they were roughly built of wood .
the wind and the rain came through the chinks between the planks .
there were no windows .
the floors were nothing but the bare earth .
there was no furniture of any kind in them , only heaps of dirty straw to sleep upon .
uncle Tom felt more unhappy than ever .
he had hoped at least to have a little room which he could keep clean and tidy .
but this hole he did not even have to himself .
he had to share it with five or six others .
every morning very early the slaves were driven out into the fields like cattle .
the burning sun blazed down upon them , making them hot and tired .
at night they drove the slaves back again to their miserable huts .
but before they could rest , they had to grind and cook the corn for their supper .
GEORGE AND ELIZA FIND FREEDOM
Tom Loker lay tossing and tumbling in his clean , comfortable bed at the Quaker farmhouse .
a pretty , old Quaker lady , with white hair and a kind face , was nursing him .
Tom Loker did not like being ill and having to lie in bed .
I don't care if I tell now .
we have sent a description of what she looks like to the town where the boats start from .
then she went to tell George and Eliza what Tom Loker had said .
so next day Eliza cut off all her beautiful black hair , and dressed herself like a boy .
so George kissed his wife and took heart again .
so the kind lady was going with them , pretending to be the little girl 's aunt .
when everything was ready they got into a cab , and drove to the wharf .
it was a lovely day .
the blue waves of Lake Erie danced , rippling and sparkling , in the sunlight .
the bell rang the boat stopped .
scarcely seeing what he did , George looked out his luggage , and gathered his little party .
they were landed on the shore , and stood still till the boat had started again .
they were free .
UNCLE TOM FINDS FREEDOM
soon Mr Shelby died .
he used to belong to my father .
Legree 's face grew black with anger .
the most rebellious , saucy , impudent dog !
set up my niggers to run away .
I believe he is trying to die .
George , without saying another word , hurried to the place to which the little boy pointed .
as he entered the shed , his head felt giddy and his heart sick .
Uncle Tom lay on a heap of straw on the floor , still and quiet .
it 's all I wanted .
only tell her ye found me going into glory , and that I couldn't stay for no one .
and oh , the poor chil'en , and the baby my old heart 's been most broke for them .
tell them to follow me .
give my love to mas'r , and dear , good missis , and everybody in the place .
he closed his eyes , and with a smile he fell asleep .
there he made Uncle Tom 's grave .
no stone marks his last resting-place .
he needs none .
God knows where he lies .
GEORGE SHELBY FREES HIS SLAVES
George Shelby wrote a little note to his mother , telling her that he was coming home .
on the day he was expected every one was in a state of bustle and excitement .
her black face shone with joy at the thought of seeing Uncle Tom again .
Mrs Shelby sighed .
ever since the letter had come from George she had had a very sad heart .
she felt sure something must be wrong .
Just then the sound of wheels was heard .
Mrs Shelby ran to the door .
in silence they went into the supper-room .
then she turned and walked proudly out of the room .
then George sat down beside Aunt Chloe , and took her hand .
he talked gently to her , telling her of Uncle Tom 's last loving messages .
so she was comforted a little .
we want quite as many servants as we did before .
but now you are free men and free women .
End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Uncle Tom 's Cabin , Young Folks ' Edition by Harriet Beecher Stowe
LITTLE MEN : LIFE AT PLUMFIELD WITH JO'S BOYS
SUNDAY CHAPTER IV .
DAISY'S BALL CHAPTER X HOME AGAIN CHAPTER XI .
LIFE AT PLUMFIELD WITH JO'S BOYS
the man spoke pleasantly , and the boy went on , feeling much cheered by the words .
so they are !
and Nat spread his grimy little hands before the comfortable blaze , with a long sigh of satisfaction .
now I am going to toast you well , and try to get rid of that ugly cough .
and we dance sometimes , and do gymnastics to music .
oh , I would like it ever so much .
Nat 's eyes sparkled .
in the letter which Mr Laurence had sent with Nat , he had said :
this poor lad is an orphan now , sick and friendless .
give him a trial , for the sake of your own boy ,
you shall have as much music as you want , only you must get strong first .
we always allow one pillow-fight Saturday night .
I tried it , and it worked well .
to begin with our old friends .
I want my son to be a manly boy , and this temporary roughness won't hurt him .
Dick Brown , and Adolphus or Dolly Pettingill , were two eight year-olds .
Ned Barker was like a thousand other boys of fourteen , all legs , blunder , and bluster .
Tommy Bangs was the scapegrace of the school , and the most trying scapegrace that ever lived .
he dug paths in winter time , and then privately watered them so that people should tumble down .
some brought wood and water , brushed the steps , or ran errands for Mrs Bhaer .
others fed the pet animals , and did chores about the barn with Franz .
whether you will be pleased or ashamed to read it next Sunday depends on yourself .
here you are .
the rabbits are Ned 's , and the bantams outside are Stuffy 's .
why , last time we traded I had to pay two cents a dozen , and then got little ones .
his name is Christopher Columbus .
a man was going to drown them in our pond , and Pa Bhaer wouldn't let him .
we 're all fond of Toby , and he 's a first-rate donkey , sir .
you begin now and rummage the barn , and I 'll wait here for you .
I never saw such a nice place in all my life .
some folks don't ; my other master didn't .
he had many under gardeners to help him .
a fable is a arrygory ; it 's a story that means something .
so he gladly took the little plots and fell to work .
both are bad , and I want you to try something better .
there was a little more talk about the gardens , and then they all sang together .
he liked poor people , and was very good to them .
then he said aloud , and so earnestly that Demi heard him :
so , when Nat came running to him one day to ask with an excited face :
Mr Bhaer answered readily :
I regret to say that Nat sometimes told lies .
Mr Bhaer smiled , but shook his head .
he 's going to come down heavy on Nat this time .
then he stopped and looked up half-blind with tears , but Mr Bhaer said steadily :
Daisy ran off , and while she worked , Aunt Jo racked her brain for a new play .
this last speech made the two ladies laugh heartily , and increased Daisy 's bewilderment .
as they drove away something rattled in the back of the carriage .
I can't wait .
the boys will like to see it , and want to play one part of it .
it has got to be arranged , and ever so many parts fixed in their places .
he would have everything fine and large , and my little plan got regularly splendid when he took hold .
these noises came from behind a curtain drawn before a deep bay window .
I like it so much !
the meat ain't come yet ; when it does I 'll send it up .
there was a cupboard under the middle shelf , and on opening the door fresh delights appeared .
one half was evidently the cellar , for wood , coal , and kindlings were piled there .
Daisy clasped her hands at this delicious spectacle , and wanted to skim it immediately .
but Aunt Jo said :
then wash your hands and get out the flour , sugar , salt , butter , and cinnamon .
don't I butter the pie plates too ?
Daisy laughed at the idea , and scattered the dabs with a liberal hand .
being undeceived , he departed in great wrath and barked all the way downstairs , to ease his wounded feelings .
my darling pies !
To-day , being the first time , I don't mind , but we must keep our rules .
Daisy proudly showed her kitchen , and rashly promised Uncle Fritz as many flapjacks as he could eat .
Nat and Demi had firm faith in her skill , and the others said they would wait and see .
all admired the kitchen , however , and examined the stove with deep interest .
everyone was very kind to Daisy that afternoon .
while the nursery was empty something dreadful happened .
I have to choose them , because there are so many .
then Demi danced a jig with a gravity beautiful to behold .
Nat was called upon to wrestle with Stuffy , and speedily laid that stout youth upon the ground .
Tommy handed it over with an affectionate look at its smooth handle .
he was silent and gruff before grown people , and only now and then was thoroughly sociable among the lads .
but an unexpected and decidedly alarming event upset all their plans , and banished Dan from Plumfield .
Dan accepted at once , and the others looked on with intense interest .
I keep a school for boys , not for wild beasts .
in spite of his wounds however , he still glared upon his foe , and evidently panted to renew the fight .
but the lawless lad had no thought of obeying , and soon transgressed again .
one Saturday afternoon as a party of the boys went out to play , Tommy said ,
drive on , Tom , and here 's a red rag to flap at the old thing .
Toby back with a bray of remonstrance , and Buttercup lowered her horns angrily .
Buttercup was made comfortable in her stall , and the boys sent to their rooms till supper-time .
Mr Bhaer was called from home on business one day , and the boys had no lessons .
they liked this , and played hard till bedtime , when most of them turned in and slept like dormice .
this idea struck Nat as a fine one , and lent an air of romance to the thing .
he started off to tell Tommy , but put his head in again to say ,
when Mr Bhaer got home next morning he found a nice state of things .
Nat 's fright will do for him , for he is really sorry , and does try to obey me .
but time went on and no Dan came .
she is getting prim and Bettyish , and needs stirring up a bit .
Dizzy , but undaunted , she staggered up , saying stoutly , though her face was drawn with pain ,
there was Miss Nan , to be sure , tugging along a very large band-box tied up in linen bag .
one day after school Demi whispered to his sister , with an ominous wag of the head ,
at the appointed hour the sacrificial train set forth , each child bearing the treasures demanded by the insatiable Kitty-mouse .
I had no beans , so I took some little pebbles , and poked several into my nose .
the Brop is a winged quadruped , with a human face of a youthful and merry aspect .
on their heads they have a horn very like a stiff brown paper lamp-lighter .
they browse over the earth , but can sit up and eat like the squirrel .
the little girls indulged in the usual plays of their age , improving upon them somewhat as their lively fancies suggested .
Nan was never tired of inventing fresh combinations , and Daisy followed her leader with blind admiration .
but the institution most patronized by all was the Club .
it had no other name , and it needed none , being the only one in the neighborhood .
in summer the barn was the rendezvous , and what went on there no uninitiated mortal knows .
Franz was president , and maintained order admirably , considering the unruly nature of the members .
please have lots to eat .
Daisy never could say vegetables properly , and had given up trying .
Nat struck up , and the ball opened with two couples , who went conscientiously through a somewhat varied dance .
the little maid passed round molasses and water in such small cups that one guest actually emptied nine .
Grateful for the praises bestowed upon her daughter , Mrs Smith graciously announced ,
I am disappointed in you , Demi , for I hoped you would never learn to tease Daisy .
Demi walked at the head of the procession , and Mrs Jo brought up the rear , escorted by Kit .
but Demi said , in his most impressive manner ,
she clapped her hands , and joined in the laugh , looking thoroughly tickled at the joke .
so Uncle Teddy and I privately made our kites , and stole away to fly them .
it is because your guests have behaved themselves , and tried to make everything go well .
CHAPTER X HOME AGAIN
no one answered , nothing appeared , and they went back much disappointed .
it was past ten when she rose to shut up the house .
didn't you hear us call you ?
Page was good enough , but too strict .
that 's why they couldn't tell where I 'd gone .
folks gave me things to eat , and I slept in barns and tramped by day .
he ran away from Page a month ago , and has been making his way to us ever since .
now , I will go and see your little Spartan .
I am sure that is the way to conquer him .
but he looked up quickly , and tried to rise as Mr Bhaer said pleasantly ,
Ach ! this is not well .
we must have Dr Firth to-morrow .
she understood it , accepted the unspoken confession , and did not spoil it by any token of surprise .
he nodded and smiled .
these compartments will hold a good deal , you see .
Rob scampered down the avenue as fast as his short legs would carry him .
Demi climbed up to the box beside Peter , the black coachman .
it was my success with you , sir , that gave me courage to try my pet plan .
then , amid much laughing and fun , the cakes were distributed .
where is my Goldilocks ?
look at my little princess ! she has utterly forgotten her dignity , and is screaming like the rest .
Good-by , Jo !
I don't give in , mind you ; for my experiments always fail a few times before they succeed .
it certainly was a pleasant place , airy , clean , and bright .
the walls were decorated with all sorts of things .
Jack added that last suggestion to the general chatter that went on as the family viewed the room .
it wasn't much , was it , Jo ?
we should all like that , and I think it would put considerable useful knowledge into our heads .
I had it here to see how to fix the butterflies right .
I 'll hunt up some more books , and Demi shall keep them in order .
where are those jolly little books we used to read , Jo ?
hearing of this fearful subject for a composition quite reconciled the boys to the thought of writing about familiar things .
I like that Dan very much , Jo .
I wish I could go .
Ned fell out of a tree , and split his jacket down the back , but suffered no other fracture .
the berries were thick , and at last the pails were actually full .
I can't stay all night .
oh , dear !
suddenly he stopped , then turned about , and came stumbling back , screaming in a great panic ,
we shall go to sleep if we don't ; and lost people mustn't sleep .
why did I ever trust my darling so far away ?
such a weary search !
it was the cover of the new tin pail , dropped in the first alarm of being lost .
Dan never forgot the little picture on which the light of his lantern shone that night .
they were set down to bread and milk , while the entire household stood round to gaze upon them .
this was not agreeable , and after sitting a moment she tried to untie the cord .
Nan ate alone , and spent a long afternoon attached to the sofa .
Nan started to follow , then stopped , and said ,
Warm-hearted Nan felt this very much .
in that general refuge for perturbed spirits she found comfort and good counsel from some source or other .
armed with this peace-offering , she approached the little Princess , and humbly presented it .
after this they played pleasantly together , and Nan enjoyed the royal favor for days .
Rob served her like a little lover , and Teddy followed her like a pet dog .
Jack she did not like , because he was afflicted with warts and had a harsh voice .
Ned was banished from court in utter disgrace when he was discovered tormenting some unhappy field-mice .
Demi was her philosopher , and fared much better than such gentlemen usually do among crowned heads .
no fear that they will be too elegant : American boys like liberty too well .
I took the hint , and shall give her some little shirts and aprons for Mrs Carney 's children .
she will keep it for weeks , and never think of tasting it .
let me count two hearts , four red fishes , three barley-sugar horses , nine almonds , and a dozen chocolate drops .
the farewell scene was moving , for the Princess sat upon the hall-table , surrounded by her subjects .
Tommy explained , and Nat corroborated his statement .
old Si is as honest as daylight .
now is the time to undo the wrong done to Tommy , and set yourselves right before us all .
as the words fell from his trembling lips , somebody hissed .
I shall leave it for you to settle with your own conscience .
nobody spoke , however , and only sniffs of sympathy from some of the little fellows broke the silence .
Mr Bhaer shook his head , and added , regretfully ,
this was Daisy .
he succeeded in a part of his ungenerous wish , for Nat cried out , fiercely ,
let me catch you at it again , and I 'll souse you in the river next time .
I don't think I can bear it much longer .
when they walked he strayed away from the rest , and came home late .
do let me hunt for you , I won't ask any wages , but do it for nothing .
poor Nat was so hurt that he could not get over it .
the barn , which was the boys ' Wall Street , knew him no more .
Billy mounted a peck-measure , and looked into the top of the machine , where Tommy kept his writing materials .
Mr Bhaer looked up quickly at the sound .
days passed ; and he went about his lessons and his work , silent , grim , and unrepentant .
I was afraid to tell before , though I wanted to .
I never spent the money ; it 's under the carpet in my room , right behind the washstand .
that 's what I did it for .
it made him right down miserable .
two girlish performances , which would have scandalized Dan to the last degree .
they laughed at her , hustled her out of the way , and protested against her meddling with their affairs .
besides , they make people well , and I like to cure folks .
here Daisy , who had dived into her pocket , presented a neat little housewife with four needles in it .
steady , boys , steady !
try another tack .
I 'm so glad !
I 'm going to talk to him about it when I go home .
she was a queer old woman , and lived alone in a little tumble-down house with nineteen cats .
folks called her a witch , but she wasn't , though she looked like an old rag-bag .
I shall tell Daisy about that .
that 's one of the things I don't want to remember .
hadn't you better try that way ?
he thinks you are the bravest boy he ever saw , and admires your strong way of doing things .
you are only boys yet ; you can teach one another .
uncle made me come back .
he looked up quickly , and stopped panting to answer , with a laugh ,
but as that cannot be , you must try to let me fill her place .
I want to run straight ahead somewhere , to smash something , or pitch into somebody .
I suppose Emil will growl , but he cannot be trusted with horses , and you can .
by the way , to-morrow is market-day , and I must make out my list .
once there , he did his errands carefully , to Mr Bhaer 's surprise and Mrs Jo 's great satisfaction .
but one day Mr Bhaer found him pummelling Jack , who was roaring for mercy under his knee .
the longing to pitch into somebody was so strong you couldn't resist .
but they soon got tired of it , and left Prince Charlie to himself .
the sponge has many uses .
I will relate some of them , and I hope my friends will remember what I say .
here the laugh broke out , and Emil said , as if he had been hit ,
and Miss Nan sat down amid tumultuous applause .
Daisy colored prettily as she took her place , and said , in her modest little voice ,
thus encouraged , Daisy read her little paper , which was listened to with respectful attention .
I love them very much .
they are very wise , and can find their way anywhere .
uncle told me a pretty story about a man named Ma-ho-met .
I think he was a kind man .
I tried to make Topaz , but she did not like the water , and scratched me .
she is a fine cat , she eats apple-pudding and molasses .
uncle James sent me a pocket rifle .
I am going out shooting squirrels soon .
I shot several fine birds for the museum .
they had speckled breasts , and Dan liked them very much .
if you come across any postage-stamps , remember me .
does she make any nice plum-cakes now ?
Mrs Bhaer sends her respects .
I hope to see you soon .
don't you wish to send for me ?
it likes the sunshine , and dances round all day .
let me see ! what else was there to tell about ?
oh , I know !
only think ! it takes them two years to be a dragonfly !
Mrs Jo drew him to her side , and said , with a kiss on his thin cheek ,
our ducks are very tame .
they eat a great deal , and go poking round in the mud and water .
but the little ones don't care a bit .
they fly very quietly , and hunt bats , mice , little birds , and such things .
they build nests in barns , hollow trees , and some take the nests of other birds .
the great horned owl has two eggs bigger than a hen 's and reddish brown .
another kind sounds like a child crying .
the white owl lives by the sea , and in cold places , and looks something like a hawk .
there is a kind of owl that makes holes to live in like moles .
it is called the burrowing owl , and is very small .
he comes out at dusk , and sits round waiting for the bats .
don't you know ?
Dan smiled , and said , in a tone that only she could understand ,
the gardens did well that summer , and in September the little crops were gathered in with much rejoicing .
Jack and Ned joined their farms and raised potatoes , those being a good salable article .
so Tommy had to dig his farm over again , and plant peas .
therefore these vegetable offerings to the dear domestic god and goddess were affectionate , appropriate , and classical .
little nosegays were sent into town on all occasions , and certain vases about the house were her especial care .
but he pulled through it , and served up his first cantaloupe without tasting a mouthful himself .
they were excellent melons , for he had a warm slope for them , and they ripened fast .
he was in a great rage , and flew to Mrs Jo for redress .
he did so , and the three wags were amazed to find their joke so quietly taken .
it spoilt the fun , and the entire disappearance of the melons made them uneasy .
Daisy 's flower seeds in neat little paper bags , all labelled , lay in a drawer of a three-legged table .
Nan 's herbs hung in bunches against the wall , filling the air with their aromatic breath .
there was one butternut-tree on the place , and Rob and Teddy called it theirs .
their funny little ways amused the boys , till one day Silas said ,
those horrid squirrels will have my nuts if you don't .
I told you that , Rob , and you never minded .
there was great lamentation among the young Bhaers till Dick said ,
a carriage sent by Mr Laurie stood before the door .
ten o'clock came , and no one arrived to relieve their anxiety .
they did not feel like playing , yet the time dragged heavily , and they sat about listless and sober .
the others followed ; Franz took his uncle 's seat , and for an hour order reigned .
it was a beautiful way to help and comfort me .
I am needed there in town , and must leave you for some hours .
I want you all .
come in and see me , my boys .
please ask them , with my love .
simple , generous goodness is the best capital to found the business of this life upon .
both were in heaven , and he prayed to both , trying to be good for love of them .
at another time he came to his aunt with a very serious face , and said
I could do it in one day .
Nan and Daisy were sewing with Aunt Jo on certain small garments , for Mrs Carney 's newest baby .
Demi explained with elaboration , permission was readily granted , and the boys departed with their prize .
I whistled , and he trotted up to me as I 'd trained him to do .
we laid there all day , and at night some of our fellers came to look after the missing ones .
six boys lived in her house , and four or five more came in from the town .
among those who lived with her was one named Lewis White .
one day a neighbor sent Miss Crane a basket of gooseberries .
every one looked , and every one declared they knew nothing about it .
James laughed at the queer condition and readily agreed to it , thinking it a very easy one .
but in November the frost came , the days were dull and cold , and wood went fast .
the man slowly softened a little , and won by the kind chat , told his story .
I wish it was my own , I would so gladly give you some of it .
he rode on with Grandfather till they approached the town , then he asked to be set down .
too many tales are as bad as too many bonbons .
Ned hammered at strange machines in the workshop , Demi and Tommy went about murmuring to themselves as if learning something .
but the thing that puzzled Mr Bhaer the most was what became of Rob 's big pumpkin .
the Bhaers received him cordially , for Dan 's sake , pleased that the lad had been remembered .
so every one went into the school-room , and took seats before a curtain made of two bed-covers .
the entertainment began with a spirited exhibition of gymnastics , led by Franz .
Jack quite amazed the public by his rapid calculations on the blackboard .
silence instantly prevailed , and three taps were heard on the wall .
when Cinderella came in he jumped up , and exclaimed , with more warmth than elegance ,
the third scene , as everybody knows , is where the herald comes to try on the shoe .
but I will confess that I do expect a little glory and a career for some of them .
Dan 's future is already plain to me .
Mr Hyde will want him soon , and I mean to give him a brave and faithful little servant .
so unlike the future we planned for you , and yet so suited to you after all .
didn't you predict that having girls with the boys would be a dead failure ?
but really , Teddy , the effect of these girls has been excellent .
Daisy is the domestic element , and they all feel the charm of her quiet , womanly ways .
your Bess is the lady , full of natural refinement , grace , and beauty .
now the feast is eaten , Finished is the play ; But one rite remains for Our Thanksgiving-day .
BURGESS TRADE QUADDIES MARK The Bedtime Story-Books
THE ADVENTURES OF BUSTER BEAR
BOSTON LITTLE , BROWN , AND COMPANY @number@
copyright , 1916 , BY LITTLE , BROWN , AND COMPANY .
I BUSTER BEAR GOES FISHING @number@
LITTLE JOE OTTER GETS EVEN WITH BUSTER BEAR @number@
BUSTER BEAR IS GREATLY PUZZLED @number@
LITTLE JOE OTTER SUPPLIES BUSTER BEAR WITH A BREAKFAST @number@
V ..y GRANDFATHER FROG'S COMMON-SENSE @number@
LITTLE JOE OTTER TAKES GRANDFATHER FROG'S ADVICE @number@
FARMER BROWN'S BOY HAS NO LUCK AT ALL @number@
FARMER BROWN'S BOY FEELS HIS HAIR RISE @number@
LITTLE JOE OTTER HAS GREAT NEWS TO TELL @number@
x . BUSTER BEAR BECOMES A HERO @number@
BLACKY THE CROW TELLS HIS PLAN @number@
FARMER BROWN'S BOY AND BUSTER BEAR GROW CURIOUS @number@
FARMER BROWN'S BOY AND BUSTER BEAR MEET @number@
a SURPRISING THING HAPPENS @number@
BUSTER BEAR IS A FALLEN HERO @number@
CHATTERER THE RED SQUIRREL JUMPS FOR HIS LIFE @number@
BUSTER BEAR GOES BERRYING @number@
SOMEBODY ELSE GOES BERRYING @number@
BUSTER BEAR HAS A FINE TIME @number@
BUSTER BEAR CARRIES OFF THE PAIL OF FARMER BROWN'S BOY @number@
SAMMY JAY MAKES THINGS WORSE FOR BUSTER BEAR @number@
BUSTER BEAR HAS A FIT OF TEMPER @number@
FARMER BROWN'S BOY LUNCHES ON BERRIES @number@
BUSTER BLINKED HIS GREEDY LITTLE EYES RAPIDLY AND LOOKED AGAIN Frontispiece
REDDY GLARED ACROSS THE SMILING POOL AT PETER @number@
BUSTER BEAR WAS RUNNING AWAY TOO @number@
THOSE WHO COULD FLY , FLEW .
THOSE WHO COULD CLIMB , CLIMBED @number@
THE ADVENTURES OF BUSTER BEAR
BUSTER BEAR GOES FISHING
he heard the sweet voices of happy little singers , and they were good to hear .
it was the voice of the Laughing Brook .
who was it ?
he was just climbing up the bank with the fat trout in his mouth .
Little Joe sat down on the bank and prepared to enjoy his breakfast .
Buster Bear tiptoed up very softly until he was right behind Little Joe Otter .
but Little Joe wouldn't .
he snarled at Buster Bear and called him a thief and everything bad he could think of .
Buster didn't seem to mind .
but Little Joe just turned his back and went off down the Laughing Brook in a great rage .
and while he was wondering , he ate it all up .
then he started down the Laughing Brook to try to catch some for himself .
LITTLE JOE OTTER GETS EVEN WITH BUSTER BEAR
Little Joe Otter was in a terrible rage .
it was a bad beginning for a beautiful day and Little Joe knew it .
anyway , that is what Little Joe told Billy Mink .
he took that fat trout away from me and ate it just as if it belonged to him !
I hate him !
Buster Bear hadn't actually taken the fish away from Little Joe .
but looking at the matter as Little Joe did , it amounted to the same thing .
Billy Mink just had to laugh .
the idea of great big Buster Bear getting drowned in the Laughing Brook was too funny .
sure enough , there was Buster Bear sitting close beside a little pool and looking into it very intently .
when he had eaten the trout he had caught , he moved along to the next little pool .
then we 'll see how many fish he will get !
he frightened the fish so that they fled in every direction .
Buster Bear 's fishing was spoiled for that day .
BUSTER BEAR IS GREATLY PUZZLED
Buster Bear hadn't enjoyed himself so much since he came to the Green Forest to live .
when he had finished it , he started on to do some fishing himself .
presently he came to another little pool .
so he didn't move so much as an eye lash .
he was so still that he looked almost like the stump of an old tree .
the fish were so frightened that they wouldn't come back for a long , long time .
at the next little pool the same thing happened .
by this time Buster Bear was in fine spirits .
it was fun to catch the fish , and it was still more fun to eat them .
what finer breakfast could any one have than fresh-caught trout ?
no wonder he felt good !
it looked as if some one had just stirred up all the mud at the bottom .
I would just waste my time .
so he went on to the next little pool .
he found this just as muddy as the other .
then he went on to another , and this was no better .
Buster sat down and scratched his head .
it was puzzling .
yes , Sir , it was puzzling .
everything was still save for the laughter of the Laughing Brook .
somehow , it seemed to Buster as if the Brook were laughing at him .
it looks as if my fishing is spoiled for to-day .
I don't understand it at all .
it 's lucky I caught what I did .
a sudden thought had popped into his head .
then he began to chuckle and finally to laugh .
LITTLE JOE OTTER SUPPLIES BUSTER BEAR WITH A BREAKFAST
fact is , it is very apt To work the other way .
he didn't mean to do it .
oh , my , no !
spite and selfishness were at the bottom of it .
to be sure Bobby Coon caught a few little fish there , but they didn't mind Bobby .
at least , Little Joe did .
then he hurried down to the next little pool and did the same thing .
now Buster Bear is very smart .
you know he had guessed the day before who had spoiled his fishing .
things happened just as he had expected .
it was great fun .
it didn't take Buster long to catch all the fish he could eat .
then he saved a nice fat trout and waited .
then he went off laughing fit to kill himself .
little Joe couldn't find a word to say .
he was so surprised and angry that he went off by himself and sulked .
and Billy Mink , who had been watching , ate the fat trout .
GRANDFATHER FROG'S COMMON-SENSE
there is nothing quite like common sense to smooth out troubles .
people who have plenty of just plain common sense are often thought to be very wise .
that is the way with Grandfather Frog .
anyway , that is what his neighbors think .
Little Joe wouldn't tell , but Billy Mink told the whole story .
so did Grandfather Frog .
so did Jerry Muskrat , who had been listening .
of course this made Little Joe angrier than ever .
he stole our fish , if you like that any better .
grandfather Frog looked up at jolly , round , bright Mr Sun and slowly winked one of his great , goggly eyes .
what a silly idea !
little Joe couldn't find a word to say .
LITTLE JOE OTTER TAKES GRANDFATHER FROG'S ADVICE
Little Joe Otter found that out when he took Grandfather Frog 's advice .
he wouldn't have admitted that he was afraid of Buster Bear .
and really Little Joe has a great deal of courage .
now having one 's own way too much is a bad thing .
it is apt to make one selfish and thoughtless of other people and very hard to get along with .
Little Joe Otter had his way too much .
grandfather Frog knew it and shook his head very soberly when Little Joe had been disrespectful to him .
it tickled him so that he had hard work to keep a straight face .
it was a little sheepish grin at first , but at last it grew into a laugh .
but he didn't take so much as one bite .
Buster was late that morning .
it seemed to Little Joe that he never would come .
once he nearly lost the fish .
Little Joe darted over to the log and looked on the other side .
Little Joe sprang at him angrily , but Shadow was too quick and darted away .
Little Joe put the fish back on the log and waited .
this time he didn't take his eyes off it .
suddenly Buster stopped and sniffed .
one of the Merry Little Breezes had carried the scent of that fat trout over to him .
FARMER BROWN'S BOY HAS NO LUCK AT ALL
Farmer Brown 's boy tramped through the Green Forest , whistling merrily .
he always whistles when he feels light-hearted , and he always feels light-hearted when he goes fishing .
he kept very quiet and fished and fished , patiently waiting for a foolish trout to take his hook .
but he didn't get so much as a nibble .
there the same thing happened .
such a thing never had happened before .
then he picked up one of the little heads and looked at it sharply .
this puzzled him more than ever .
besides , he didn't remember ever having known Billy to leave heads around that way .
Billy sometimes catches more fish than he can eat , but then he usually hides them .
it made him feel very queer .
they were Little Joe Otter and Buster Bear .
FARMER BROWN'S BOY FEELS HIS HAIR RISE
there are just two things that make hair rise anger and fear .
both anger and fear make it do that .
it never had happened before .
you see , there isn't much of anything that Farmer Brown 's boy is really afraid of .
anyway , that is what he said when he told about it afterward .
what do you think ?
why , it was a footprint in the soft mud .
it was the footprint of Buster Bear .
now Farmer Brown 's boy didn't know that Buster Bear had come down to the Green Forest to live .
he never had heard of a Bear being in the Green Forest .
somehow , he didn't feel like meeting Buster Bear .
if he had had his terrible gun with him , it might have been different .
he was being watched .
Little Joe Otter and Buster Bear were watching him and taking the greatest care to keep out of his sight .
he hadn't run , but he had wanted to .
and Buster Bear was just exactly right .
LITTLE JOE OTTER HAS GREAT NEWS TO TELL
Little Joe Otter was fairly bursting with excitement .
he could hardly contain himself .
he couldn't keep it to himself a minute longer than he had to .
Little Joe Otter swam straight to the Big Rock and climbed up to the very highest part .
Little Joe made a good-natured face at Billy Mink and shook his head .
Reddy Fox rolled his lips back in an unpleasant grin .
Reddy glared across the Smiling Pool at Peter .
for a minute no one said a word .
I don't believe a word of it .
Little Joe glared back at Blacky .
isn't that great news ?
BUSTER BEAR BECOMES A HERO
of course , Peter Rabbit helped spread it .
trust Peter for that !
but everybody else helped too .
a few doubted Little Joe 's story .
another was Reddy Fox .
Reddy doubted because he didn't want to believe .
but nearly everybody else believed it , and there was great rejoicing .
Blacky the Crow shook his head and winked .
BLACKY THE CROW TELLS HIS PLAN
Blacky is a dreamer !
Blacky is a schemer !
his voice is strong ; When things go wrong Blacky is a screamer !
it 's a fact .
Blacky the Crow is forever dreaming and scheming and almost always it is of mischief .
Blacky likes excitement .
he wants something going on .
then he has a chance to use that harsh voice of his , and how he does use it !
in the first place he felt very important , and you know Blacky dearly loves to feel important .
on the Big Rock in the Smiling Pool sat Little Joe Otter , Billy Mink , and Jerry Muskrat .
on his big , green lily-pad sat Grandfather Frog .
Blacky waited until he was sure that no one else was coming .
then he cleared his throat very loudly and began to speak .
but no one said anything , and Blacky went on .
perhaps he was , and then again perhaps he wasn't .
perhaps he had something else on his mind .
you have made a hero of Buster Bear , because you believe Little Joe 's story .
right away everybody began to talk at the same time .
it was such a simple plan that everybody agreed to it .
FARMER BROWN'S BOY AND BUSTER BEAR GROW CURIOUS
what was he watching for ?
why , for Farmer Brown 's boy to come out on his way to milk the cows .
in each hand he carried a milk pail .
right away Blacky began to scream at the top of his lungs .
no , Sir , he started straight for the barn .
this is a great plan of yours , Blacky !
Blacky couldn't find a word to say .
he just hung his head , which is something Blacky seldom does .
so it was decided to wait .
it seemed as if Farmer Brown 's boy never would come out , but at last he did .
he just had to know what it was all about .
it was Buster Bear .
FARMER BROWN'S BOY AND BUSTER BEAR MEET
if you should meet with Buster Bear While walking through the wood , What would you do ?
Farmer Brown had laughed and laughed .
if you want to find Mr Bear , you will have to go to the Great Woods .
I don't know who made that footprint , but it certainly couldn't have been a Bear .
Buster Bear had come to live in the Green Forest , and Farmer Brown 's boy had seen his footprint .
you see , Buster walked very softly .
Big as he is , he can walk without making the teeniest , weeniest sound .
what was going to happen ?
a SURPRISING THING HAPPENS
Blacky the Crow and Sammy Jay , looking down from the top of a tall tree , held their breath .
Reddy Fox , lying flat down behind a heap of brush , held his breath .
then something happened .
yes , Sir , something happened .
Farmer Brown 's boy opened his mouth and yelled !
and that yell was a yell of fright .
everybody leaned forward to watch him .
I 'm sorry that I doubted it .
see him go !
then there was a great crash which made everybody turn to look the other way .
what do you think they saw ?
altogether it was the most surprising thing that the little people of the Green Forest ever had seen .
then Little Joe gave a funny little gasp .
then everybody began to laugh .
BUSTER BEAR IS A FALLEN HERO
that was the way with Buster Bear .
at least some of them had .
it was hard to believe , but it was true .
and right away everybody lost a great deal of the respect for Buster which they had felt .
it is always that way .
they began to say unkind things about him .
he would grind his teeth and glare up at them , but that was all he could do .
he couldn't get at them .
he just had to stand it and do nothing .
with a frightened little shriek Chatterer scampered to the top of the tree .
he hadn't known that Buster could climb .
he was in trouble this time , was Chatterer , sure enough !
and there was no one to help him .
CHATTERER THE RED SQUIRREL JUMPS FOR HIS LIFE
it isn't very often that Chatterer the Red Squirrel knows fear .
that is one reason that he is so often impudent and saucy .
you see , he knows that Shadow can go wherever he can go .
if only he had kept his tongue still instead of saying hateful things to Buster Bear !
if only he had known that Buster could climb a tree !
if only he had chosen a tree near enough to other trees for him to jump across !
Chatterer was in the worst kind of trouble , and there was no one to blame but himself .
that is usually the case with those who get into trouble .
Chatterer gave a little frightened gasp and looked this way and looked that way .
what should he do ?
what could he do !
if only he had wings like Sammy Jay !
but he hadn't .
I 'll swallow you whole , that 's what I 'll do .
but Chatterer didn't think of that .
he did it now .
this helped him too .
it helped him keep his balance and keep from turning over and over .
down , down , down he sailed and landed on his feet .
of course , he hit the ground pretty hard , and for just a second he quite lost his breath .
Buster Bear watched him and grinned .
BUSTER BEAR GOES BERRYING
it 's a habit .
however , it isn't a bad habit unless it is carried too far .
any habit becomes bad , if it is carried too far .
then there wouldn't be any secret .
he did it just to keep from being lonesome .
that is one thing about habits , you always take them with you wherever you go .
I need a change .
yes , Sir , I need a change .
there is something I ought to have at this time of year , and I haven't got it .
I know !
I need some fresh fruit .
it must be about berry time now , and I 'd forgotten all about it .
now if I were back up there in the Great Woods I could have all I could eat .
Buster sighed .
then he sighed again .
he wandered about uneasily .
he was hungry hungry for berries and nothing else .
then his face brightened .
I 'll go up there at the very first peep of day to-morrow .
that 's just what I 'll do .
when at last Buster lay down for a nap , Sammy flew away , chuckling to himself .
Sammy was on the lookout very early the next morning .
it moved very swiftly and silently , as if in a great hurry .
Sammy knew who it was : it was Buster Bear , and he was going berrying .
Sammy waited a little until he could see better .
SOMEBODY ELSE GOES BERRYING
that is just what happened the day that Buster Bear first thought of going berrying .
you see , the bushes grow very thick there , and you cannot see very far in any direction .
Farmer Brown 's boy started to whistle , and then he stopped .
that is how he happened to hear a little cry , a very faint little cry .
if he had been whistling , he wouldn't have heard it at all .
he stopped to listen .
he never had heard a cry just like it before .
of course Farmer Brown 's Boy didn't let him .
BUSTER BEAR HAS A FINE TIME
to be sure , he wasn't in the Green Forest now , but he wasn't far from it .
nothing can quite equal honey in Buster 's mind .
but next to honey give him berries .
raspberries , blackberries , or blueberries , either kind , will make him perfectly happy .
he didn't try to get them out .
oh , my , no !
he just chomped them all up together and patted his stomach from sheer delight .
it seems funny but he actually is afraid of them .
but when he found those berries he was so hungry that he forgot his fears and everything else .
they tasted so good that he just had to eat and eat and eat .
you know how it is .
somehow , time is the hardest thing in the world to remember , when you are having a good time .
jolly , round , red Mr Sun climbed higher and higher in the blue , blue sky .
he looked down on all the Great World and saw all that was going on .
and then he gave a little gasp of surprise and delight .
right in front of him was a shiny thing just full of the finest , biggest , bluest berries !
there were no leaves or green ones there .
Buster blinked his greedy little eyes rapidly and looked again .
no , he wasn't dreaming .
they were real berries , and all he had got to do was to help himself .
Buster looked sharply at the shiny thing that held the berries .
it seemed perfectly harmless .
he reached out a big paw and pushed it gently .
it tipped over and spilled out a lot of the berries .
yes , it was perfectly harmless .
Buster gave a little sigh of pure happiness .
he would eat those berries to the last one , and then he would go home to the Green Forest .
BUSTER BEAR CARRIES OFF THE PAIL OF FARMER BROWN'S BOY
the question is , did Buster Bear steal Farmer Brown 's boy 's pail ?
he knew well enough that some one must have picked them for whoever heard of blueberries growing in tin pails ?
so there is no doubt that when Buster took them , he stole them .
but with the pail it was different .
he took the pail , but he didn't mean to take it .
in fact , he didn't want that pail at all .
he didn't think anything about the right or wrong of helping himself .
and that is just what he did do .
of course he upset the pail , but he didn't mind a little thing like that .
Just then he heard a little noise , as if some one were coming .
he didn't need to be told whose voice that was .
it was the voice of Farmer Brown 's boy .
right then and there Buster Bear nearly had a fit .
there was that awful pail fast over his head so that he couldn't see a thing .
he growled and whined and squealed .
he tried to pull it off , but somehow he couldn't get hold of it .
then there was another yell .
you see Farmer Brown 's boy had just discovered Buster Bear .
in fact , he was too surprised and frightened even to run .
after that second yell he just stood still and stared .
Buster clawed at that awful thing on his head more frantically than ever .
suddenly it slipped off , so that he could see .
yes , Sir , Buster Bear ran away with the big tin pail of Farmer Brown 's boy !
he didn't want it .
he would have given anything to get rid of it .
but he took it because he couldn't help it .
and that brings us back to the question , did Buster steal Farmer Brown 's boy 's pail ?
what do you think ?
SAMMY JAY MAKES THINGS WORSE FOR BUSTER BEAR
never had he screamed so loud , and never had his voice sounded so excited .
he was so surprised that he almost forgot to keep his wings moving .
Buster Bear had what looked to Blacky very much like a tin pail hanging from his neck !
no wonder Sammy was excited .
Blacky beat his wings fiercely and started after Sammy .
come on , everybody !
he felt humiliated .
that is just another way of saying shamed .
but Buster is so big that it is not easy for him to find a hiding place .
but it was of no use .
they actually flew into the very tree under which he was hiding , and how they did scream !
even timid little Whitefoot the Wood Mouse was where he could peer out and see without being seen .
that awful pail was proof of it .
BUSTER BEAR HAS A FIT OF TEMPER
Buster Bear was in a terrible temper .
yes , Sir , Buster Bear was having the worst fit of temper ever seen in the Green Forest .
now ordinarily Buster is one of the most good-natured persons in the world .
it takes a great deal to rouse his temper .
it seemed to Buster that he had had all that he could stand that day and a little more .
it was more than any self-respecting Bear could stand .
with a roar of anger Buster Bear charged out of his hiding place .
he rushed this way and that way !
he was very terrible to see .
those who could fly , flew .
those who could climb , climbed .
in less time than it takes to tell about it , Buster was alone .
then he vented his temper on the tin pail .
he lay down and clawed at it with his hind feet .
at last the handle broke , and he was free !
he shook himself .
then he jumped on the helpless pail .
with a blow of a big paw he sent it clattering against a tree .
he tried to bite it .
FARMER BROWN'S BOY LUNCHES ON BERRIES
there are plenty more on the bushes , and all I 've got to do is to pick them .
he whistled .
yes , indeed , it might have been worse .
that bear might have tried to eat me instead of the berries .
I never was hungrier in my life .
no , Sir , there wasn't so much as a crumb left of those two thick sandwiches .
Farmer Brown 's boy gaped foolishly this way and that way .
then , instead of growing angry , a slow smile stole over his freckled face .
two or three times , as he trudged along , he stopped to scratch his head thoughtfully .
THE ADVENTURES OF BUSTER BEAR
THE ADVENTURES OF REDDY FOX
THE ADVENTURES OF JOHNNY CHUCK
THE ADVENTURES OF PETER COTTONTAIL
THE ADVENTURES OF UNC ' BILLY POSSUM
THE ADVENTURES OF MR . MOCKER
THE ADVENTURES OF JERRY MUSKRAT
THE ADVENTURES OF DANNY MEADOW MOUSE
THE ADVENTURES OF GRANDFATHER FROG
THE ADVENTURES OF CHATTERER , THE RED SQUIRREL
THE ADVENTURES OF SAMMY JAY
THE ADVENTURES OF BUSTER BEAR
THE ADVENTURES OF OLD MR . TOAD
THE ADVENTURES OF PRICKLY PORKY
THE ADVENTURES OF OLD MAN COYOTE
THE ADVENTURES OF PADDY THE BEAVER
THE ADVENTURES OF BOBBY COON
THE ADVENTURES OF JIMMY SKUNK
THE ADVENTURES OF BOB WHITE
THE ADVENTURES OF OL ' MISTAH BUZZARD
THE BURGESS BIRD BOOK FOR CHILDREN
FURTHER CHRONICLES OF AVONLEA
all related by L . M MONTGOMERY
Anne is as lovable a child as lives in all fiction .
there is nothing in her to disappoint hope or imagination .
you would recognize her at sight .
the poetic touch , too , never fails in the right place and is never too frequently introduced in her descriptions .
they throw a glamor over that Northern land which otherwise you might imagine as rather cold and barren .
what charming Springs they must have there !
sentiment with a humorous touch to it prevails in the first two stories of the present book .
the one relates to the disappearance of a valuable white Persian cat with a blue spot in its tail .
the dramatic and unexpected denouement is delightful fun .
the story is both poignant and dramatic .
self-sacrifice , as the real basis of happiness , is a favorite theme in Miss Montgomery 's fiction .
happiness generally lights up the end of her stories , however tragic they may set out to be .
the story of the revival at Avonlea has also a good moral .
NATHAN HASKELL DOLE .
I aunt Cynthia 's Persian Cat II .
her Father 's Daughter IV .
FURTHER CHRONICLES OF AVONLEA
I AUNT CYNTHIA'S PERSIAN CAT
as for Ismay , she hates cats and always did .
of all cats I loathed that white Persian cat of Aunt Cynthia 's .
aunt Cynthia was always worrying lest it should take cold and die .
but we did not say so to Aunt Cynthia .
she would probably never have spoken to us again and there was no wisdom in offending Aunt Cynthia .
besides , we really liked Aunt Cynthia very much at times .
one day , in November , Aunt Cynthia came sailing out to Spencervale .
everything had gone wrong .
mine never smokes .
I imagine that pretty Anne Shirley , who is visiting Ella Kimball , doesn't .
I asked , smilingly .
right well Aunt Cynthia knew I had .
Max always told her .
and I didn't drive out here to-day in all this wind to talk sense into you concerning Max .
I don't dare to trust her with the servants .
I looked at Ismay and Ismay looked at me .
well , that is all settled .
I demanded , crossly .
Ismay Meade , if that stove doesn't stop smoking I shall fly into bits .
this is a detestable day .
Ismay is stupid at times .
Fatima arrived the next day .
Max brought her out in a covered basket , lined with padded crimson satin .
Max likes cats and Aunt Cynthia .
of course I said no , as usual , but I was rather pleased .
Max had been proposing to me about every two months for two years .
sometimes , as in this case , he went three months , and then I always wondered why .
I concluded that he could not be really interested in Anne Shirley , and I was relieved .
so I just beamed on him when I said no .
Max began counting on his fingers .
I asked .
my manly pride will not allow me to propose to the same girl more than twelve times .
I forgot to resent his calling me darling .
I wondered if things wouldn't be rather dull when Max gave up proposing to me .
it was the only excitement I had .
I am dark , with brown eyes .
Just then I detested Max .
I got up and said I was going to get some milk for Fatima .
I found Ismay in a rage in the kitchen .
she had been up in the garret , and a mouse had run across her foot .
mice always get on Ismay 's nerves .
that garret is literally swarming with mice .
Fatima did not prove such a nuisance as we had feared .
when we came home Fatima was gone .
when she came back the kitchen door had blown open and Fatima had vanished .
Ismay and I were frantic .
then Ismay sat down on the front doorsteps and cried .
days passed , but we did not find Fatima .
he was worth his weight in gold during the awful week that followed .
we had never heard of this presentiment before , but Ismay is good at having presentiments after things happen .
I demanded , helplessly .
if so , you must buy it , and palm it off on your good Aunt as Fatima .
it will cost us a good deal more if we lose Aunt Cynthia 's favor .
so we advertised .
Max went to town and had the notice inserted in the most important daily .
Just at this moment there was a knock at the door and I hurried out .
the postmaster 's boy was there with a telegram .
I tore it open , glanced at it , and dashed back into the room .
I held out the telegram .
it was from Aunt Cynthia .
she had wired us to send Fatima to Halifax by express immediately .
for the first time Max did not seem ready to rush into the breach with a suggestion .
neither Ismay nor I can rush off to Halifax at once .
if the cat looks enough like Fatima , buy it and take it to Aunt Cynthia .
I stared at him .
this was so unlike Max .
buying a cat in a joke is a huge risk .
it would be all in the day 's work then .
Ismay got up and went out of the room .
if necessary , I will take a black street cat to Aunt Cynthia , and swear that it is Fatima .
I said helplessly .
I thought hard .
Max left for Halifax in the morning .
next day we got a wire saying it was all right .
Ismay and I put him in a chair and glared at him impatiently .
Max began to laugh and laughed until he turned blue .
you look at the address on a telegram next time you get one .
I wired them to send Fatima at once .
I murmured , mining deeper every minute .
she meant Aunt Cynthia , and , remembering our shabby furs , I didn't disagree with her .
as for the rest , Fatima is your property now , so Aunt Cynthia can't grumble .
when Max left I went to the window to watch him down the path .
he was really a handsome fellow , and I was proud of him .
even at that distance I saw the look of amazement on his face .
then he came bolting back .
I cried .
straight to the garret we rushed .
there sat Fatima , sleek and complacent , sunning herself in the window .
Max laughed until the rafters rang .
it 's a wonder you didn't hear her crying if she did cry .
but perhaps she didn't , and , of course , you sleep downstairs .
Max held me back for an instant , while Ismay and Fatima pattered down .
I looked at him sideways .
he was really a dear .
Niceness fairly exhaled from him .
THE MATERIALIZING OF CECIL
Even Nancy , my old nurse and servant , knew that , and pitied me for it .
Nancy is an old maid herself , but she has had two proposals .
I had really often wondered why nobody had ever fallen in love with me .
it is nearly full now , because I have been writing poetry all my life .
it is the only thing I have ever been able to keep a secret from Nancy .
I am convinced she would send for the doctor post-haste and insist on mustard plasters while waiting for him .
I must not be uncharitable .
the Sewing Circle met at Mary Gillespie 's on my fortieth birthday .
I had given up writing birthday odes after I was thirty .
in the afternoon I went to the Sewing Circle .
when I was ready for it I looked in my glass and wondered if I could really be forty .
I always have my mirror hung in the darkest corner of my room .
as for the other old maids , they talked gossip about every one , and I did not like that either .
the young girls were merrier and noisier than usual .
Wilhelmina Mercer was there , and she kept them going .
I meant to inscribe them in the little blank book when I went home .
Georgie 's speech brought me back to harsh realities with a jolt .
I really do not know what got into me and possessed me .
it was TOO humiliating .
for once in my life I made a sensation .
every woman in that room stopped sewing and stared at me .
her pretty face lighted up with interest .
we 're all interested .
if Josephine had not said that , I might not have gone on .
that settled it , and made me quite reckless .
I hastily reviewed my past .
there was only one place to locate Cecil Fenwick .
Susette wanted to know .
I proceeded glibly to sketch my ideal .
he had been a lawyer .
oh , we were both so young and so foolish .
it was my fault .
he went out West and never came back .
I have never seen him since , and I do not even know if he is alive .
when I got home that night Nancy looked at me wonderingly , and said :
I had to have some outlet for my feelings .
it just warmed up the cockles of my heart , and I began to enjoy the Sewing Circle famously .
they lived quietly , and Mrs Maxwell hardly ever went anywhere because she was delicate .
it was the Sewing Circle day again at Sarah Gardiner 's this time .
everybody looked at me in the strangest way .
of course , Wilhelmina Mercer was the first to set her tongue going .
I said non-excitedly , getting out my thimble and patterns .
I suppose I did what they expected me to do .
if they had just known why I turned so pale !
I said blankly .
he has never married I asked Mrs Maxwell so you see he has never forgotten you , Miss Holmes .
I couldn't exactly share her cheerful belief .
everything seemed to me to be coming out most horribly wrong .
my feelings were simply indescribable .
I shall never forget that awful afternoon .
right after tea I excused myself and went home as fast as I could go .
there I shut myself up in my room , but NOT to write poetry in my blank book .
I felt in no poetical mood .
I tried to look the facts squarely in the face .
all my friends and foes believed that he was the estranged lover of my youth .
if he stayed long in Avonlea , one of two things was bound to happen .
but Providence had other views for me .
Cecil Fenwick didn't go away .
Mrs Maxwell gave a party for him .
Wilhelmina means well , but she hasn't a great deal of sense .
Cecil Fenwick seemed to be a great favorite with everybody , young and old .
he was very rich , too , and Wilhelmina declared that half the girls were after him .
as for me , I gave up going out at all , even to church .
I fretted and pined and lost my appetite and never wrote a line in my blank book .
my trouble was too deep-seated for pills to cure .
one evening , when I was moping in my room , Nancy came up .
my heart gave just one horrible bounce .
I faltered .
then I hunted up an old Advocate for proof , and down I went to the parlor .
then my legs gave out completely , and I couldn't have walked another step to save my life .
I just stood there , my hand on the knob , trembling like a leaf .
he was very handsome , and his gray hair gave him such a distinguished look .
the scowl went right off his face and the anger out of his eyes .
he looked astonished , and then foolish .
I saw the color creeping up into his cheeks .
as for me , I still stood there staring at him , not able to say a single word .
I 've been a fool I know now they weren't true .
it 's dreadful enough , but not as dreadful as you might otherwise think .
he looked puzzled , as well he might .
I just confessed the whole shameful business .
she declared you had told her about it yourself .
I confess I flamed up .
but who would ever have supposed that there could be a real Cecil Fenwick who had lived in Blakely ?
when he finally went away he asked if he might come again .
and I , an old maid of forty , caught myself blushing like a girl .
but I felt like a girl , for it was such a relief to have that explanation all over .
I couldn't even feel angry with Adella Gilbert .
and he came so often after that that even Nancy got resigned to him .
one day I had to tell her something .
I shrank from doing it , for I feared it would make her feel badly .
well , Miss Charlotte , I wish you happiness .
I 'm not going to trust you to the mercies of a yellow Chinee with a pig-tail .
and I 've subscribed for the Weekly Advocate again .
HER FATHER'S DAUGHTER
it was a difference inherent in temperament .
I was six years old .
she held out to me a small velvet pincushion with beads on it .
and that has been Aunt Jane 's way ever since .
she 's only my great-aunt by marriage .
people , who knew , rarely attempted it ; strangers occasionally did , misled by the deceit of appearances .
she had delicate aquiline features and a small , babyish red mouth .
she looked as if a breath would sway her .
a quarrel might be inevitable later on ; Rachel wanted to save all her resources for that .
Rachel never could understand this irritation .
they were postmarked from seaports all over the world .
Mrs Spencer never read them or looked at them ; but she remembered every dash and curve of the handwriting .
Isabella Spencer had overcome many things in her life by the sheer force and persistency of her will .
Rachel was to be married to Frank Bell in a fortnight 's time .
Mrs Spencer was pleased with the match .
they were in the sitting-room , deciding on the wedding guests and other details .
she wore her sleek , golden hair in a quaint arch around it .
she was fresh and young and hopeful .
the mother 's heart contracted in a spasm of pain as she looked at her .
those easy , curving outlines , those large , mirthful blue eyes , that finely molded chin !
Isabella Spencer shut her lips firmly and crushed down some unbidden , unwelcome memories .
the dining-room is too small .
she offered to lend them .
I 'd never have been willing to ask her .
the damask table cloths with the ribbon pattern must be bleached to-morrow .
nobody else in Avonlea has such tablecloths .
her breath was coming quicker , and the faint blush on her smooth cheeks had deepened to crimson .
she knew that a critical moment was approaching .
with a steady hand she wrote the last name on her list and drew a line under it .
Rachel passed the paper across the table in silence .
the room seemed to her to have grown very still .
she felt frightened and nervous , but resolute .
but when she came to the last name , she did not utter it .
she cast a black glance at Rachel , and a spark leaped up in the depths of the pale eyes .
the final name on the list of wedding guests was the name of David Spencer .
David Spencer lived alone in a little cottage down at the Cove .
he was also Isabella Spencer 's husband and Rachel 's father .
her fright and nervousness were gone .
she wondered a little at herself , and thought that she must be wicked .
her lips narrowed tightly .
in spite of her anger her heart thrilled to it .
Rachel took no notice of this taunt .
Rachel made no response .
she lay down on the blue and white patchwork quilt on her bed , and cried softly and bitterly .
she knew that her mother had probably spoken the truth when she said that he would not come .
twenty-five years before this , David Spencer and Isabella Chiswick had been married .
David was a handsome fellow , with the blood of a seafaring race in his veins .
Isabella liked farming , and loved her fertile acres and opulent orchards .
David must be transformed into a respectable , home-abiding tiller of broad lands .
for five years all went well enough .
his soul struggled within him like a fettered thing .
Isabella opposed the scheme vehemently and unwisely , with mordant sarcasm and unjust reproaches .
he was determined to go , and he told Isabella so .
David had gone ; he did not believe that she meant it .
Isabella met him at the door , smileless , cold-eyed , set-lipped .
David 's surprise left him at a loss for words .
I 'm no wife of yours .
then she had gone in , shut the door , and locked it in his face .
David had stood there for a few minutes like a man stunned .
then he had turned and walked away up the lane under the birches .
from that day no reference to his wife or her concerns ever crossed his lips .
he went directly to the harbor , and shipped with Captain Barrett for another voyage .
he went nowhere and encouraged no visitors .
Isabella Spencer also had adopted the tactics of silence .
five months after David Spencer had been turned from his wife 's door , Rachel was born .
Isabella had ceased to hope secretly that her husband would yet come back .
for a long time it puzzled her childish brain .
why was this ?
Rachel slipped silently from her mother 's knee and ran out to the Springtime garden with a full heart .
there she cried passionately over her mother 's last words .
she did not dream of disobeying her mother and she did not disobey her .
she was an imaginative child , and in fancy she made the acquaintance of her father .
once her mother asked her impatiently why she talked so much to herself .
two years later something wonderful had happened to Rachel .
and Isabella was not an entertaining companion .
Rachel never particularly enjoyed an outing with her mother .
it was a shallow cove where the waters purred on the yellow sands .
Outside , the wind was boisterous and rollicking ; here , it was reverent and gentle .
she wanted to linger awhile in this dear spot and revel in it .
I don't want to go to Gull Point .
the other girls went on , leaving Rachel sitting on the skids , in the shadow of the big white boat .
suddenly she heard a step behind her .
she liked him .
Rachel nodded gravely .
the big man sat down on a bleached log of driftwood and smiled at her .
but I have seen many other very wonderful things .
Rachel went unhesitatingly .
when she reached him he pulled her down on his knee , and she liked it .
as a rule , Rachel hated kissing .
but now she promptly put her arms about this strange man 's neck and gave him a hearty smack .
she felt his arms tighten suddenly about her .
the blue eyes looking into hers grew misty and very tender .
he was her father .
if David Spencer realized that she understood he said nothing .
she had always been sure he could tell beautiful stories .
the lid looked like a beautiful golden flower and the handle was a coil of a dragon 's tail .
Rachel sat and looked at it rapt-eyed .
Rachel knew there was something very sad in his eyes and voice .
she longed to kiss him again and comfort him .
Rachel was perfectly happy .
she wished she might stay forever in that low , dim room with all its treasures .
he took her up in his arms and held her tightly against his breast for a single moment .
Rachel was sitting demurely on the skids when her companions came back .
she only smiled mysteriously when they asked her if she had been lonesome .
that night , for the first time , she mentioned her father 's name in her prayers .
she never forgot to do so afterwards .
Rachel never visited the Cove again .
the ceremony was to be performed at eight o'clock in the evening .
her wedding gown was a fine , sheer organdie , simply and daintily made .
she was very happy ; but her happiness was faintly threaded with the sorrow inseparable from all change .
presently her mother came in , carrying a small basket .
one of the boys from the harbor brought it up .
he was bound to give it into your own hands said that was his orders .
she spoke coldly .
two huge pink-spotted shells came first .
beneath them , carefully wrapped up in a square of foreign-looking , strangely scented silk , was the dragon teapot .
she held it in her hands and gazed at it with tears gathering thickly in her eyes .
it was among the things I packed up and sent after him .
his father had brought it home from China fifty years ago , and he prized it beyond anything .
it was very brief , and the writing was that of a man who holds a pen but seldom .
it was like you to ask me for I know it was your doing .
I hope you will be very happy .
I am sending you the shells and teapot you liked so much .
do you remember that day we had such a good time ?
Rachel resolutely blinked away the tears that filled her eyes .
it was now almost dark .
the guests would not be coming for half an hour yet .
it was only fifteen minutes ' walk over the hill to the Cove .
hastily Rachel shrouded herself in her new raincoat , and drew a dark , protecting hood over her gay head .
she opened the door and slipped noiselessly downstairs .
Mrs Spencer and her assistants were all busy in the back part of the house .
in a moment Rachel was out in the dewy garden .
she would go straight over the fields .
nobody would see her .
it was quite dark when she reached the Cove .
in the crystal cup of the sky over her the stars were blinking .
flying flakes of foam were scurrying over the sand like elfin things .
back in the house she had left , the guests were coming to the wedding .
there were jests and laughter and friendly greeting .
there was no reply ; the room was dark and still .
in sudden alarm , Isabella Spencer snatched the lamp from the hall table and held it up .
the little white room was empty .
but David Spencer 's letter was lying on the stand .
she caught it up and read it .
a flash of intuition had revealed to her where and why the girl had gone .
his pallid dismay recalled Mrs Spencer to herself .
she gave a bitter , ugly little laugh .
she hasn't run away from you .
nobody must know of this .
it 's just like what she would do .
she has gone to coax him to come and see her married .
she was crazy about it .
and the minister is here and it is half-past seven .
she 'll ruin her dress and shoes in the dust and dew .
Frank 's presence of mind had returned to him .
he knew all about Rachel and her father .
she had told him everything .
Mrs Spencer had stood quakingly on guard until he had disappeared .
so Rachel had gone to her father !
he must have thought something of her , after all , when he sent her that teapot and letter .
Mrs Spencer shut down the pantry window with a vicious thud .
she sprang up , her face flushed and appealing , her eyes bright and dewy with tears .
Frank thought he had never seen her look so lovely .
of course I 'm not angry .
but don't you think you 'd better come back now ?
David Spencer shook his head stubbornly .
I was locked out of it .
never mind me .
Frank , I 'm going to be married here in my father 's house !
that is the right place for a girl to be married .
Frank looked rather dismayed .
but I was thinking of your mother .
she was betraying unsuspected ability to manage people .
she pounced on him and whisked him out of sight into the supper room .
what made you come that way ?
they will all have to know , anyway .
Rachel says she is going to be married from her father 's house , or not at all .
Isabella 's face turned crimson .
I wash my hands of this affair .
do as you please .
he began to fear that he would lose his bride past all finding in this maze of triple stubbornness .
Isabella Spencer knew it .
they were too amazed even to talk about the strange happening .
a strange thrill shot to Isabella 's heart ; she felt herself trembling .
further words were lost on her husband 's lips .
when the hubbub of handshaking and congratulating had subsided , Isabella Spencer stepped out before the company .
she looked almost girlish and bridal herself , with her flushed cheeks and bright eyes .
who ever heard of a bridegroom talking of forgiveness ?
so she had not run .
everybody in Avonlea knew this , because everybody in Avonlea knew everything about everybody else .
usually Mr Patterson 's face was as broad and beaming as a harvest moon .
I knew it !
I 've been expecting to hear it !
goodness knows who looks after her place .
it doesn't matter to me whether Charlotte is sick or whether she isn't .
YOU know that perfectly well , Mr Patterson , if anybody does .
I don't want to be excited , Mr Patterson .
I won't be excited , not even if Charlotte has another spell .
what was she writing to Charlotte about ?
not that I want to know , of course .
I 'm not interested in Charlotte 's correspondence , goodness knows .
but if Jane had anything in particular to write about she should have written to ME .
I am the oldest .
Charlotte had no business to get a letter from Jane Roberts without consulting me .
it 's just like her underhanded ways .
look at Charlotte !
everybody knows how Jacob Wheeler used her .
Charlotte wouldn't even let me know that Jane was ill .
and who has a better right to it than me , I should like to know ?
ain't I the oldest ?
and haven't I had experience in bringing up babies ?
if it hadn't been for you I suppose I should never have known it at all .
she married out of them into the Wheelers .
she can attend to them .
but Mr Patterson had driven away .
Rosetta Ellis and Charlotte Wheeler had not exchanged a word for ten years .
Rosetta had been bitterly opposed to the match from the first .
she vowed she had no use for Jacob Wheeler .
even the death of Jacob Wheeler , five years after the marriage , had not healed the breach .
you don't know anything about babies , even if you are married .
didn't I take William Ellis 's baby , when his wife died ?
tell me that , Charlotte Wheeler !
and didn't the little thing thrive with me , and grow strong and healthy ?
yes , even you have to admit that it did , Charlotte Wheeler .
and yet you have the presumption to think that you ought to have Jane 's baby !
yes , it is presumption , Charlotte Wheeler .
you know it did , Charlotte Wheeler .
she soon found her way to the house where her cousin lived .
she was my sister-in-law , and she lived with me ever since her husband died .
Poor Jane looked and longed for some one to come from Avonlea , but she couldn't hold out .
but she took Miss Rosetta upstairs to the room where the baby was sleeping .
Charlotte would be sure to give it some perfectly heathenish name .
Miss Rosetta decided to stay in Charlottetown until after the funeral .
that night she lay with the baby on her arm , listening with joy to its soft little breathing .
she did not sleep or wish to sleep .
moreover , she gave a spice to them by occasionally snapping some vicious sentences out loud at Charlotte .
night came ; no Charlotte .
another morning and no Charlotte .
Miss Rosetta was hopelessly puzzled .
what had happened ?
it was quite likely .
Mrs Wheeler could not leave home until she had obtained another hired man .
the eyes of the two women met defiantly .
Miss Rosetta 's face wore an air of triumph , chastened by a remembrance of the funeral that afternoon .
Mrs Wheeler 's face , except for eyes , was as expressionless as it usually was .
Jane meant that I should have her .
you can make up your mind to that , Charlotte Wheeler .
a woman who eloped to get married isn't fit to be trusted with a baby , anyhow .
but Mrs Wheeler had rushed past into the house .
Miss Rosetta composedly stepped into the cab and drove to the station .
Miss Rosetta would not look at this satisfaction , or give it a name , but it was there .
Mrs Wheeler had come to the store and bought a lot of fine flannel and muslin and valenciennes .
Mr Blair was so accustomed to know what everybody bought anything for that such a mystery quite upset him .
when Miss Rosetta returned to the kitchen , her eyes fell on an empty cradle .
Camilla Jane was gone !
Miss Rosetta promptly screamed .
she understood at a glance what had happened .
six months ' old babies do not get out of their cradles and disappear through closed doors without any assistance .
I might have expected it .
I might have known when I heard that story about her buying muslin and flannel .
but I 'll go after her !
I 'll show her !
Miss Rosetta pounded lustily on the front door .
Miss Rosetta tried the door .
it was locked .
it was laughing and cooing , and making little dabs at her with its dimpled hands .
bring her out to me at once at once , I say !
how dare you come to my house and steal a baby ?
you 're no better than a common burglar .
Charlotte came over to the window with the baby in her arms and triumph glittering in her eyes .
with that Mrs Wheeler pulled down the shade .
Miss Rosetta had to go home .
there was nothing else for her to do .
it was all over Avonlea by night , and created quite a sensation .
Avonlea had not had such a toothsome bit of gossip for a long time .
she even carried it with her when she went to milk the cows .
Miss Rosetta gave an exclamation of amazement and dropped her basket of apples .
Miss Rosetta flew to meet her .
the hired man has gone for the doctor .
you were the nearest , so I came to you .
Jenny White was there when they came on , so I left her and ran .
oh , Rosetta , come , come , if you have a spark of humanity in you !
you know what to do for convulsions you saved the Ellis baby when it had them .
for a second Charlotte Wheeler hesitated .
the doctor lived eight miles away and the baby was very bad .
the two women and Jenny White worked over her for hours .
you are worried to death trying to run this farm with the debt Jacob Wheeler left on it for you .
I 'll be real glad to go home , Rosetta , and that 's the truth .
I 've had a hard enough time .
I 'd like to hear anybody say a word against him in my presence .
look at that blessed child , Charlotte .
isn't she the sweetest thing ?
it stirs in human hearts , and makes them glad with the old primal gladness they felt in childhood .
that year I hated the spring I , who had always loved it so .
I suppose every lover thinks that of his lass ; otherwise he is a poor sort of lover .
but it was not only my eyes of love that made my dear lovely .
Nay , it was not so .
she was happy here , even in my absences .
no , she was never lonely here then .
the third spring came , and our boy was born .
our boy lived for twenty months .
but the heart of the father is not as the heart of the mother .
I hoped that spring might work its miracle upon her .
one night I awakened from sleep , realizing in the moment of awakening that I was alone .
I listened to hear whether my wife were moving about the house .
I heard nothing but the little splash of waves on the shore below and the low moan of the distant ocean .
I rose and searched the house .
she was not in it .
it was pale , fainting moonlight .
at last I saw my wife coming to me along the shore .
she seemed to be very tired , and at intervals she wrung her small hands together .
I said , drawing her close to me .
she looked at me wonderingly .
he called me .
I awakened in the darkness and heard him calling to me down on the shore .
I hurried out to him , but I could not find him .
oh , I tried so hard to overtake it , but I could not .
once I saw a little white hand beckoning to me far ahead in the moonlight .
but still I could not go fast enough .
and then the cry ceased , and I was there all alone on that terrible , cold , gray shore .
I was so tired and I came home .
but I wish I could have found him .
perhaps he thinks his mother never listened to his call .
what could I do but go to him ?
you cannot understand you are only his father .
but there was no more sleep for me that night .
I kept a grim vigil with dread .
I had smiled at the story then .
what had that grim old bygone to do with springtime and love and Josephine ?
but it came back to me now , hand in hand with my fear .
was this fate coming on my dear wife ?
it was too horrible for belief .
so I tried to comfort myself .
she seemed more cheerful that day than she had been , and went about her household duties briskly and skillfully .
I was sure now that she had only dreamed .
and I was confirmed in my hopeful belief when two nights had passed away uneventfully .
then , on the third night , the dream-child called to her again .
I wakened from a troubled doze to find her dressing herself with feverish haste .
can't you hear him ?
yes , yes , my precious , mother is coming .
wait for me .
I caught her hand and let her lead me where she would .
he looked grave when he heard my story .
I did not like his expression nor his few guarded remarks .
he needed not to tell me THAT .
we had been seen on our nightly quests .
men and women began to look at us pityingly when we went abroad .
one day , on a dull , drowsy afternoon , the dream-child called .
I could not watch by day and night .
unless I had assistance I would break down .
I did not think that I should .
love is stronger than that .
and on one thing I was determined they should never take my wife from me .
no restraint sterner than a husband 's loving hand should ever be put upon her , my pretty , piteous darling .
I never spoke of the dream-child to her .
the doctor advised against it .
it would , he said , only serve to deepen the delusion .
he never spoke of it again .
the evening bells were ringing faintly and mournfully in a church across the harbor .
behind me , in the kitchen , I heard my wife singing .
sometimes now her spirits were fitfully high , and then she would sing the old songs of her girlhood .
nothing about her was sadder than that strange singing .
Josie was standing by the window , looking out and listening .
I tried to induce her to go to bed , but she only shook her head .
three hours passed on .
when the clock struck midnight she started up , with the wild light in her sunken blue eyes .
she opened the door and fled down the path to the shore .
I snatched a lantern from the wall , lighted it , and followed .
it was the blackest night I was ever out in , dark with the very darkness of death .
we moved in the little flitting circle of light shed by the lantern .
this pain , that never leaves me , would leave me than .
oh , my pretty boy , wait for mother !
I am coming to you .
what was it ?
but Josephine 's cold hand gripped mine firmly , and led me on .
that strange cry still rang in my ears .
he wailed again when he saw us , and held out his little hands .
my horror fell away from me like a discarded garment .
THIS child was living .
it was no cry of parted spirit I had heard that was enough for me .
she stooped over the dory and lifted the baby in her arms .
my arms have been so empty they are full now .
oh , David , the pain at my heart has gone .
he has come to me to take the place of my own .
God has sent him to me out of the sea .
he is wet and cold and tired .
silently I followed her home .
just as I shut our door behind us it smote the house with the roar of a baffled beast .
I let her have her way .
she seemed like her old self .
for my own part , I was bewildered .
whose child was this ?
whence had he come ?
what was the meaning of it all ?
he was a pretty baby , fair and plump and rosy .
when he was dried and fed , he fell asleep in Josie 's arms .
she hung over him in a passion of delight .
it was with difficulty I persuaded her to leave him long enough to change her wet clothes .
I expected that the morrow would bring some one seeking the baby .
but they did not come .
day after day passed , and still they did not come .
I was in a maze of perplexity .
what should I do ?
I shrank from the thought of the boy being taken away from us .
since we had found him the dream-child had never called .
the only thing strange in her was her calm acceptance of the event .
yet it is an almost unbelievable thing that there has been no search or inquiry after him .
probably there is some simple explanation of the mystery , however .
I advise you to go over to the Cove and inquire .
it may prove your wife 's salvation .
I have known such cases .
evidently on that night the crisis of her mental disorder was reached .
I drove around the harbor that day with a lighter heart than I had hoped ever to possess again .
when I reached Spruce Cove the first person I met was old Abel Blair .
he looked at me in surprise , shook his head , and said he had not heard of any .
but this child , sir it beats me .
I described the child as closely as possible .
or , if it is , there 's been foul work somewhere .
James Martin 's wife died last winter , sir , and he died the next month .
we supposed it was all right .
last Saturday she went , sir .
it hasn't been thought of since .
when we reached my home old Abel recognized the child as Harry Martin .
he is with us still .
his baby hands led my dear wife back to health and happiness .
therefore I look upon him and love him as my first-born .
THE BROTHER WHO FAILED
the Monroe family were holding a Christmas reunion at the old Prince Edward Island homestead at White Sands .
Edith came , flushed with the triumph of her latest and most successful concert tour .
James , prosperous and hearty , greeted them warmly at the old homestead whose fertile acres had well repaid his skillful management .
I have forgotten Robert .
Robert Monroe was apt to be forgotten .
Robert sat back in a corner and listened with a smile , but he never spoke .
afterwards he had slipped noiselessly away and gone home , and nobody noticed his going .
he came again the next afternoon .
there was nobody in the house except Aunt Isabel and the teacher .
Robert went across the yard and sat down on the rustic bench in the angle of the front porch .
he felt very happy .
he was proud of their success and fame .
he was glad that James had prospered so well of late years .
there was no canker of envy or discontent in his soul .
presently Aunt Isabel moved nearer to the window , and her words came down to Robert with startling clearness .
they 're a smart family .
aunt Isabel repeated her words emphatically .
he is the first Monroe to disgrace the old stock that way .
I 'm sure his brothers and sisters must be dreadfully ashamed of him .
he can't even make his farm pay .
Robert Monroe stood up below the window in a dizzy , uncertain fashion .
aunt Isabel had been speaking of him !
THERE lay the sting .
she took a quick step after Robert , but checked the impulse .
Ralph and Malcolm were driving into the yard .
Edith went over to them .
the Christmas dinner at the old homestead was a merry one .
Mrs James spread a feast that was fit for the halls of Lucullus .
Robert gave a low sigh of relief .
it was almost over .
he wondered impatiently why Mrs James did not rise .
Malcolm rose in his place .
silence fell on the company ; everybody looked suddenly alert and expectant , except Robert .
simple , earnest words must express the deepest feelings of the heart in doing justice to its own .
Brothers and sisters , we meet to-day under our own roof-tree , surrounded by the benedictions of the past years .
when I was a lad of sixteen I started to work out my own education .
I went to work , eager and hopeful .
all summer I tried to do my faithful best for my employer .
in September the blow fell .
a sum of money was missing from Mr Blair 's till .
I was suspected and discharged in disgrace .
Robert did not move or glance up .
he hardly seemed to be listening .
you are innocent , and in time your innocence will be proved .
meanwhile show yourself a man .
I have a little I can give to help you out .
I went to the Academy .
he furnished the backbone for me .
I was determined that his belief in me should be justified .
then there seemed to be no chance of my earning any more money that summer .
another winter of lonely work passed at the Academy .
I went to Redmond College .
since then my career has been what is called a brilliant one .
Robert had looked up at last , amazed , bewildered , incredulous .
his face crimsoned as Malcolm sat down .
but now Ralph was getting up .
and I needed it badly .
a chance came my way to make a pile of it .
it wasn't a clean chance .
it was a dirty chance .
it looked square on the surface ; but , underneath , it meant trickery and roguery .
I hadn't enough perception to see that , though I was fool enough to think it was all right .
I told Robert what I meant to do .
I 've kept that vow .
but I didn't make it .
Robert really made every cent of my money .
I 've got a son here .
by this time Robert 's head was bent again , and his face buried in his hands .
after mother died I took typhoid fever .
here I was with no one to wait on me .
Robert came and nursed me .
the doctor said Robert saved my life .
Edith wiped away her tears and sprang up impulsively .
she failed .
he made her take it .
she went to the Halifax conservatory .
she won a musical scholarship .
she has had a happy life and a successful career .
but Edith could go no further .
her voice failed her and she sat down in tears .
Margaret did not try to stand up .
I have never forgotten the lessons he taught me .
I was often headstrong and willful , but he never lost patience with me .
suddenly the little teacher rose with wet eyes and crimson cheeks .
I speak for the people of White Sands .
there is a man in this settlement whom everybody loves .
that was Robert Monroe .
she was broken-hearted .
as Kathleen Bell sat down , Malcolm sprang up and held out his hands .
everybody stood up and joined hands , but one did not sing .
Robert Monroe stood erect , with a great radiance on his face and in his eyes .
when the singing ceased Malcolm 's stern-faced son reached over and shook Robert 's hands .
THE RETURN OF HESTER
just at dusk , that evening , I had gone upstairs and put on my muslin gown .
Mary Sloane did not count .
but I did it because Hester would have cared if she had been here .
she always liked to see me neat and dainty .
the Newbridge people all wondered why I had not put on mourning for Hester .
I was all alone , for Mary Sloane had gone to Avonlea .
through an open corner on the western side I saw the sky all silvery blue in the afterlight .
Hester had loved roses and could never have enough of them .
her favorite bush was growing by the steps , all gloried over with blossoms white , with pale pink hearts .
I gathered a cluster and pinned it loosely on my breast .
I was all alone , and it was bitter .
I wanted the clasp of a human hand , and the love-light in human eyes .
I had always lived alone with Hester .
I did not remember our parents , who had died in my babyhood .
I was twenty-five before I ever had a lover .
this was not , I think , because I was more unattractive than other women .
the rest of the people looked up to us , because we were the granddaughters of old Squire Meredith .
the Newbridge young men would have thought it no use to try to woo a Meredith .
when I was twenty-five , Hugh Blair came to Newbridge , having bought a farm near the village .
I met him at a little Sunday-School picnic over at Avonlea , which I attended because of my class .
he talked to me a great deal , and at last he drove me home .
the next Sunday evening he walked up from church with me .
Hester was away , or , of course , this would never have happened .
she had gone for a month 's visit to distant friends .
in that month I lived a lifetime .
Mary Sloane was very much pleased at Hugh 's visit .
she told me that I had forgotten myself and that Hugh 's visits must cease .
I had never been afraid of Hester before , but I was afraid of her then .
I yielded .
I think that was why Hugh 's strength had appealed so to me .
I needed love and protection .
Hester , strong and self-sufficient , had never felt such a need .
she could not understand .
I told Hugh timidly that Hester did not approve of our friendship and that it must end .
he took it quietly enough , and went away .
she was not very discerning in some things .
after a time I got over it ; that is , the heartache ceased to ache all the time .
but things were never quite the same again .
Life always seemed rather dreary and empty , in spite of Hester and my roses and my Sunday-School .
the years went by and we never met , although I saw him often at church .
but my heart always yearned after him .
and then Hester died .
she had not mentioned his name for years .
I thought she had forgotten all about him .
I asked , weeping .
I promised .
I was sure that Hugh would never think of me again .
she smiled when she heard me , and pressed my hand .
you are like our mother she was always weak and loving .
she did , indeed .
even in her coffin her dark , handsome features preserved their expression of pride and determination .
this distressed me , but I could not help it .
yet I felt no anger or resentment towards her for what she had done .
I knew she had meant it for the best my best .
it was only that she was mistaken .
he said he had always loved me , and could never love any other woman .
all my old love for him reawakened .
in my weakness I yearned for his strength .
I could not break it , and I told him so .
it was the hardest thing I had ever done .
he did not go away quietly this time .
he pleaded and reasoned and reproached .
every word of his hurt me like a knife-thrust .
but I could not break my promise to the dead .
if Hester had been living I would have braved her wrath and her estrangement and gone to him .
but she was dead and I could not do it .
finally he went away in grief and anger .
that was three weeks ago and now I sat alone in the moonlit rose-garden and wept for him .
but after a time my tears dried and a very strange feeling came over me .
I felt calm and happy , as if some wonderful love and tenderness were very near me .
if it were not for one thing I think I should hardly believe it myself .
but because of that one thing I know it was real .
not a breath of wind stirred .
the moonshine was the brightest I had ever seen .
one could have read fine print .
this woman was tall and erect .
although no suspicion of the truth came to me , something about her reminded me of Hester .
even so had Hester liked to wander about the garden in the twilight .
I wondered who the woman could be .
some neighbor , of course .
she walked up the garden slowly in the poplar shade .
my heart gave a great throb and I stood up .
she was quite near to me now and I saw that it was Hester .
I can hardly say just what my feelings were at this moment .
I know that I was not surprised .
I was frightened and yet I was not frightened .
in the moonlight I saw her face quite plainly .
this was gone now , and I felt nearer to her than ever before .
I knew suddenly that she understood me .
I stood up and followed her out of the garden .
we went down the road between the growths of young fir that bordered it .
just as we passed out of the Avenue , James Trent overtook us , driving .
Just then his horse suddenly swerved , as if startled , and broke into a gallop .
they whirled around the curve of the road in an instant .
I felt relieved , but puzzled .
JAMES TRENT HAD NOT SEEN HESTER .
Down over the hill was Hugh Blair 's place .
when we came to it , Hester turned in at the gate .
I stopped and looked at her .
her deep eyes gazed into mine , but she did not speak .
we went on .
Hugh 's house lay before us in the moonlight , grown over by a tangle of vines .
I felt unspeakably happy and blessed .
when we came to the door Hester said ,
I rapped gently .
in a moment , Hugh opened it .
THE LITTLE BROWN BOOK OF MISS EMILY
we often went up to the Leiths in the evening to play croquet .
Millie and Margaret Leith were very nice girls , and the boys were nice , too .
indeed , we liked every one in the family , except poor old Miss Emily Leith .
in a way , we felt sorry for Miss Emily .
she was Mr Leith 's old-maid sister and she was not of much importance in the household .
but , though we felt sorry for her , we couldn't like her .
Diana and I thought this was because she had never had a lover of her own .
somehow , it seemed impossible to think of lovers in connection with Miss Emily .
and then , one day , Miss Emily died .
I 'm afraid no one was very sorry .
Miss Emily was dead and buried before Diana and I heard of it at all .
I asked in bewilderment .
the key is tied to it .
I ran over to Orchard Slope and asked Diana to come over and examine the trunk with me .
we opened the old trunk .
it was very small , and there was nothing in it but a big cardboard box .
the box was tied up and the knots sealed with wax .
we lifted it out and untied it .
at the bottom of the box was a little brown book .
the rest were not written on at all .
I came to-day to spend a while with Aunt Margaret in Charlottetown .
I have no cows to milk here or pigs to feed .
I never had a muslin dress before nothing but ugly prints and dark woolens .
I wish we were rich , like Aunt Margaret .
it seems to me that I am when I look in Aunt Margaret 's beautiful mirrors .
she is so fat and red .
last week I went to the garden party and I met a young man called Paul Osborne .
he is a young artist from Montreal who is boarding over at Heppoch .
I felt very much flattered and so pleased when Aunt Margaret gave him permission .
I am to wear my blue muslin gown and a wreath of flowers on my hair .
he says I have such beautiful hair .
he has never seen any of such a real pale gold .
somehow it seems even prettier than ever to me since he praised it .
I had a letter from home to-day .
the picture is coming on very well , Mr Osborne says .
and he says any one with my eyes and hair and coloring does not need to be clever .
he says I have the sweetest , merriest laugh in the world .
but I will not write down all the compliments he has paid me .
I dare say he does not mean them at all .
in the evening we stroll among the spruces or sit on the bench under the acacia tree .
sometimes we don't talk at all , but I never find the time long .
I am so happy .
I am frightened at my happiness .
Paul loves me !
why , my hands are quite rough yet from the work I 've done .
but Paul just laughed when I said so , and took my hands and kissed them .
we are to be married next spring and Paul says he will take me to Europe .
that will be very nice , but nothing matters so long as I am with him .
Paul 's people are very wealthy and his mother and sisters are very fashionable .
I never thought any one could feel so .
but that is not the way at all .
love makes you very humble and you want to do everything yourself for the one you love .
Paul went home to-day .
oh , it is so terrible !
I don't know how I can bear to live even for a little while without him .
but , still , it is so lonesome .
we have had such a beautiful fortnight .
I think my heart is dead .
but no , it can't be , for it aches too much .
Paul 's mother came here to see me to-day .
she was not angry or disagreeable .
I wouldn't have been so frightened of her if she had been .
as it was , I felt that I couldn't say a word .
her face is like Paul 's but without the loveableness of his .
I seemed to see everything through her eyes .
I do not think she has any pity or mercy for any one .
besides , what she said was quite true .
she smiled again and went away .
oh , how can I bear it ?
I did not know any one could suffer like this !
I have done it .
I wrote to Paul to-day .
I suppose a clever woman easily could , but I am so stupid .
at last I got one that I thought would do .
I spelled some words wrong and put in some mistakes of grammar on purpose .
I said FELLOW because I knew it would disgust him .
I thought my heart would break while I was writing those dreadful falsehoods .
but it was for his sake , because I must not spoil his life .
his mother told me I would be a millstone around his neck .
I love Paul so much that I would do anything rather than be that .
I think my letter will convince Paul .
I suppose it convinced Paul , because there was no further entry in the little brown book .
when we had finished it the tears were running down both our faces .
Paul Osborne 's name was written in faded ink across the corner .
we put everything back in the box .
Mrs Jonas Andrews was spending the afternoon with her sister-in-law .
she was a big , sonsy woman , with full-blown peony cheeks and large , dreamy , brown eyes .
when she had been a slim , pink-and-white girl those eyes had been very romantic .
now they were so out of keeping with the rest of her appearance as to be ludicrous .
of course it 's a long walk there and back .
she asked me if it was true .
I said I didn't know , but I hoped to mercy it was .
I 've talked and argued till I 'm tired .
but she felt discouraged , too .
well , she had done her best .
if Lige Baxter 's broth was spoiled it was not for lack of cooks .
Mrs Eben 's despondent reply was cut short by the appearance of Sara herself .
the girl stood for a moment in the doorway and looked with a faintly amused air at her aunts .
Sara put away her books , kissed Mrs Jonas ' rosy cheek , and sat down at the table .
but Sara wouldn't hear of it .
it 's just her way .
but she scolded Sara considerably .
he has always been held up to me as such a paragon .
I 'm tired of hearing about all his perfections .
such a faultless creature as that would certainly get on my nerves .
the quilting came off on Saturday afternoon , when Sara could be home from school .
all Mrs Eben 's particular friends were ranged around the quilt , and tongues and fingers flew .
Sara flitted about , helping her aunt with the supper preparations .
she was in the room , getting the custard dishes out of the cupboard , when Mrs George Pye arrived .
Mrs George had a genius for being late .
she was later than usual to-day , and she looked excited .
she was a tall , thin woman with a long pale face and liquid green eyes .
as she looked around the circle she had the air of a cat daintily licking its chops over some titbit .
every other woman at the frame stopped quilting .
Mrs Eben came to the door with a pan of puffy , smoking-hot soda biscuits in her hand .
Sara stopped counting the custard dishes , and turned her ripely-colored face over her shoulder .
even the black cat , at her feet , ceased preening his fur .
Mrs George felt that the undivided attention of her audience was hers .
you could have knocked me down with a feather .
I should have thought that firm was as steady as the Rock of Gibraltar !
but they 're ruined absolutely ruined .
the sound seemed to loosen the paralyzed tongues , and everybody began talking and exclaiming at once .
clear and shrill above the confusion rose Mrs George Pye 's voice .
everything will have to go Peter Baxter 's farm and Lige 's grand new house .
Mrs Peter won't carry her head so high after this , I 'll be bound .
she did not like Mrs George Pye .
well , Sara , you were the level-headest of us all I 'll admit that now .
there was a clink of glass at the cupboard , as Sara set the tray down .
her face was very pale , but her flashing eyes sought and faced defiantly Mrs George Pye 's cat-like orbs .
her voice quivered with passion and contempt .
you couldn't say enough in his praise , once .
she flashed a glance around the quilt that cowed the gossips .
even Mrs George Pye 's eyes flickered and waned and quailed .
nothing more was said until Sara had picked up her glasses and marched from the room .
even then they dared not speak above a whisper .
I 'm sorry for him , and I believe he 's done his best .
one evening Harmon Andrews came in with a fresh budget of news .
trust him for slipping out of a scrape clean and clever .
folks hereabouts have had enough of the Baxter breed .
her heart was throbbing with the pity she always felt for bruised and baited creatures .
at last she came to a little rustic gate , leading into a shadowy wood-lane .
he opened the gate and drew her through .
Lige looked wistfully down at her through the gloom .
but I didn't think you 'd care to see me , after what you said last spring .
and you know things have been going against me .
people have said hard things .
I 'm going away , later on .
Sara stopped and turned to him .
above it was a new moon , like a gleaming silver scimitar .
that was all Sara wanted .
Mrs Jonas puffed and panted up the hill to learn if it were true .
and Sara had to .
when Mrs Jonas came , Mrs Eben sent Sara off to the post-office to get her out of the way .
I 'm no turn-coat .
I 've always said he 's a fine young man , and I say so still .
Mrs Jonas heaved a sigh of relief .
I always liked Lige .
when any creature got sick or unfortunate she seemed to take it right into her heart .
x . THE SON OF HIS MOTHER
Thyra Carewe was waiting for Chester to come home .
she never twitched or fidgeted .
if it was sitting still , she sat still .
she worships that son of hers far ahead of her Creator .
Thyra 's hands were folded idly in her lap .
she had not moved a muscle since she sat down .
the evening was cold and autumnal .
the river , below the Carewe homestead , was livid .
beyond it , the sea was dark and brooding .
she would not light a lamp because it would blot out the savage grandeur of sea and sky .
it was better to wait in the darkness until Chester came home .
he was late to-night .
she thought he had been detained over-time at the harbor , but she was not anxious .
her thoughts went out along the bleak harbor road to meet him .
she thought of Cynthia White , knitting across the road , with contemptuous pity .
Thyra had never wanted a daughter , but she pitied and despised all sonless women .
Chester 's dog whined suddenly and piercingly on the doorstep outside .
he was tired of the cold stone and wanted his warm corner behind the stove .
Thyra smiled grimly when she heard him .
she had no intention of letting him in .
hence it pleased her to hear his dog whine .
lively shadows of little girl-shapes passed and repassed on the pale oblong of light .
they made Thyra conscious of her exceeding loneliness .
he was a gossip and Thyra hated gossip , in man or woman .
but August was privileged .
he pulled a crumpled newspaper from his pocket and handed it to Thyra .
he was the unofficial mail-carrier of Avonlea .
most of the people gave him a trifle for bringing their letters and papers from the office .
there was always venom in August 's gossip .
to be sure , it was the tolerance they gave to inferior creatures , and August felt this .
perhaps it accounted for a good deal of his malignity .
Thyra perceived it and vaguely felt something antagonistic in it .
August crawled into it and smiled .
it pleases me to look at her .
even a hunchback can use his eyes , eh ?
she had sat down in a chair before him , with her hands folded in her lap .
her face , always pale , had not changed ; but her lips were curiously white .
August Vorst saw this and it pleased him .
there 's no need to look like that about it .
she and Chester will make a pretty pair .
August nodded .
he saw that it would not be wise to trifle longer with Thyra .
I was there before I came here .
Tut , tut , Thyra , don't take the news so .
I thought you knew .
it 's no secret that Chester has been going after Damaris ever since she came here .
you can't tie him to your apron strings forever , woman .
seeing that he 's straight and well-shaped , no doubt Damaris will look with favor on him .
Thyra made a sound like a strangled moan in the middle of August 's speech .
she heard the rest of it immovably .
when it came to an end she stood and looked down upon him in a way that silenced him .
and you need not bring my mail here any longer .
August went , but at the door he turned for a parting stab .
I 've told you the truth , as all Avonlea knows it .
Chester is mad about Damaris Garland .
it 's no wonder I thought you knew what all the settlement can see .
Thyra did not answer him .
when the door closed behind him she locked it and blew out the light .
her very soul ached .
that her son should ever cast eyes of love on any girl was something Thyra had never thought about .
she had never been able to forgive them for this .
her husband had died before Chester was a year old .
she had laid their son in his dying arms and received him back again with a last benediction .
to Thyra that moment had something of a sacrament in it .
she had never thought of it in connection with him .
and , to her , Chester was her baby still .
he belonged solely to her .
and now another woman had dared to look upon him with eyes of love .
Thyra now remembered seeing her .
Thyra had met her on the bridge one day a month previously .
the girl had gone past her with a smile that brought out many dimples .
Thyra had turned and looked after the lithe , young creature , wondering who she might be .
he loved her ; and it was past doubt that she loved him .
the thought was more bitter than death to Thyra .
that she should dare !
her anger was all against the girl .
Thyra thought savagely of Damaris ' beauty .
he belongs to me !
she got up , wrapped a shawl about her head , and went out into the darkly golden evening .
the clouds had cleared away , and the moon was shining .
the air was chill , with a bell-like clearness .
the alders by the river rustled eerily as she walked by them and out upon the bridge .
late travelers passed her , and wondered at her presence and mien .
Carl White saw her , and told his wife about her when he got home .
at first I thought it was old , crazy May Blair .
she 'll go out of her mind yet , like her old grandmother Lincoln , if she doesn't ease up .
she 's like no other woman in Avonlea or out of it .
I 'd as soon meddle with a tiger as her , if she 's rampaging about Chester .
he always stood up for her when the Avonlea women ran her down .
he wished he had gone back , in spite of Cynthia .
when Chester came home he met his mother on the bridge .
he was very handsome .
even in the seething of her pain and jealousy Thyra yearned over his beauty .
but she held him back by his arm .
Chester was uncomfortable .
Thyra released his arm , and struck her hands together with a sharp cry .
there was a savage note in it .
she could have slain Damaris Garland at that moment .
it isn't fit for you to be here .
who has been tampering with you ?
the blood rolled rapidly over the boy 's face .
he forced himself to speak gently .
what 's that baby-face to you , compared to your mother ?
I have the best right to you .
Chester realized that there was no arguing with such a mood .
he walked on , resolved to set the matter aside until she might be more reasonable .
but Thyra would not have it so .
she followed on after him , under the alders that crowded over the lane .
all the settlement will hear you .
why do you object to Damaris ?
you don't know how sweet she is .
he made no answer .
she suddenly broke into tears and loud sobs .
touched with remorse , he stopped and put his arms about her .
I can't bear to see you cry so .
but , indeed , you are unreasonable .
you must promise not to go to see her again .
I won't go into the house this night until you do .
oh , mother , you 're making it hard for me .
come in , come in !
you 're shivering with cold now .
he knew she would keep her word .
and he feared more than that .
there was a strain of insanity in the Lincolns .
a Lincoln woman had drowned herself once .
Chester thought of the river , and grew sick with fright .
for a moment even his passion for Damaris weakened before the older tie .
oh , surely there 's no need of all this !
let us wait until to-morrow , and talk it over then .
I 'll hear all you have to say .
he felt her long ascendancy .
its influence was not to be shaken off in a moment .
in all his life he had never disobeyed her .
besides , with it all , he loved her more deeply and understandingly than most sons love their mothers .
she ran to him and caught him to her heart .
she did not heed his silence as they went into the house together .
she had taken him from Damaris Garland ; but she had not won him back to herself .
there was a barrier between them which not all her passionate love could break down .
but he avoided her , and she knew it .
the flame of her anger burned bitterly towards Damaris .
she knew that Damaris was suffering , too .
the girl 's wan face told that when she met her .
but this pleased Thyra .
it eased the ache in her bitter heart to know that pain was gnawing at Damaris ' also .
Chester was absent from home very often now .
in late November he and Joe started for a trip down the coast in the latter 's boat .
Thyra saw him go with a heart sick from fear .
Chester had been fond of the sea from boyhood .
this mad freak of starting off down the shore in November is just of a piece with his usual performances .
he laughed when I spoke of danger .
oh , he 's changed from what he was !
Carl shrugged his fat shoulders .
he pitied Thyra , too .
she had aged rapidly the past month .
he 's out of leading-strings now , or should be .
Carl could not cope with Thyra 's moods .
he had never understood her , even in his youth .
Cynthia was much easier to get along with .
Damaris Garland listened to the smothered roar of the Atlantic in the murky northeast with a prescience of coming disaster .
Thyra could not sleep that night .
the wind screamed like a ravening beast at her window .
Thyra , looking from her kitchen window , saw a group of men on the bridge .
they were talking to Carl White , with looks and gestures directed towards the Carewe house .
she went out and down to them .
none of these who saw her white , rigid face that day ever forgot the sight .
they looked at each other , each man mutely imploring his neighbor to speak .
Thyra looked at him with dull eyes .
not one of you has any hope .
I have no son .
she turned and went back to her desolate home .
none dared to follow her .
Carl White went home and sent his wife over to her .
Cynthia found Thyra sitting in her accustomed chair .
her hands lay , palms upward , on her lap .
her eyes were dry and burning .
she met Cynthia 's compassionate look with a fearful smile .
do you remember ?
your word was a true one .
God saw that I loved Chester too much , and He meant to take him from me .
I thwarted one way when I made him give up Damaris .
but she did not say so there .
it taught her the right thing to do now .
the tears filled her big , blue eyes and her voice trembled as she said :
for a moment Thyra strained her small , tense body away from Cynthia 's embrace .
then she shuddered and cried out .
the tears came , and she wept her agony out on the other woman 's breast .
as the ill news spread , other Avonlea women kept dropping in all through the day to condole with Thyra .
Thyra looked up steadily .
Cynthia repeated the name as if disbelieving her own ears .
there was never any knowing what whim Thyra might take , but Cynthia had not expected this .
then she waited .
her curiosity would be the last thing to fail Cynthia White .
she half believed that Damaris would refuse to come .
but Damaris came .
Jeanette brought her in amid the fiery glow of a November sunset .
Thyra stood up , and for a moment they looked at each other .
the insolence of Damaris ' beauty was gone .
Thyra looked upon her with a shock of remorse .
this was not the radiant creature she had met on the bridge that summer afternoon .
she held out her arms .
Damaris came forward and threw her arms about the older woman , lifting her face .
as their lips met even Cynthia White realized that she had no business there .
she vented the irritation of her embarrassment on the innocent Jeanette .
when December had grown old Damaris was still with Thyra .
it was understood that she was to remain there for the winter , at least .
Thyra could not bear her to be out of her sight .
they talked constantly about Chester ; Thyra confessed all her anger and hatred .
Damaris had forgiven her ; but Thyra could never forgive herself .
she was greatly changed , and had grown very gentle and tender .
winter came late that year , and the season was a very open one .
a few minutes later Carl and Cynthia came hastily across their yard under the huge balm-of-gileads .
Carl 's face was flushed , and his big body quivered with excitement .
Cynthia ran behind him , with tears rolling down her face .
Thyra felt herself growing sick with fear .
had anything happened to Damaris ?
a glimpse of the girl , sewing by an upper window of the house , reassured her .
Thyra looked wildly from one to the other .
yes , it 's about Chester !
how did you hear ?
how did it happen ?
Mike McCready 's vessel , the Nora Lee , was just in from the Magdalens .
Carl and Cynthia looked at each other .
Thyra made a quick step in the direction of the gate .
then she turned , with a little of the glow dying out of her face .
she went into the house and called Damaris .
he is over at Carl White 's house .
THE EDUCATION OF BETTY
Jack was always a thoroughbred .
I was best man .
Sara again declined , alleging that her heart was buried in Jack 's grave , or words to that effect .
I had enough to occupy me in getting The Maples into working order , and beginning to educate Betty .
Betty was Sara 's ten year-old daughter , and she had been thoroughly spoiled .
for Jack 's sake I decided to bring his daughter up properly .
I might have been her father ; as it was , her father had been my best friend .
who had a better right to watch over his daughter ?
it was , self-evidently , my duty .
I told Sara I was going to take Betty in hand .
I rewarded her with a compliment .
she may have improved vastly by the time she has grown up .
but even the best material may be spoiled by unwise handling .
I think I can promise you that I will not spoil it .
well , that was something by way of reward for a life-long devotion .
I felt that I was satisfied with my position as unofficial advisor-in-chief to Sara and self-appointed guardian of Betty .
fortunately for the success of my enterprise , Betty liked me .
I thought it best to tell her plainly that I was going to look after her .
I assured her I would not .
I suppose she would have done it before this , only she knew I 'd run away .
I should never dream of cooping a wild little thing , like you , up in a boarding-school .
very few people are .
I hate dolls !
and she kept her word .
as I had premised , Betty was good material , and responded to my training with gratifying plasticity .
it was like beholding the gradual development of some rare flower in one 's garden .
Betty was kind enough to say that I had taught her everything she knew .
Sara was fairly well satisfied .
it was not my fault that Betty was not better looking , she said .
I had certainly done everything for her mind and character that could be done .
somehow , I did not like the suggestion .
men don't like women who are too clever .
I didn't believe Jack had ever said anything so foolish .
Sara imagined things .
but I resented the aspersion of blue-stockingness cast on Betty .
Just at present her head is a great deal better filled with books than with silly premature fancies and sentimentalities .
Sara sighed .
and I 'm really grateful to you .
I 'm sure I could have done nothing at all with her .
I galloped away from Glenby in a rage .
she would have driven me wild with her sighs and her obtuseness and her everlasting pink-and-whiteness .
was Betty really unlike other girls ?
eventually I concluded to do what I had never thought myself in the least likely to do .
I would send Betty to a boarding-school for a year .
it was necessary that she should learn how to live with other girls .
I found myself wishing that it could always remain so .
but Betty had acquired confidence in me to the beautiful extent of acquiescing in everything I commanded .
you must have a reason you always have a reason for anything you do .
when Betty went away I bade her good-by without burdening her with any useless words of advice .
Betty was standing on the steps above , among her dogs .
she came down a step and put her arms about my neck .
that was a lonely year .
my occupation was gone and I began to fear that I had outlived my usefulness .
life seemed flat , stale , and unprofitable .
Betty 's weekly letters were all that lent it any savor .
they were spicy and piquant enough .
Betty was discovered to have unsuspected talents in the epistolary line .
at first she was dolefully homesick , and begged me to let her come home .
but it was nearly the end of the year when she wrote :
I had to be away from home on unavoidable business the day Betty returned to Glenby .
but the next afternoon I went over .
the latter was beaming .
Betty was so much improved , she declared delightedly .
this alarmed me terribly .
Betty was a woman !
I was glad .
but I wanted the child Betty back ; this womanly Betty seemed far away from me .
I stepped out into the path and she saw me , with a brightening of her whole face .
we walked for an hour in the pine wood and talked .
I thought her perfect and yet my heart ached .
what a glorious young thing she was , in that splendid youth of hers !
no doubt we should soon be overrun at Glenby with lovers .
I should stumble over some forlorn youth at every step !
Betty would marry , of course .
I thought I preferred the old duty of superintending her studies .
I rode home very soberly .
the realization that I had grown older came home to me with a new and unpleasant force .
there were marked lines on my lean face , and silver glints in the dark hair over my temples .
Pshaw , what did it matter ?
my premonitions as to lovers proved correct .
Glenby was soon infested with them .
heaven knows where they all came from .
Sara was in the seventh heaven of delight .
one could guess what that meant .
Betty apparently enjoyed all this .
I grieve to say that she was a bit of a coquette .
men might come and men might go , but Betty went on forever .
she was not a safe person to have running at large .
none of the men who haunted Glenby was good enough for her .
yes , he should have Betty , confound him !
they had never met .
I set the wheels going at once .
I hated fuss and there was bound to be a good deal of it .
but I went about the business like an accomplished matchmaker .
women never like a paragon .
Betty heard me with more gravity than she usually accorded to my dissertations on young men .
she even condescended to ask several questions about him .
he would have been more than mortal if he had not fallen in love with her upon the spot .
then I pulled myself together and left them alone .
and was I not pleased at the success of my scheme ?
certainly I was !
next day Frank went to Glenby without even making the poor pretense of asking me to accompany him .
I spent the time of his absence overseeing the construction of a new greenhouse I was having built .
I was conscientious in my supervision ; but I felt no interest in it .
I had it now in my pocket-book .
Frank 's wooing seemed to prosper .
the other young sparks , who had haunted Glenby , faded away after his advent .
at the end of a month something went wrong .
Frank came home from Glenby one day in the dumps , and moped for two whole days .
I rode down myself on the third .
as usual , I found Betty in the pineland .
Betty barely glanced at them .
a man is in his prime at forty .
my heart beat .
Betty bit her lips .
don't tell me I have failed .
I 'll give you another chance .
I shook my head .
you mustn't torment Frank .
Betty had a wretched habit of emphasizing pronouns in a fashion calculated to rattle anybody .
as your guardian , I have an interest in seeing you well and wisely settled for life .
you won't prove rebellious now , I 'm sure .
you know quite well that I am advising you for your own good .
Frank is a splendid young fellow , who loves you with all his heart .
marry him , Betty .
but I wish and advise it .
every word I said seemed to tear my heart , and come from my lips stained with life-blood .
yes , Betty should marry Frank !
I couldn't help looking at her , for if I moved my eyes she moved too .
but her words were meek enough .
I will do exactly as you wish in this case also , I promise you that .
there must be no doubt in my mind or heart .
I said passionately .
you are dearer to me than life dearer to me than my own happiness .
she turned away and drooped her proud head .
I got up and went over to her .
I asked , also in a whisper .
Betty wheeled around on me and stamped her foot .
I don't care if you 're as old as Methuselah .
but I 'm not going to coax you to marry me , sir !
any man as stupid as you deserves to be unhappy .
then I found out and I thought that was why you had sent me .
but , when I came home , you almost broke my heart .
you just went on being FATHERLY .
but I had to have one more try for happiness first .
I had just one little hope to inspire me with sufficient boldness .
I saw you , that night , when you came back here and picked up my rose !
I asked .
it was rather hard lines on Frank , when you come to think of it .
IN HER SELFLESS MOOD
the air was moist and chill , but the sick woman would not have the window closed .
between its boughs she saw a crystal cup of sky over hills that were growing dim and purple .
the outside air was full of sweet , wholesome springtime sounds that drifted in fitfully .
there were voices and whistles in the barnyard , and now and then faint laughter .
a bird alighted for a moment on a cherry bough , and twittered restlessly .
the room was a small , plain one .
at the open window a boy of about ten years was leaning out over the sill and whistling .
he had a weak chin , and a full , sullen mouth .
between the paroxysms she kept up her keen interest in the life that went on about her .
nothing escaped her sharp , alert eyes and ears .
in the dim light her extremely long face looked corpse-like already .
those long , glistening , sinuous tresses must be combed and braided every day , no matter what came .
presently the sibilant silence was broken by a low , half-strangled sob .
the boy at the window stopped whistling , and the girl silently wiped her eyes on her faded gingham apron .
Naomi drew her own hair over her lips , and kissed it .
mind you see that it is fixed nice when I 'm laid out .
she went over to the bed , and straightened the clothes .
Naomi Holland looked up at her sister-in-law with something like malicious enjoyment .
I 'm going to die to-night .
she liked to see the alarm that came over the other woman 's face .
you can go and milk at your ease .
Mrs Holland shut her lips and went out of the room with a martyr-like expression .
Outside , at the steps , Sarah Spencer was waiting , with the milk pails over her arm .
Sarah Spencer had no fixed abiding place , but was always to be found where there was illness .
her experience , and an utter lack of nerves , made her a good nurse .
she was a tall , homely woman with iron gray hair and a lined face .
the house they had left behind grew very still .
in Naomi Holland 's room the shadows were gathering .
Eunice timidly bent over her mother .
I 'll see it set behind the hill .
I want you to keep still , too .
the girl lifted herself about noiselessly and locked her hands over the bed-post .
Naomi Holland did not notice her .
she was looking steadfastly at the great , pearl-like sparkle in the faint-hued sky .
but , when she spoke , her voice was quite calm .
put it up on the shelf here , where it won't shine in my eyes .
Eunice obeyed her noiselessly .
as the pallid light shot up , it revealed the child plainly .
she was thin and ill-formed one shoulder being slightly higher than the other .
Naomi Holland looked at her with the contempt she had never made any pretense of concealing .
Eunice nodded .
she 's out milking now , and I must make the most of the chance .
you knew it had to come sometime soon .
I haven't the strength to talk much , so I want you just to be quiet and listen .
it 's about Christopher .
it hasn't been out of my mind since I laid down here .
I 've fought for a year to live , on his account , and it ain't any use .
I must just die and leave him , and I don't know what he 'll do .
she paused , and struck her shrunken hand sharply against the table .
but he is only a little fellow , and Car'line hates him .
you 'll both have to live with her until you 're grown up .
he 's like his father in some ways ; he 's got a temper and he is stubborn .
he 'll never get on with Car'line .
but you 'll have to do your best .
in her excitement the sick woman raised herself up in the bed , and clutched the girl 's thin arm .
her eyes were blazing and two scarlet spots glowed in her thin cheeks .
Eunice 's face was white and tense .
she clasped her hands as one in prayer .
Naomi relaxed her grip on the girl 's arm and sank back exhausted on the pillow .
a death-like look came over her face as the excitement faded .
Eunice , don't you ever let her abuse my boy !
as for the property , things will be pretty straight .
I 've seen to that .
when Sarah went in , the sick room was very quiet .
Naomi was as cool and defiant as customary .
she made them bring Christopher in to say good-night and had him lifted up on the bed to kiss her .
the boy was uncomfortable under her gaze and squirmed hastily down .
when the door closed behind him , she groaned .
Sarah Spencer was startled .
she had never heard Naomi Holland groan since she had come to wait on her .
presently the house grew very still .
Caroline had dropped asleep on the sitting-room lounge , across the hall .
Sarah Spencer nodded over her knitting by the table in the sick room .
she had told Eunice to go to bed , but the child refused .
Naomi appeared to sleep .
the wavering light cast grotesque shadows of Sarah Spencer 's head on the wall .
at midnight Naomi Holland opened her eyes .
it was the faintest whisper .
the soul , passing over the threshold of another life , strained back to its only earthly tie .
a quiver passed over the long , pallid face .
a horrible scream rang through the silent house .
Sarah Spencer sprang out of her doze in consternation , and gazed blankly at the shrieking child .
Caroline came hurrying in with distended eyes .
on the bed Naomi Holland lay dead .
in the room where she had died Naomi Holland lay in her coffin .
through it all Eunice moved , calm and silent .
perhaps , as her mother had said , she had no time .
the boy 's grief was stormy and uncontrolled .
he had cried until he was utterly exhausted .
it was Eunice who soothed him , coaxed him to eat , kept him constantly by her .
at night she took him to her own room and watched over him while he slept .
when the funeral was over the household furniture was packed away or sold .
the house was locked up and the farm rented .
she had never liked Naomi .
few people did .
she was a stranger in Avonlea , a widow , with a three year-old child .
she made few friends , as some people always asserted that she was not in her right mind .
he was her only solace .
Naomi made no pretense of mourning for him .
it was an open secret that they had quarreled like the proverbial cat and dog .
Charles Holland and his wife had naturally sided with Benjamin , and Naomi fought her battles single-handed .
after her husband 's death , she managed to farm alone , and made it pay .
her will won for her an added year of life , and then she had to yield .
but Caroline Holland was not a bad or unkind woman .
Caroline thought she had done well by her sister-in-law .
Christopher did not want to go ; it was Eunice who reconciled him .
the boy was sullen and obstinate , but his sister had an unfailing influence over him .
in Charles Holland 's household no one was allowed to eat the bread of idleness .
his own children were all girls , and Christopher came in handy as a chore boy .
but Eunice helped him , and did half his work for him when nobody knew .
Electa Holland was Charles ' unmarried sister .
Electa had never forgiven her for it .
her hatred passed on to Naomi 's children .
in a hundred petty ways she revenged herself on them .
for herself , Eunice bore it patiently ; but it was a different matter when it touched Christopher .
once Electa boxed Christopher 's ears .
Eunice , who was knitting by the table , stood up .
but Electa never interfered with Christopher again .
all the discordant elements in the Holland household could not prevent the children from growing up .
his childish beauty had coarsened , but he was thought handsome by many .
there were few regrets on either side when they left Charles Holland 's roof .
in her secret heart Eunice felt an unspeakable relief .
he was getting into the habit of keeping late hours and doubtful company .
for four years after their return home Eunice had a hard and anxious life .
Christopher was idle and dissipated .
eventually her patience prevailed .
Christopher , to a great extent , reformed and worked harder .
when Eunice was twenty-eight , Edward Bell wanted to marry her .
she could not leave Christopher , she said simply , and in this she stood rock-firm .
Caroline could not budge her an inch .
the shaft went home .
Eunice 's lips turned white .
Caroline sniffed .
however , there 's no use talking .
when three more years had passed Christopher began to court Victoria Pye .
the affair went on for some time before either Eunice or the Hollands go wind of it .
when they did there was an explosion .
between the Hollands and the Pyes , root and branch , existed a feud that dated back for three generations .
when Christopher flew so openly in the face of this cherished hatred , there could be nothing less than consternation .
Charles Holland broke through his determination to have nothing to do with Christopher , to remonstrate .
for the first time in her life she was torn with passionate jealousy ; existence became a nightmare to her .
she had expected a burst of rage , but he was surprisingly good-natured .
he seemed even amused .
Eunice had no answer ready .
it was true that nothing could be said against the girl .
she felt helpless and baffled .
Christopher laughed at her silence .
this house is big enough for us all .
you 'd better look at the matter sensibly , Eunice .
don't let Charles and Caroline put nonsense into your head .
Christopher was out late that night .
it was a chilly spring evening , reminding her of the night her mother had died .
she did not want a light .
the moonlight fell in with faint illumination .
outside , the wind was blowing over a bed of new-sprung mint in the garden , and was suggestively fragrant .
it was a very old-fashioned garden , full of perennials Naomi Holland had planted long ago .
Eunice always kept it primly neat .
she had been working in it that day , and felt tired .
she had tried all that day to reconcile herself to Christopher 's marriage , and had partially succeeded .
she told herself that she could still watch over him and care for his comfort .
so , sitting there , she fed her hungry soul with these husks of comfort .
when she heard Christopher 's step she moved about quickly to get a light .
he frowned when he saw her ; he had always resented her sitting up for him .
he sat down by the stove and took off his boots , while Eunice got a lunch for him .
after he had eaten it in silence he made no move to go to bed .
a chill , premonitory fear crept over Eunice .
Eunice clasped her hands together under the table .
it was what she had been expecting .
she said so , in a monotonous voice .
Eunice tried to speak , but only an indistinct murmur came from her bloodless lips .
the sound made Christopher look up .
something in her face irritated him .
he pushed back his chair impatiently .
it won't be any use .
look at this business in a sensible way .
Eunice gasped , rather than spoke , the words .
Christopher drew his reddish brows together .
she 's afraid of you .
I told her you wouldn't interfere with her , but she wasn't satisfied .
it 's your own fault , Eunice .
there isn't any question of turning you out .
Eunice did not look as if she were going to make a fuss .
she sat as if turned to stone , her hands lying palm upward in her lap .
you 'd better have gone long ago .
when he had gone Eunice drew a long , sobbing breath and looked about her like a dazed soul .
all the sorrow of her life was as nothing to the desolation that assailed her now .
Eunice tottered to the bed and sat down on it .
was the power to keep it to be wrested from her ?
and would Christopher allow it , after all her sacrifices for him ?
Eunice put her hands over her dry , burning eyes and groaned aloud .
Caroline Holland had her hour of triumph over Eunice when she heard it all .
having said it , however , she offered Eunice a home .
Electa Holland was dead , and Eunice might fill her place very acceptably , if she would .
we will give you a home , if Christopher is going to turn you out .
this is the thanks you get for it turned out like a dog for his fine wife 's whim !
it was probably the first time Caroline had ever wished this .
she had flown at Christopher like a fury about the matter , and had been rudely insulted for her pains .
Christopher had told her to mind her own business .
when Caroline cooled down she made some arrangements with him , to all of which Eunice listlessly assented .
in Charles Holland 's household she took Electa 's place an unpaid upper servant .
Charles and Caroline were kind enough to her , and there was plenty to do .
the latter never betrayed any interest in them , save once .
then Eunice 's sallow face crimsoned , and her eyes flashed , over the desecration .
but no word of comment or complaint ever crossed her lips .
the marriage proved an unhappy one .
Christopher seldom came to Charles ' house .
possibly he felt ashamed .
one fall Victoria Holland went to town to visit her married sister .
she took their only child with her .
it was a fall long remembered in Avonlea .
Charles Holland brought the fateful news home one night .
this was alarming enough .
Charlottetown was not so very far away and considerable traffic went on between it and the north shore districts .
when Caroline recounted the concert story to Christopher the next morning his ruddy face turned quite pale .
it 'll likely spread .
it 's something new for him .
I believe I 'll run over after milking and see how he 's getting on .
Eunice shook her head .
after milking , Caroline threw a shawl over her head and ran across the field .
the house looked lonely and deserted .
Caroline fell back in blank astonishment .
was this some more of Victoria 's work ?
Christopher did not heed her .
he 's the smallpox doctor .
Caroline felt a thrill of dismay and fear .
she faltered a few steps backward .
that sailor sat right beside me .
I thought at the time he looked sick .
it was just twelve days ago .
I 've felt bad all day yesterday and to-day .
send for the doctor .
he went in and shut the door .
Caroline stood for a few moments in an almost ludicrous panic .
then she turned and ran , as if for her life , across the field .
Eunice saw her coming and met her at the door .
Eunice tottered back against the door .
her hand went up to her side in a way that had been getting very common with her of late .
even in the midst of her excitement Caroline noticed it .
it 's a dreadful thing .
Eunice hardly heard her .
her mind was centered upon one idea .
it did not matter what his disease was .
have you gone clean out of your senses ?
if he 's got it he 'll have to be taken to the smallpox hospital in town .
Eunice faced her excited aunt quietly .
the odd resemblance to her mother , which only came out in moments of great tension , was plainly visible .
you needn't try to stop me .
Caroline fell helplessly into a chair .
she felt that it would be of no use to argue with a woman so determined .
she wished Charles was there .
but Charles had already gone , post-haste , for the doctor .
with a firm step , Eunice went across the field foot-path she had not trodden for so long .
Christopher needed her once more ; the interloper who had come between them was not there .
as she walked through the frosty twilight she thought of the promise made to Naomi Holland , years ago .
Christopher saw her coming and waved her back .
didn't Caroline tell you ?
Eunice did not pause .
she went boldly through the yard and up the porch steps .
he retreated before her and held the door .
Eunice pushed open the door resolutely and went in .
just now , when a person has a finger-ache , he thinks it 's smallpox .
you 'll catch cold .
Christopher had sunk into a chair .
his natural selfishness reasserted itself , and he made no further effort to dissuade Eunice .
she got a lamp and set it on the table by him , while she scrutinized his face closely .
what do you feel like ?
I have chills and hot spells and pains in my back .
Eunice , do you think it 's really smallpox ?
Eunice felt a wave of love and tenderness sweep warmly over her starved heart .
Charles has gone for the doctor , and we 'll know when he comes .
she took off her hat and shawl , and hung them up .
she felt as much at home as if she had never been away .
she had got back to her kingdom , and there was none to dispute it with her .
the house was in order and reeking of disinfectants .
Victoria 's fine furniture and fixings were being bundled out of the parlor .
the doctor looked grave .
if it is smallpox the eruption will probably be out by morning .
I must admit he has most of the symptoms .
but Eunice could not do that .
there was too much to attend to .
she went out to the hall and threw up the window .
down below , at a safe distance , Charles Holland was waiting .
the cold wind blew up to Eunice the odor of the disinfectants with which he had steeped himself .
she 'll stay with her sister till it is over .
of course it 's the best thing for her to do .
Eunice 's lip curled contemptuously .
the doctor pronounced the case smallpox .
by noon the fateful yellow flag was flying over the house , and all arrangements had been made .
it was a hard fight , indeed .
but Eunice never faltered ; she never left her post .
sometimes she dozed in a chair by the bed , but she never lay down .
one day the doctor looked very grave .
he had never seen such devotion as hers .
but Eunice had seen it for herself .
she took it very calmly , the doctor thought .
she thought it amply sufficient .
they were alone in the old house .
it was raining outside , and the drops rattled noisily on the panes .
Christopher smiled at his sister with parched lips , and put out a feeble hand toward her .
I haven't treated you right ; but you 've stood by me to the last .
his voice died away into an inarticulate murmur .
Eunice Carr was alone with her dead .
they buried Christopher Holland in haste and privacy the next day .
he told her she was the best nurse he had ever seen .
she wondered how she could live through the dreary , coming years .
Late that night she went into the room where her mother and brother had died .
she knelt down by the stripped bed .
old Giles Blewett found her there in the morning .
there was a smile on her face .
THE CONSCIENCE CASE OF DAVID BELL
Bob 's milking .
Mollie Bell nodded .
father has always been a good man .
and everybody is talking , Eb .
it just makes me squirm .
she said the minister was perplexed about it .
and mother is fretting her heart out over it .
father has never acted like himself since these meetings began .
he 'd be too shy .
Miriam Bell entered the kitchen .
she was ready for the meeting , to which Major Spencer was to take her .
the evangelist thought her very spiritual .
she heard Mollie 's concluding sentence and spoke reprovingly .
Eben had hastily slipped out .
he was afraid Miriam would begin talking religion to him if he stayed .
he had with difficulty escaped from an exhortation by Robert in the cow-stable .
there was no peace in Avonlea for the unregenerate , he reflected .
Eben had been brought up with a strict reverence for all religious matters .
on the surface he might sometimes laugh at them , but the deeps troubled him whenever he did so .
Mollie crimsoned and turned her face away uncomfortably .
the snow creaked and crisped under the runners .
a shrill wind was keening in the leafless dogwoods .
Eben flicked his mare with his whip , and she broke into a trot .
I do hope that the evangelist won't come and talk to me special to-night .
back in the kitchen at home Mrs Bell was waiting for her husband to bring the horse to the door .
she was a slight , dark-eyed little woman , with thin , vivid-red cheeks .
Mrs Bell saw it and then reproached herself for the sacrilege .
if he would only tell me what the trouble is , maybe I could help him .
he has always lived a just , upright life .
his solicitude hurt her .
it was all for her material comfort .
it did not matter to him what mental agony she might suffer over his strange attitude .
for the first time in their married life Mary Bell felt resentment against her husband .
David Bell never spoke .
all his usual cheerful talkativeness had disappeared since the revival meetings had begun in Avonlea .
her reflections were bitter and rebellious as they sped along through the glittering night of the winter 's prime .
I 'd understand .
revival meetings had never been held in Avonlea before .
he was a stern , deeply religious Scotchman , with a horror of the emotional form of religion .
Avonlea was a good field for an evangelist .
Avonlea was a quiet place , and the revival meetings were lively .
Mrs Bell unwound the scarf from her bonnet and shook the frost crystals from it .
in the porch Flora Jane Fletcher and her sister , Mrs Harmon Andrews , were talking in low whispers .
Mrs Bell winced .
Flora Jane lifted her chin .
it looks as if he didn't think himself a Christian , you know .
Mrs Bell turned on her tormentor in swift anger .
the use of his name was an effective thrust on Mrs Bell 's part , and silenced Flora Jane .
when her husband came up to the platform she put her hand on his snowy arm appealingly .
David Bell hung his head like a shamed schoolboy .
you 're keeping her back from salvation .
David Bell groaned .
this sign of suffering wrung his wife 's heart .
with quick contrition she whispered ,
you know your duty best .
his voice was imploring .
Mollie 's just a foolish young girl yet .
the building was warm and crowded .
the pastor was reading the Bible lesson for the evening .
his own wind-ruddy face and bushy gray eyebrows worked convulsively with his inward throes .
when several more hymns had been sung , and late arrivals began to pack the aisles , the evangelist arose .
many of the women began to cry softly .
fervent amens broke from some of the members .
David Bell looked almost imploringly at Mollie ; but she kept her seat , with downcast eyes .
then testimonies were called for .
many testimonies followed , each infused with the personality of the giver .
most of them were brief and stereotyped .
finally a pause ensued .
the evangelist swept the pews with his kindling eyes and exclaimed , appealingly ,
Mrs Bell cowered visibly .
although everybody looked thus at David Bell , nobody now expected him to testify .
to David Bell it seemed to possess the awe of final judgment .
twice he opened his lips , and tried vainly to speak .
the third time he succeeded ; but his voice sounded strangely in his own ears .
it 's been lying hard and heavy on my conscience ever since these meetings begun .
many of you have expected me to do it .
maybe I 've been a stumbling block to some of you .
then Satan entered into me and possessed me .
she never knowed the difference , and sent it away with the rest .
but I knew I 'd done a mean and sinful thing .
I couldn't drive it out of my thoughts .
that was a lie .
but it wasn't .
I 've never known a minute 's peace of mind or conscience since .
when these meetings begun , and everybody expected me to testify , I couldn't do it .
it would have seemed like blasphemy .
and I couldn't endure the thought of telling what I 'd done , either .
the broken tones ceased , and David Bell sat down , wiping the great drops of perspiration from his brow .
over the church was a solemn hush .
before the last prayer the pastor paused and looked around .
for a moment nobody moved .
ONLY A COMMON FELLOW
but she smiled brave-like , when I sat down on her bed and took her hand .
I had to say it .
I never could hide the thought of that marriage , and I couldn't pretend to .
it was all her stepmother 's doings right well I knew that .
but she put her hand on my mouth .
after to-day I can never talk of him , or even think of him .
it 's four years since he went away .
and I did .
when I thought of Mark Foster 's sallow skin and lank jaws I felt sick-like .
I wish we hadn't parted in anger .
but it would have been all right if he had lived to come back .
I know it would have been all right .
I know he didn't carry any bitterness against me to his death .
the only thing she didn't bring up was the time he thrashed Mark Foster for bringing her apples .
when she had talked it all out she lay down on her pillow again .
I got up and went downstairs to light the fire .
I felt terrible old and tired .
she was one of your sly , deep women , always smiling smooth , and scheming underneath it .
I liked her better when she was spiteful than when she was smooth .
I didn't feel so scared of her then .
she was no fussy bride , caring much what she looked like .
if Owen had been the bridegroom it would have been different .
still , nothing could prevent her from looking lovely when she was dressed .
in her white dress and veil she was as fair as a queen .
and she was as good as she was pretty .
then she sent me out .
and then he pulled me into the parlor and shut the door .
I couldn't believe it , but I came here as fast as horse-flesh could bring me .
aunt Rachel , it can't be true !
every beat of her heart is for you .
it 's all her stepma's doings .
Phillippa is sacrificing herself to save her stepma for her dead father 's sake .
why didn't you come home when you were alive ?
that woman would stick at nothing .
never shall I forget the look on Isabella 's face .
I almost felt sorry for her .
nobody 'd ever have picked him out for a bridegroom .
Owen spoke first .
Isabella gave me a venomous look .
it was Mark Foster who spoke .
he hadn't said a word ; but he came forward now , and stood before Owen .
such a difference as there was between them !
Mark Foster turned to me .
when I went in she came to meet me , like a girl going to meet death .
I just held out my hand to her , and led her downstairs .
she clung to me and her hands were as cold as snow .
when I opened the parlor door I stood back , and pushed her in before me .
behind it was Isabella 's , all pinched and gray .
he says he has never forgotten you , and that he wrote to you several times .
I have told him that you have promised me , but I leave you freedom of choice .
the color came back to Isabella Clark 's face ; but Mark 's did not change .
she said no word , but just looked at him for a moment .
we all saw the look ; her whole soul , full of love for Owen , showed out in it .
then she turned and stood by Mark .
Owen never said a word .
he went as white as death , and started for the door .
but again Mark Foster put himself in the way .
and I choose to marry no woman whose love belongs to another living man .
but I love you too well to make you miserable .
he took a paper from his pocket , and dropped it in the grate .
that is all you care about , I think .
he went out .
Phillippa was crying , with her head on Owen 's shoulder .
Mark behaved splendidly , didn't he ?
for once in my life I agreed with Isabella .
but I felt like having a good cry over it all and I had it .
TANNIS OF THE FLATS
few people in Avonlea could understand why Elinor Blair had never married .
not that Carey was a profane man , even as men go in the West .
he was an English gentleman , and he kept both his life and his vocabulary pretty clean .
days and even weeks would pass without a single one being clicked to the Flats .
he blamed the latter for his transfer to the Flats .
Carey had a habit of becoming a pet with women .
but it was a different matter with Tannis Dumont .
when he saw Tannis Dumont he thought he would hang on awhile longer , anyway .
old Auguste was black and ugly and notoriously bad-tempered .
but Tannis was a beauty .
the son of this union became in due time the father of Auguste Dumont .
Auguste married a woman whose mother was a French half-breed and whose father was a pure-bred Highland Scotchman .
old Auguste was mightily proud of Tannis .
Carey saw only the beauty and the veneer .
but she understood absolutely nothing of flirtation .
you can never get an Indian to see the sense of Platonics .
Carey found the Flats quite tolerable after the homecoming of Tannis .
when music and conversation palled , they went for long gallops over the prairies together .
she was glorious on horseback .
Tannis liked poetry ; she had studied it at school , and understood it fairly well .
Carey laughed .
he liked to evoke those little speeches of hers .
if you had told Carey that he was playing with fire he would have laughed at you .
why , he had never attempted any love-making with her !
he did not know enough of the racial characteristics to understand .
all the half-breeds and quarter-breeds and any-fractional breeds there believed that he meant to marry Tannis .
there would have been nothing surprising to them in that .
Young Paul Dumont worshipped Carey , and the half-Scotch mother , who might have understood , was dead .
one of these was the little priest , Father Gabriel .
father Gabriel wished fervently that Jerome Carey might soon be transferred elsewhere .
he was on the wrong side of politics .
there is no worse enemy in all the world than a half-breed .
your true Indian is bad enough , but his diluted descendant is ten times worse .
if Elinor Blair had never gone to Prince Albert there is no knowing what might have happened , after all .
but Elinor did go to Prince Albert , and her going ended all things for Tannis of the Flats .
during the next three weeks he went to town nine times and called at the Dumonts ' only once .
there were no more rides and walks with Tannis .
this was not intentional neglect on his part .
he had simply forgotten all about her .
the breeds surmised a lover 's quarrel , but Tannis understood .
there was another woman back there in town .
through one of them she could see Carey and Elinor .
the half-breed girl crouched down in the shadow and glared at her rival .
it was well to know so much , at least .
Carey flushed like any girl .
her tone and look made him feel very uncomfortable .
but he felt indescribably foolish .
the words sound flat enough on paper .
Tannis had justified her criticism of poetry .
they made Carey feel like a scoundrel .
that is so is it not ?
oh , it is very well .
but I will not forget my father and brother will not forget .
she turned , and stalked away to her canoe .
he waited under the pines until she crossed the river ; then he , too , went miserably home .
what a mess he had contrived to make of things !
the racial marks always come out plainly under the stress of emotion , as Tom noted later .
her threat did not disturb him .
it was the thought of the suffering he had brought upon Tannis that worried him .
the Dumonts , however , did not trouble him .
after some reflection she concluded to hold her tongue .
old Auguste shrugged his shoulders resignedly .
it was just as well , maybe .
those English sons-in-law sometimes gave themselves too many airs .
it was a bad night .
the wires were down between the Flats and Prince Albert and all communication with the outside world was cut off .
suddenly , above the plash of rain and whistle of wind , he heard outcries in the street .
running to the door he was met by Mrs Joe Esquint , who grasped him breathlessly .
Carey , with a smothered oath , rushed across the street .
Carey was relieved to find it was only an affair of fists .
he could not writhe free from Carey 's iron grip .
Lazarre , with a snarl like a wolf , sent Mrs Joe spinning , and rushed at Paul .
it went over with a crash and the light went out !
Mrs Joe 's shrieks might have brought the roof down .
in the confusion that ensued , two pistol shots rang out sharply .
Marie Esquint was a woman of nerve .
she told Mrs Joe to shut up , and she turned Carey over .
he was conscious , but seemed dazed and could not help himself .
Marie soon returned with the doctor , old Auguste , and Tannis .
Carey was carried in and laid on Mrs Esquint 's bed .
then he shook his head .
Mrs Joe gave a louder howl than ever at this , and Tannis came and stood by the bed .
Carey looked stupidly at Tannis .
Tannis smiled cruelly .
Carey groaned and shut his eyes .
if Father Gabriel was away , there was indeed no one to go .
he must die without seeing Elinor .
Tannis looked inscrutably down on the pale face on Mrs Joe Esquint 's dirty pillows .
her immobile features gave no sign of the conflict raging within her .
instead , she slipped out and hurried down the stormy street to old Auguste 's stable .
I hold that no woman ever did anything more unselfish than this deed of Tannis !
in a white woman the deed would have been merely commendable .
in Tannis of the Flats , with her ancestry and tradition , it was lofty self-sacrifice .
Elinor was regaling Tom and his wife with Avonlea gossip when the maid came to the door .
Elinor went out wonderingly , followed by Tom .
she looked wild enough .
Elinor gave a little cry , and steadied herself on Tom 's shoulder .
Tom said he knew he made some exclamation of horror .
he had never approved of Carey 's attentions to Elinor , but such news was enough to shock anybody .
the good , old Island blood in Elinor 's veins showed to some purpose .
ten minutes later three riders galloped down the bluff road and took the river trail .
Tom rode , cursing softly under his breath .
he heartily wished Elinor had never left Avonlea .
it was past twelve when they reached the Flats .
Tannis was the only one who seemed to be able to think coherently .
the doctor was sitting by the bedside and Mrs Joe was curled up in a corner , sniffling to herself .
the doctor , understanding , left at once .
Tannis sat down on the floor outside of the door and wrapped herself up in a shawl Marie Esquint had dropped .
she watched there until dawn came whitely up over the prairies and Jerome Carey died .
she knew when it happened by Elinor 's cry .
Tannis sprang up and rushed in .
the girl took Carey 's hand in hers , and turned to the weeping Elinor with a cold dignity .
CHAPTER I : Peter Rabbit Meets Lightfoot
I know what it is to have to watch out for them .
but even when he did hunt me it wasn't anything like what the Ducks have to go through .
I never had to worry about my meals .
but with the Ducks it is a thousand times worse .
that isn't hunting .
Peter grinned .
Lightfoot listened and his great soft eyes were filled with pity for the Quack family .
men are strange creatures .
I do not understand them at all .
none of the people of the Green Forest would think of doing such terrible things .
and yet that is what men seem to do it for .
sometimes I think I 'll hunt one some day just to teach him a lesson .
with a single swift bound Lightfoot sprang out in front of Peter .
his eyes , which Peter had always thought so soft and gentle , seemed to flash fire .
Lightfoot chuckled .
it looks like bits of old fur .
Peter 's eyes were wide with wonder and suspicion .
CHAPTER II : Lightfoot 's New Antlers
Peter Rabbit was puzzled .
Lightfoot slowly shook his head .
Lightfoot chuckled .
I think they are the finest antlers I 've ever had .
Lightfoot rubbed his antlers against the trunk of a tree till some of the rags hanging to them dropped off .
Peter blinked very hard .
he was trying to understand and he couldn't .
finally he said so .
how can anything hard like those antlers grow ?
and if those are new ones , where are the old ones ?
show me the old ones , and perhaps I 'll believe that these are new ones .
I have a new pair every year .
I don't like to be seen without them or with halfgrown ones .
Peter watched in silence for a few minutes .
then , all his suspicions returning , he said :
CHAPTER III : Lightfoot Tells How His Antlers Grew
it is hard to believe what seems impossible .
if he had seen those antlers growing , it would have been another matter .
Unseen and unheard , he had stolen up and had overheard what Peter and Lightfoot had said .
they were covered with a sort of skin with hairs on it like thin fur .
the ends were not sharply pointed they now are , but were big and rounded , like knobs .
they were not like antlers at all , and they made my head hot and were very uncomfortable .
that is why I hid away .
it seemed to me sometimes as if all my strength went into those new antlers .
and I had to be very careful not to hit them against anything .
the knobs on the ends shrank until they became pointed .
the little rags you see are what is left , but I will soon be rid of those .
Lightfoot tossed his head proudly and rattled his wonderful antlers against the nearest tree .
CHAPTER IV : the Spirit Of Fear
when the days grow cold and the nights are clear , There stalks abroad the spirit of fear .
it is sad but true .
Autumn is often called the sad time of the year , and it is the sad time .
but it shouldn't be .
she meant it to be the GLAD time .
it will not let them sleep .
it will not let them eat in peace .
it drives them to seek new hiding-places and then drives them out of those .
it keeps them ever ready to fly or run at the slightest sound .
the Purple Hills were more softly purple than at any other season of the year .
but the fear that chilled his heart now never left him even for a moment .
Peter jumped and shivered .
it was the season of hunters with terrible guns .
I don't understand them at all .
they haven't any hearts .
CHAPTER V : Sammy Jay Brings Lightfoot Word
Sammy needs no alarm clock to get up early in the morning .
his stomach wouldn't let him if he wanted to .
Sammy always wakes up hungry .
in this he is no different from all his feathered neighbors .
instead , he flew over to the dooryard of another farm .
Sammy stopped on the top of the nearest tree .
then he caught sight of something under the man 's arm .
he didn't have to look twice to know what it was .
it was a gun !
yes , sir , it was a gun , a terrible gun .
so Sammy sat in the top of the tree and watched the hunter with the terrible gun .
he saw him head straight for the Green Forest .
Sammy watched the hunter enter the Green Forest , then he silently followed him .
he certainly ought to be warned .
I know right where he is .
CHAPTER VI : a Game Of Hide And Seek
it was a very dreadful game for Danny .
he is so small that he can hide under two or three leaves .
wherever he is , he is pretty sure to find a hiding-place of some sort .
it certainly does .
but Lightfoot the Deer is big .
he is one of the largest of the people who live in the Green Forest .
being so big , it is not easy to hide .
moreover , a hunter with a terrible gun does not have to get close in order to kill .
he had learned many lessons in the hunting season of the year before and he remembered every one of them .
he knew that to forget even one of them might cost him his life .
so , standing motionless behind a tangle of fallen trees , Lightfoot listened and watched .
a little sigh of relief escaped Lightfoot .
he knew that that screaming of Sammy Jay 's was a warning to tell him where the hunter was .
knowing just where the hunter was made it easier for Lightfoot to know what to do .
a Merry Little Breeze came stealing through the Green Forest .
it came from behind Lightfoot and danced on towards the hunter with the terrible gun .
instantly Lightfoot began to steal softly away through the Green Forest .
he took the greatest care to make no sound .
can you guess what Lightfoot was trying to do ?
CHAPTER VII : the Merry Little Breezes Help Lightfoot
he was following the hunter , so as to keep track of him .
as long as he knew just where the hunter was , he felt reasonably safe .
the Merry Little Breezes are Lightfoot 's best friends .
he knows that they will bring to him warning of any danger which may lie in that direction .
CHAPTER VIII : Wit Against Wit
but the hunter in his turn knew much of the ways of Deer .
so it was that each was trying his best to outguess the other .
these things told the hunter which way Lightfoot had gone .
slowly , patiently , watchfully , the hunter followed .
after a while he stopped with a satisfied grin .
but there was no sound and after a little Lightfoot began to move on .
CHAPTER IX : Lightfoot Becomes Uncertain
Lightfoot uses his nose very much as you and I use our eyes .
it tells him the things he wants to know .
it was the scent of Buster Bear .
you know the Merry Little Breezes are Lightfoot 's best friends .
but Lightfoot didn't want to keep going in that direction all day .
so after a while Lightfoot became uncertain .
he didn't know just what to do .
you see , he couldn't tell whether or not that hunter with the terrible gun was still following him .
CHAPTER X : Lightfoot 's Clever Trick
Lightfoot the Deer is smart .
yes , Sir , Lightfoot the Deer is smart .
he has to be , especially in the hunting season , to save his life .
if he were not smart he would have been killed long ago .
he never makes the foolish mistake of thinking that other people are not smart .
he had a very great respect for the smartness of that hunter .
he knew that he couldn't afford to be careless for one little minute .
in that case he could rest and stop worrying .
it would be better to know that he was being followed than not to know .
but how was he to find out ?
then an idea came to him .
this was near the top of a little hill .
Lightfoot went up the hill and stopped behind the pile of brush .
for a few moments he stood there perfectly still , looking and listening .
if the hunter were still following him , he would pass through that hollow in plain sight .
for a long tune Lightfoot rested comfortably behind the pile of brush .
Little by little Lightfoot grew easy in his mind .
it must be that that hunter had become discouraged and was no longer following him .
CHAPTER XI : the Hunted Watches The Hunter
it didn't seem possible that there could be any need for watchfulness .
he kept his great ears gently moving to catch every little sound .
it was better to be overwatchful than the least bit careless .
it was so faint a sound that you or I would have missed it altogether .
it was the hunter and across one arm he carried the terrible gun .
Lightfoot kept perfectly still and watched the hunter disappear among the trees .
he felt sure that that hunter would not find him again that day .
CHAPTER XII : Lightfoot Visits Paddy The Beaver
he made it by building a dam across the Laughing Brook .
so Lightfoot bounded along deeper and deeper into the Green Forest .
presently through the trees he caught the gleam of water .
Lightfoot approached it cautiously .
now Lightfoot had known of hunters hiding near water , hoping to shoot him when he came to drink .
but hunters had done it before and they might do it again .
so Lightfoot was careful to approach Paddy 's pond upwind .
then he guessed what it meant .
that crash was the falling of a tree .
so Lightfoot hurried forward eagerly , cautiously .
CHAPTER XIII : Lightfoot And Paddy Become Partners
Paddy saw Lightfoot almost as soon as he stepped out on the bank .
there he forced the branch down until it was held by other branches already sunken in the pond .
no , Sir , I can't .
the hunters started looking for me before Mr Sun was really out of bed .
at least one hunter did , and I don't doubt there are others .
Paddy crept out on the bank and chewed a little twig of poplar thoughtfully .
Paddy says he can always think better if he is chewing something .
I 'm sorry to hear it .
Paddy shook his Lead .
you stay right around my pond .
if I see or hear or smell anything suspicious , I 'll warn you .
you do the same for me .
two sets of eyes , ears and noses are better than one .
it was a queer partnership , that partnership between Lightfoot and Paddy , but it was a good partnership .
they had been the best of friends for a long time .
Paddy had always been glad to have Lightfoot visit his pond .
to tell the truth , he was rather fond of handsome Lightfoot .
on land he is a rather clumsy-looking fellow and really homely .
so he admired Lightfoot greatly .
that is one reason why he proposed that they be partners .
Lightfoot himself thought the idea a splendid one .
with the coming of daylight he lay down in a thicket of young hemlock-trees near the upper end of the pond .
it was a quiet , peaceful day .
so , though he rested and took short naps all through that beautiful day , he was anxious .
he couldn't help but be .
the next morning found Lightfoot back in the same place .
but this morning he took no naps .
he rested , but all the time he was watchful and alert .
a feeling of uneasiness possessed him .
but the hours slipped away , and little by little he grew less uneasy .
he began to hope that that day would prove as peaceful as the previous day had been .
it was almost like a pistol shot .
however , it wasn't a pistol shot .
it wasn't a shot at all .
instantly Lightfoot was on his feet .
he knew just what that meant .
he knew that Paddy had seen or heard or smelled a hunter .
it was even so .
Paddy had heard a dry stick snap .
instantly Paddy had brought his broad tail down on the water with all his force .
he knew that Lightfoot would know that that meant danger .
CHAPTER XV : the Three Watchers
he was on his feet instantly , with eyes , ears and nose seeking the cause of Paddy 's warning .
there he hid among some close-growing young hemlock-trees .
now the hunter had heard Paddy slap the water with his broad tail .
I 'll just look the land over , and then I think I 'll wait here awhile .
he may not be so badly scared , after all .
so the hunter found an old log behind some small trees and there sat down .
he sat perfectly still .
so the hunter watched for Lightfoot , and Lightfoot and Paddy watched the hunter .
that hunter was a man of patience .
also he was a man who understood the little people of the Green Forest and the Green Meadows .
he knew that if he would not be seen he must not move .
so he didn't move .
he kept as motionless as if he were a part of the very log on which he was sitting .
for some time there was no sign of any living thing .
for a few moments they sat on the water , a picture of watchful suspicion .
they were looking and listening to make sure that no danger was near .
satisfied at last , they began to clean their feathers .
it was plain that they felt safe .
an instant later Bobby Coon appeared .
it was clear that Bobby was quite unsuspicious .
he carried something , but just what the hunter could not make out .
you know Bobby Coon is very particular about his food .
whenever there is water near , Bobby washes his food before eating .
he saw and he understood .
still the hunter sat without moving .
Bobby Coon finished his meal , crossed the dam and disappeared in the Green Forest .
he had gone off to take a nap somewhere .
time slipped away .
the hunter continued to watch patiently for Lightfoot , and Lightfoot and Paddy the Beaver watched the hunter .
it was Reddy Fox .
CHAPTER XVII : Sammy Jay Arrives
so did Lightfoot .
but no one else did .
he approached in that cautious , careful way that he always uses when he is hunting .
he stopped with one foot lifted in the act of taking a step .
now you know there is nothing Reddy Fox likes better for a dinner than a Duck .
then like a red flash he bounded out of sight behind the dam of Paddy the Beaver .
the latter were slowly moving along in that direction as they fed .
Reddy was quick to see this .
the hunter was tempted to get up and frighten those Ducks .
he didn't want Reddy Fox to have them , because he hoped some day to get them himself .
I believe I 'll spoil that red scamp 's plans by frightening them away .
but the hunter did nothing of the kind .
it didn't take him a second to discover what Reddy was hiding there for .
there is nothing Sammy Jay delights in more than in upsetting the plans of Reddy Fox .
they knew exactly what that warning meant .
Reddy Fox looked up at Sammy Jay and snarled angrily .
CHAPTER XVIII : the Hunter Loses His Temper
that is to say , he laughed without making any sound .
to tell the truth , he was very much pleased .
as you know , he wanted those Ducks himself .
it would have been a shame to have had one of them caught by that Fox .
Reddy was hunting them because he was hungry .
the hunter would have shot them for sport .
he didn't need them .
he had plenty of other food .
Reddy Fox doesn't kill just for the pleasure of killing .
so the hunter continued to sit in his hiding-place with very friendly feelings for Sammy Jay .
Sammy watched Reddy Fox disappear and then flew over to that side of the pond where the hunter was .
it didn't move , but nevertheless Sammy was suspicious .
presently he flew over to a tree where he could see better .
right away he spied the terrible gun , and he knew just what that was .
it was then that the hunter lost his temper .
CHAPTER XIX : Sammy Jay Is Modest
every one within hearing could tell just where that hunter was by Sammy 's voice .
Paddy the Beaver swam out from his hiding-place and climbed out on the bank near Lightfoot .
Lightfoot lifted his beautiful head and set his ears forward to catch the sound of Sammy 's voice in the distance .
he brought me warning of the coming of the hunter the other morning .
I suppose Sammy Jay has saved more lives than any one I know of .
some time later Sammy Jay did come back .
I 'm glad to see he hasn't got you yet , Lightfoot .
by the way , Lightfoot , the Green Forest is full of hunters looking for you .
CHAPTER XX : Lightfoot Hears A Dreadful Sound
he saw them many times , though not one of them saw him .
but poor Lightfoot was feeling the strain .
it was getting so that Lightfoot half expected a hunter to step out from behind every tree .
and those hours of safety were filled with dread of what the next day might bring .
it was the baying of hounds following a trail .
at first it did not sound so terrible .
Lightfoot had often heard it before .
it had not sounded so terrible then because it meant no danger to Lightfoot .
in a few minutes there was no longer any doubt in his mind .
those hounds were following his trail .
it was then that the sound of that baying became terrible .
he must run for his life !
those hounds would give him no rest .
he would no longer be able to hide in thickets .
at any time he might be driven right past one of those hunters .
Lightfoot stopped to get his breath and stood trembling as he listened .
the baying of the hounds again grew louder and louder .
in a panic of fear , Lightfoot bounded away again .
as he crossed an old road , the Green Forest rang with the roar of a terrible gun .
it was a bullet and it had just missed Lightfoot .
it added to his terror and this in turn added to his speed .
it seemed to him that there were no such things as justice and fair play .
he could not know that it was against the law to hunt him with dogs .
the ground was damp and scent always lies best on damp ground .
this made it easy for the hounds to follow him with their wonderful noses .
Lightfoot tried every trick he could think of to make those hounds lose the scent .
but he couldn't .
they allowed him no rest .
there would come a time when he would have to stop .
then those hounds would catch up with him and tear him to pieces .
it was then that he remembered the Big River .
he turned towards it .
it was his only chance and he knew it .
for just a second he paused to look behind .
the hounds were almost at his heels .
Lightfoot hesitated no longer but plunged into the Big River and began to swim .
CHAPTER XXII : Lightfoot 's Long Swim
the Big River was very wide .
he enjoys swimming .
but now Lightfoot was terribly tired from his long run ahead of the hounds .
then he turned and headed for a point down the Big River .
even then he could feel his strength leaving him .
had he escaped those hounds and the terrible hunters only to be drowned in the Big River ?
but it did not last long .
then , all four feet touched .
a second later he had found solid footing and was standing with the water only up to his knees .
he had found a little sand bar out in the Big River .
so for a long time he remained right where he was .
CHAPTER XXIII : Lightfoot Finds A Friend
those two specks were the hounds who had driven him into the Big River .
they were barking now , instead of baying .
presently a brown form joined the black-and-white specks .
it was a hunter drawn there by the barking of the dogs .
he was too far away to be dangerous , but the mere sight of him filled Lightfoot with terror again .
he watched the hunter walk along the bank and disappear in the bushes .
he headed straight towards Lightfoot , and then Lightfoot knew that his brief rest was at an end .
so Lightfoot again struck out for the shore .
what new dangers might be waiting there , he did not know .
he had never been on that side of the Big River .
he knew nothing of the country on that side .
but the uncertainty was better than the certainty behind him .
right in front of him stood a man .
he had come out into the back yard of the home of that man .
right then and there Lightfoot gave up in despair .
he couldn't run .
it was all he could do to walk .
not a spark of hope remained to Lightfoot .
then a surprising thing happened .
the man spoke softly .
Lightfoot walked on a few steps , and the man followed , still talking softly .
without understanding just how , Lightfoot knew that he had found a friend .
CHAPTER XXIV : the Hunter Is Disappointed
he just knew it , that was all .
but he didn't have to understand words to know that he had found a friend .
Lightfoot 's friend was waiting just at the top of the bank .
of course the hunter saw him at once .
the hunter looked surprised , and then his surprise gave way to anger .
Lightfoot 's friend shook his head .
you are not hunting for the pleasure of hunting but just to kill .
you don't know the meaning of justice or fairness .
now get off my land .
get back into your boat and off my land as quick as you can .
that Deer is not very far from here and so tired that he cannot move .
CHAPTER XXV : the Hunter Lies In Wait
he 'll start for the nearest woods .
I 'll go up there and wait for him .
I 'll get that Deer if only to spite that fellow back there who drove me off .
he was too tired to have gone far .
he 's got the handsomest pair of antlers I 've seen for years .
so the hunter tied his boat to a tree and once more climbed out .
he climbed up the bank and studied the land .
he grinned .
so the hunter took his terrible gun and tramped across the meadow to the brush-grown pasture .
there he hid among the bushes where he could peep out and watch the land of Lightfoot 's friend .
he was still angry because he had been prevented from shooting Lightfoot .
so he made himself comfortable and prepared to wait the rest of the day , if necessary .
he did not go too near Lightfoot , for he did not want to alarm him .
Lightfoot , watching him , understood .
he knew that this man was a friend and would do him no harm .
Little by little , the wonderful , blessed feeling of safety crept over Lightfoot .
no hunter could harm him here .
CHAPTER XXVI : Lightfoot Does The Wise Thing
it sometimes seems as if hunters have more patience than any other people .
jolly , round , red Mr Sun sank down in the west to his bed behind the Purple Hills .
the Black Shadows crept out and grew blacker .
one by one the stars began to twinkle .
still the hunter waited , and still there was no sign of Lightfoot .
at last it became so dark that it was useless for the hunter to remain longer .
then he tramped home and his thoughts were very bitter .
in fact , the hunter had not had so much as another glimpse of Lightfoot .
the reason that the hunter had been so disappointed was that Lightfoot was smart .
so all afternoon Lightfoot rested and did not so much as put his nose outside that open shed .
that is why the hunter got no glimpse of him .
his splendid strength had returned .
he bounded lightly across the meadow and up into the brushy pasture where the hunter had been hidden .
the farmer smiled .
CHAPTER XXVII : Sammy Jay Worries
it isn't often Sammy Jay worries about anybody but himself .
you see , Sammy is smart , and he knows he is smart .
Sammy seldom worries about himself because he feels quite able to take care of himself .
but Sammy Jay was worrying now .
he was worrying about Lightfoot the Deer .
yes , Sir , Sammy Jay was worrying about Lightfoot the Deer .
for two days he had been unable to find Lightfoot or any trace of Lightfoot .
but he did find plenty of hunters with terrible guns .
it seemed to him that they were everywhere in the Green Forest .
Sammy began to suspect that one of them must have succeeded in killing Lightfoot the Deer .
Sammy knew all of Lightfoot 's hiding-places .
he visited every one of them .
Lightfoot wasn't to be found , and no one whom Sammy met had seen Lightfoot for two days .
Sammy felt badly .
you see , he was very fond of Lightfoot .
ever since the hunting season had opened , Sammy had done his best to make trouble for the hunters .
Sammy had known all about the chasing of Lightfoot by the hounds .
you see , everybody had heard the voices of those hounds .
that was the last Sammy had seen of Lightfoot .
he had been able to save Lightfoot from the hunters , but he couldn't save him from the hounds .
the more Sammy thought things over , the more he worried .
CHAPTER XXVIII : the Hunting Season Ends
the very worst things come to an end at last .
no matter how bad a thing is , it cannot last forever .
so it was with the hunting season for Lightfoot the Deer .
but this year there was no rejoicing .
you see , no one could find Lightfoot .
Sammy Jay had hunted everywhere through the Green Forest .
they had found no trace of Lightfoot .
Paddy the Beaver said that for three days Lightfoot had not visited his pond for a drink .
the Green Forest will never be the same without him .
I don't think I shall want to come over here very much .
Bobby Coon nodded .
he never harmed anybody .
for that matter , I don't understand why they want to kill any of us .
if they really needed us for food , it would be a different matter , but they don't .
Sammy nodded .
they took turns in searching for the rice grains in the mud .
it was wonderfully quiet and peaceful .
there was not even a ripple on the Big River .
it was so quiet that they could hear the barking of a dog at a farmhouse a mile away .
it was for Hooty that they took turns in watching .
it was just the hour when Hooty likes best to hunt .
they felt that for a while at least there was nothing to fear .
suddenly a little splash out in the Big River caught Mr Quack 's quick ear .
as Mrs Quack brought her head up out of the water , Mr Quack warned her to keep quiet .
Noiselessly they swam among the brown stalks until they could see out across the Big River .
there was another little splash out there in the middle .
presently they made out a silver line moving towards them from the Black Shadows .
they knew exactly what it meant .
it meant that some one was out there in the Big River moving towards them .
could it be a boat containing a hunter ?
they were ready to take to their strong wings the instant they discovered danger .
presently they made out what looked like the branch of a tree moving over the water towards them .
Mr Quack said so .
Mrs Quack said so .
both were growing more and more suspicious .
CHAPTER XXX : the Mystery Is Solved
it was very mysterious .
yes , Sir , it was very mysterious .
Mr Quack thought so .
Mrs Quack thought so .
but how could the branch of a tree swim ?
that was too much for Mr Quack .
it was too much for Mrs Quack .
but they did not want to fly unless they had to .
besides , they were curious .
they were very curious indeed .
they wanted to find out what that mysterious thing moving through the water towards them was .
at last Mr Quack felt that not even to gratify his curiosity would it be safe to wait longer .
he prepared to spring into the air , knowing that Mrs Quack would follow him .
it was just then that a funny little sound reached him .
there was something familiar about that sound .
Mr Quack decided to wait a few minutes longer .
it was a mystery no longer .
Lightfoot was swimming across the Big River on his way back to his home in the Green Forest .
CHAPTER XXXI : a Surprising Discovery
so Lightfoot roamed about without fear and was happy .
it seemed to him that he could not be happier .
there was plenty to eat and that blessed feeling of nothing to fear .
he began to grow sleek and fat and handsomer than ever .
the days were growing colder and the frosty air made him feel good .
Just at dusk one evening he went down to his favorite drinking place at the Laughing Brook .
what do you think it was he saw ?
it was a footprint in the soft mud .
yes , Sir , it was a footprint .
for a long time Lightfoot stood staring at that footprint .
in his great , soft eyes was a look of wonder and surprise .
to Lightfoot it was a very wonderful footprint .
he forgot to drink .
instead , he began to search for other footprints , and presently he found them .
each was as dainty as that first one .
who could have made them ?
that is what Lightfoot wanted to know and what he meant to find out .
in fact , he was glad .
he couldn't have told why , but it was true .
a great longing to find the maker of those footprints took possession of him .
he lifted his handsome head and listened for some slight sound which might show that the stranger was near .
but there was no sound and the wandering little Night Breezes told him nothing .
Lightfoot followed the dainty footprints up the bank .
there they disappeared , for the ground was hard .
CHAPTER XXXII : Lightfoot Sees The Stranger
Lightfoot the Deer was unhappy .
he had searched everywhere but always he was just too late .
now there was no anger in Lightfoot 's desire to find that stranger .
instead , there was a great longing .
for the first time in his life Lightfoot felt lonely .
so he hunted and hunted and was unhappy .
he lost his appetite .
he slept little .
it was the feeling of being watched .
for a long minute Lightfoot stood gazing .
a pair of wonderful , great , soft eyes gazed back at him .
then that beautiful head disappeared .
he plunged in , but there was no one there .
frantically he searched , but that thicket was empty .
then he stood still and listened .
not a sound reached him .
the beautiful stranger had slipped away as silently as a shadow .
the longing to find that beautiful stranger had become so great that he fairly ached with it .
it seemed to him that until he found her he could know no happiness .
CHAPTER XXXIII : a Different Game Of Hide And Seek
but it was a very different game from the one he had played just a short time before .
at times Lightfoot would lose his temper .
yes , Sir , Lightfoot would lose his temper .
at other times Lightfoot would steal about through the Green Forest as noiselessly as a shadow .
of course it wasn't long before all the little people in the Green Forest knew what was going on .
the fact is , they were enjoying that game .
Mischievous Sammy Jay even went so far as to warn the stranger several times when Lightfoot was approaching .
of course Lightfoot knew when Sammy did this , and each time he lost his temper .
CHAPTER XXXIV : a Startling New Footprint
she wasn't to be seen .
they were not the prints he was looking for .
no , Sir , they were not the dainty prints he had learned to know so well .
the finding of those prints was a dreadful shock to Lightfoot .
he understood instantly what they meant .
he has no right here in my Green Forest .
I want her to stay , but I must drive this fellow out .
I 'll make him fight .
that 's what I 'll do ; I 'll make him fight !
could you have looked into his great eyes then , you would have found nothing soft and beautiful about them .
they became almost red with anger .
Lightfoot quivered all over with rage .
the hair on the back of his neck stood up .
then he leaped over the Laughing Brook and once more began to search through the Green Forest .
but this time it was not for the beautiful stranger with the dainty feet .
he had no time to think of her now .
he must first find this newcomer and he meant to waste no time in doing it .
CHAPTER XXXV : Lightfoot Is Reckless
each time he found these signs Lightfoot 's rage increased .
of course it didn't take Sammy Jay long to discover what was going on .
there is little that escapes those sharp eyes of Sammy Jay .
for once Sammy had kept his tongue still .
then he hunted up Bobby Coon and told him .
Paddy had seen the big stranger on the edge of his pond early the night before .
of course , Lightfoot knew nothing about all this .
CHAPTER XXXVI : Sammy Jay Takes A Hand
he was so excited he wanted to scream .
but he didn't .
he kept his tongue still .
you see , he didn't want Lightfoot to know that he was being followed .
under that pointed cap of Sammy Jay 's are quick wits .
now the truth is , the stranger was not a coward .
so the big stranger wanted to avoid a fight if possible .
so he dodged Lightfoot and at the same time looked for the beautiful stranger .
so Sammy stopped following Lightfoot and began to search through the Green Forest for the big stranger .
it didn't take very long to find him .
as soon as he saw him , Sammy began to scream at the top of his lungs .
CHAPTER XXXVII : the Great Fight
he had understood the screaming of Sammy Jay .
he knew that somewhere down there was the big stranger he had been looking for .
the big stranger had understood Sammy 's screaming quite as well as Lightfoot .
his eyes also blazed .
he bounded out into a little open place by the pond of Paddy the Beaver and there he waited .
everybody who was near enough hurried there .
Paddy himself climbed up on the roof of his house out in the pond .
Buster Bear shuffled down the hill and watched from the other side of the pond .
Reddy and Granny Fox were both there .
then , snorting with rage , they lowered their heads and plunged together .
their antlers clashed with a noise that rang through the Green Forest , and both fell to their knees .
there they pushed and struggled .
it was a terrible fight .
everybody said so .
if they had not known before , everybody knew now what those great antlers were for .
it only made Lightfoot fight harder .
sometimes they would rear up and strike with their sharp hoofs .
then they would come together again more fiercely than ever .
never had such a fight been seen in the Green Forest .
CHAPTER XXXVIII : An Unseen Watcher
each was filled fully with rage and determined to drive the other from the Green Forest .
each was fighting for the right to win the love of Miss Daintyfoot .
neither of them knew that Miss Daintyfoot herself was watching them .
but she was .
she knew that they were fighting for her .
she knew it just as she had known how both had been hunting for her .
both Lightfoot and the big stranger were handsome .
yes , indeed , they were very handsome .
she almost wanted him to win .
that great fight lasted a long time .
to pretty Miss Daintyfoot it seemed that it never would end .
Little by little the big stranger was forced back towards the edge of the open place .
now he would be thrown to his knees when Lightfoot wasn't .
as Lightfoot saw this , he seemed to gain new strength .
at last he caught the stranger in such a way that he threw him over .
the stranger was beaten and he knew it .
with a snort of triumph , Lightfoot plunged after him .
but now that he was beaten , fear took possession of the stranger .
his one thought was to get away , and fear gave him speed .
straight back towards the Great Mountain from which he had come the stranger headed .
Lightfoot followed only a short distance .
then Lightfoot turned back to the open place where they had fought .
as she looked at him , Miss Daintyfoot knew that she had wanted him to win .
CHAPTER XXXIX : Lightfoot Discovers Love
but Lightfoot didn't know this .
in fact , he didn't know that Miss Daintyfoot was there .
he had been jealous of that big stranger , though he hadn't known that he was jealous .
of course this was nothing but jealousy .
in its place was a great longing to find Miss Daintyfoot .
his great eyes became once more soft and beautiful .
in them was a look of wistfulness .
then he turned , intending to take up once more his search for beautiful Miss Daintyfoot .
when he turned he faced the thicket in which Miss Daintyfoot was hiding .
his keen eyes caught a little movement of the branches .
he wondered if she would disappear and run away as she had the last time he saw her .
he took a step or two forward .
the beautiful head was withdrawn .
Lightfoot 's heart sank .
then he bounded forward into that thicket .
it was love .
CHAPTER XL : Happy Days In The Green Forest
these were happy days in the Green Forest .
they were the happiest days he had ever known .
wherever Lightfoot went , Mrs Lightfoot went .
he showed her all his favorite hiding-places .
he led her to his favorite eating-places .
but he didn't stop to think and proudly led her from place to place .
and they really did feel glad .
you see , there were hunters on the Great Mountain .
in fact , that is how I happened to come down to the Green Forest .
there was a puzzled look on Lightfoot 's face .
Blacky the Crow is one of Lightfoot 's friends , but sometimes even friends are envious .
it is so with Blacky .
THE ADVENTURES OF REDDY FOX
Reddy Fox lived with Granny Fox .
granny trotted ahead until they came to a long bridge .
then she stopped .
granny Fox grinned .
but Reddy Fox was afraid .
yes , Sir , he was afraid to take one step on the long bridge .
just don't look down and you will be safe enough .
but Reddy Fox hung back and begged to go home and whimpered .
suddenly Granny Fox sprang to her feet , as if in great fright .
Reddy didn't stop to look or to think .
his one idea was to get away from Bowser the Hound .
he was in the middle of the bridge before he remembered it at all .
then for the first time Reddy looked behind him to see where Bowser the Hound might be .
he was nowhere to be seen .
could he have fallen off the bridge ?
Reddy stared at her for a minute .
then he began to understand that Granny Fox had simply scared him into running across the bridge .
and this time Reddy did .
granny Fox smiled .
Reddy hung his head .
suddenly Granny Fox lifted her head .
Reddy pricked up his sharp , pointed ears .
granny listened for a few minutes .
then he sat down to watch .
granny trotted out in the middle of a field and sat down .
pretty soon a young hound broke out of the bushes , his nose in Granny 's track .
then he looked up and saw her , and his voice grew still more savage and eager .
pretty soon Reddy heard another sound .
it was a long , low rumble .
then there was a distant whistle .
it was a train .
granny heard it , too .
as she ran , she began to work back toward the long bridge .
the train was in sight now .
suddenly Granny Fox started across the bridge so fast that she looked like a little red streak .
but he couldn't begin to run as fast as Granny Fox .
oh , my , no !
but Reddy Fox is a boaster .
Blacky the Crow grew tired of Reddy 's boasting .
a lot of little meadow people heard Blacky say this , and Reddy knew it .
suddenly he remembered the trick that Granny Fox had played on the young hound at the railroad bridge .
he would .
Blacky agreed to be there , and Reddy started off to find out where Bowser was .
then Bowser would have to jump down into the swift river or be run over .
the train was halfway across the bridge , but Bowser was nowhere to be seen .
he must have jumped already .
Reddy sat down and grinned in the most self-satisfied way .
the long train roared past , and Reddy closed his eyes to shut out the dust and smoke .
Reddy Fox Grows Bold
Reddy Fox was growing bold .
everybody said so , and what everybody says must be so .
he had really fooled himself .
yes , Sir , Reddy Fox had fooled himself .
now it is one of the worst habits in the world to think too much of one 's self .
and Reddy Fox had the habit .
oh , my , yes !
Reddy Fox certainly did have the habit !
you see , he had forgotten all about the time Bowser had fooled him at the railroad bridge .
so as Reddy Fox thought more and more of his own smartness , he grew bolder and bolder .
almost every night he visited Farmer Brown 's henyard .
Farmer Brown set traps all around the yard , but Reddy always found them and kept out of them .
of course they missed those fresh eggs and of course they blamed Reddy Fox .
you know it isn't any fun at all to feel smart unless others can see how smart you are .
yes , Ah do !
hope it ain't a-gwine to stay ; Yes , Ah do !
yes , Ah do !
when Ah sees him , Ah runs quick !
yes , Ah do !
V Reddy Grows Careless
he wanted everyone to know how bold he was .
yes , Sir , they just ached to see Reddy get into trouble .
Jimmy Skunk chuckled .
then he whistled for Bowser the Hound , and together they started out .
it wasn't long before Bowser found Reddy 's tracks .
Reddy Fox , taking a nap on the edge of the Green Forest , heard Bowser 's big , deep voice .
he pricked up his ears , then he grinned .
yes , Sir , Reddy Fox had grown careless .
so once more Reddy sat down and waited until Bowser the Hound was almost up to him .
Just then Drummer the Woodpecker began to make a tremendous noise rat-a-tat-tat-tat , rat-a-tat-tat-tat , rat-a-tat-tat-tat !
now everybody who heard that rat-a-tat-tat-tat knew that it was a danger signal .
Drummer the Woodpecker never drums just that way for pleasure .
but Reddy Fox paid no attention to it .
he didn't notice it at all .
nobody likes him .
Drummer cocked his head on one side and looked over at Reddy Fox .
Reddy was laughing to see how hard Bowser the Hound was working to untangle Reddy 's mixed-up trail .
down at the foot of the tree a freckled face on which there was a black scowl looked up .
it was the face of Farmer Brown 's boy .
he shook a fist at Drummer , but Drummer didn't appear to notice .
he kept right on , rat-a-tat-tat-tat , rat-a-tat-tat-tat , rat-a-tat-tat-tat !
Rat-a-tat-tat-a-tat-tat , beat Drummer on the old tree trunk on the edge of the Green Forest .
Drummer didn't like the looks of that scowl , not a bit .
now Reddy Fox had grown as careless as he had grown bold .
now Reddy Fox has sharp eyes and very quick ears .
my , my , indeed he has !
but just now Reddy was as deaf as if he had cotton stuffed in his ears .
Reddy Fox gave a little gasp of fright and turned so suddenly that he almost fell flat .
it seemed as though his flying feet hardly touched the grass .
two flashes of fire and two puffs of smoke darted from behind the old tree trunk .
Drummer the Woodpecker gave a frightened scream and flew deep into the Green Forest .
Peter Rabbit flattened himself under a friendly bramble bush .
Johnny Chuck dived headfirst down his doorway .
Reddy Fox gave a yelp , a shrill little yelp of pain , and suddenly began to go lame .
but Farmer Brown 's boy didn't know that .
Reddy Fox was so sore and lame that he could hardly hobble .
then he had limped home , big tears running down his nose , although he tried hard not to cry .
granny Fox looked at Reddy sharply .
granny Fox took one look at Reddy 's wounds , and knew right away what had happened .
oh , my , no !
there was nothing gentle about that !
this is summer and men don't hunt foxes now .
you may be sure he was very careful not to mention that .
Reddy Fox grew very red in the face , but he never said a word .
no one answered .
Johnny Chuck looked disappointed .
he would try once more .
Johnny Chuck 's face lighted up .
you are slow !
Serves Reddy Fox right .
he knew now that Peter Rabbit 's curiosity was aroused , and he smiled to himself .
finally Johnny gave in .
he was up by Reddy 's house early this morning and saw Reddy try to walk .
you won't have to watch out for Reddy Fox for some time , Peter .
x . Poor Reddy Fox
Peter Rabbit and Johnny Chuck stole up the hill toward the home of Reddy Fox .
they were not taking any chances .
Peter Rabbit was afraid of both .
the nearer he got to the home of Reddy Fox , the more anxious and nervous he grew .
pretty soon they saw old Granny Fox come out .
she sniffed the wind and then she started off at a quick run down the Lone Little Path .
Johnny Chuck gave a sigh of relief , for he wasn't afraid of Reddy and now he felt safe .
Just then Johnny Chuck put a hand on his lips and pointed with the other hand .
there was Reddy Fox crawling out of his doorway into the sun .
Peter Rabbit leaned forward to see better .
Reddy Fox crawled painfully out onto his doorstep .
he tried to stand and walk , but he couldn't because he was too stiff and sore .
so he just crawled .
he didn't know that anyone was watching him , and with every movement he made a face .
that was because it hurt so .
Peter Rabbit , watching from the clump of bushes , knew then that Reddy was not pretending .
he knew that he had nothing , not the least little thing , to fear from Reddy Fox .
Reddy looked up and tried to grin , but made a face of pain instead .
you see , it hurt so to move .
so at first Peter Rabbit had whooped with joy .
he forgot all about the threats of Reddy Fox and how Reddy had tried to trick him .
he forgot all about how mean Reddy had been .
up over the hill trotted old Granny Fox .
she was on her way home with a tender young chicken for Reddy Fox .
but old Granny Fox didn't know this .
she never makes such mistakes herself .
oh , my , no !
she knew that Bowser the Hound was chained up .
it was Peter Rabbit sitting up very straight , not ten feet from Reddy Fox .
so first she studied and studied every clump of grass and every bush behind which she could creep .
then she looked this way and looked that way to make sure that no one was watching her .
then Granny Fox began to crawl from one clump of grass to another and from bush to bush .
Little by little she was drawing nearer and nearer to Peter Rabbit .
now with all her smartness old Granny Fox had forgotten one thing .
yes , Sir , she had forgotten one thing .
his eyes twinkled .
of course Peter Rabbit saw her then , and was off like a shot .
granny Fox showed all her teeth .
now she saw Peter going across the Green Meadows , lipperty-lipperty-lip , as fast as he could go .
she was so angry that she hopped up and down .
she tore up the grass and ground her long , white teeth .
my , my , but old Granny Fox certainly was angry !
Johnny Chuck was scared .
yes , indeed , Johnny Chuck was dreadfully scared .
then Johnny Chuck crept along until he was far enough away to run .
Reddy Fox looked up as old Granny Fox came hurrying home .
you don't deserve any breakfast anyway .
granny Fox saw them .
when she got there , there wasn't any chicken .
granny Fox could hardly believe her own eyes .
old Granny Fox flew into a greater rage than before .
granny Fox Calls Jimmy Skunk Names
granny Fox couldn't believe her own eyes .
that chicken certainly had disappeared , and left no trace of where it had gone .
it was very queer .
then she walked in a big circle with her nose to the ground , sniffing and sniffing .
what was she doing that for ?
why , to see if she could find the tracks of anyone who might have stolen her chicken .
but it wasn't Peter Rabbit this time .
yes , Sir , it was Jimmy Skunk .
old Granny Fox watched him .
said Jimmy Skunk .
it tore her skirts and scratched her legs .
old Granny Fox was in a terrible temper .
dear , dear , it certainly was a dreadful temper !
Jimmy Skunk laughed at her , and that made it worse .
it wasn't that Bobby Coon was afraid of old Granny Fox .
bless you , no !
Bobby Coon isn't a bit afraid of her .
it was because he had a full stomach and was feeling too good-natured and lazy to quarrel .
granny Fox looked up and glared at him with yellow eyes .
old Granny Fox started to say something unpleasant .
then she changed her mind and instead she sat down and told Bobby Coon all her troubles .
as she talked , Bobby Coon kept ducking his head behind a branch of the tree to hide a smile .
finally Granny Fox noticed it .
and just then Bobby Coon did .
they were not on the ground , however , but floating in the air .
Bobby Coon leaned out to see where they came from , and Granny Fox turned to look , too .
what do you think they saw ?
he was humming to himself , for he had just had a good breakfast .
the Merry Little Breeze was sure .
but he made sure that old Granny Fox was not at home before he showed himself .
Reddy Fox lay on his doorstep .
he was sick and sore and stiff .
he felt too ill even to turn his head .
no one answered .
Still there was no reply , and Reddy began to be a little bit suspicious .
he turned over and raised his head to look .
Smarty , Smarty came to grief !
but he felt too sick to quarrel .
but he didn't let Reddy know it .
he just pretended to be tickled to death to see Reddy Fox so helpless .
he didn't dare stay long , for fear Granny Fox would return .
Joe Otter and Billy Mink were sitting on the Big Rock in the Smiling Pool .
because they had nothing else to do , they were planning mischief .
he was too busy to get into mischief .
suddenly Billy Mink put a finger on his lips as a warning to Little Joe Otter to keep perfectly still .
Billy 's sharp eyes had seen something moving over in the bulrushes .
together he and Little Joe Otter watched , ready to dive into the Smiling Pool at the first sign of danger .
in a few minutes the rushes parted and a sharp little old face peered out .
Little Joe Otter and Billy Mink each sighed with relief , and their eyes began to dance .
a grin crept over the sharp little old face peering out from the bulrushes .
he nodded his head .
for a few minutes no one said a word .
then Billy Mink stood up and stretched .
Farmer Brown 's Boy Is Determined
Farmer Brown 's boy had made up his mind .
that is just what he had done now .
no , Suh , there isn't gwine to be any next time .
ah sho'ly doan love Reddy Fox , but Ah can't nohow let him be shot again .
of course , Farmer Brown 's boy didn't hear him .
he was too intent on his plan to catch Reddy Fox .
no , Sir-e-e !
Farmer Brown 's boy whistled for Bowser the Hound and started for the Green Forest .
the Hunt for Reddy Fox
now I feel trouble .
old Granny Fox turned , and her eyes blazed as she looked at Reddy Fox .
she didn't say a word .
she didn't have to .
Reddy just crawled into his house , muttering to himself .
granny stuck her head in at the door .
Reddy Fox shivered when he heard that .
he didn't believe Granny Fox .
he thought she was saying that just to scare him and make him stay inside .
but he shivered just the same .
it was true .
how did old Granny Fox know it ?
she just felt it !
first she hurried to a little point on the hill where she could look down the Lone Little Path .
old Granny Fox waited to see no more .
in a few minutes she heard Bowser 's great voice .
he had smelled her track in the Lone Little Path and was following it .
old Granny Fox grinned .
you see , he didn't know anything about old Granny Fox ; he thought Bowser was following Reddy Fox .
it was Jimmy Skunk who spoke .
he had been hurrying so fast that he hadn't seen Jimmy Skunk at all .
Reddy always did make trouble for other people .
I don't see what you 're worrying about Reddy Fox for .
Jimmy Skunk looked serious .
and everyone they told hurried to tell someone else .
happy Jack Squirrel told Chatterer the Red Squirrel ; Chatterer told Striped Chipmunk , and Striped Chipmunk told Danny Meadow Mouse .
and everybody hastened to hide from Farmer Brown 's boy and his terrible gun .
I 'll get him !
she was cross and tired and hot , for it was a very warm day .
granny Fox was cross because she was tired .
she hadn't done much running lately .
she knows all the tricks with which foxes fool those who try to catch them .
but she wasn't ready to do that yet .
old Granny Fox was taking great care to see that her tracks were easy to follow .
it was a long , long , long way from the Green Meadows and the Green Forest .
granny Fox had made it a long way purposely .
now this old house had a back door hidden close beside the hollow trunk of a fallen tree .
Bowser the Hound came roaring up to the front door of the old house .
Granny 's tracks led right inside , and Bowser grew so excited that he made a tremendous noise .
Bowser the Hound never once thought of looking for a back door .
granny Fox grinned as she listened to the terrible fuss Bowser was making .
she watched Bowser digging and barking .
after a while a worried look crept into the face of old Granny Fox .
pretty soon Reddy Fox heard a voice .
he pricked up his ears and listened .
Reddy grinned .
he wasn't at all worried about Granny Fox , not the least little bit .
then a sudden thought popped into Reddy 's head , and he grew sober .
then Reddy Fox curled himself up and tried to sleep .
but somehow Reddy couldn't get to sleep .
he twisted and turned and fidgeted .
the more he fidgeted , the more uncomfortable he grew .
it would take the soreness out of his legs .
something must have happened to Granny to keep her so long .
he could just see the sunlight on the doorstep .
pretty soon he went a little bit nearer .
he wasn't going to disobey old Granny Fox .
oh , no !
she had told him to stay in the house until she returned .
she hadn't said that he couldn't look out !
then he crawled right up to the very doorway .
he could still hear Jenny Wren scolding and fussing .
she was tired and hot , and she had planned to pick out the shadiest paths going back .
but Farmer Brown 's boy had not yet appeared , and Granny Fox was getting worried .
it must be grand to be able to fly .
oh , I can't believe that your eyes are so sharp as all that !
presently she heard voices singing .
they seemed to be in the treetops over her head .
granny Fox knew the voices , and she looked up .
Just then one of them looked down and saw her .
in a flash they were all down out of the treetops and dancing around old Granny Fox , cooling her off .
of course , Granny Fox kept right on running .
her eyes popped almost out of her head .
there was Farmer Brown 's boy standing right in front of the door of her home .
then she waited for the bang of the gun .
it didn't come .
then Granny peeped through her fingers .
Farmer Brown 's boy was still there , but Reddy Fox had disappeared inside the house .
granny Fox sighed in relief .
it had been a terrible scare , the worst she could remember .
granny and Reddy Have To Move
old Granny Fox gave him a shove .
it 's all your own fault .
now that he knows where we live , he will give us no peace .
move along lively now !
this is the best home I have ever had , and now I 've got to leave it .
Reddy Fox was thinking too much of his own troubles to notice how badly Granny Fox was feeling .
it would be a lot easier and pleasanter when the sun is shining .
old Granny Fox listened to him for a while , and then she lost patience .
yes , Sir , Granny Fox lost patience .
she boxed Reddy Fox first on one ear and then on the other .
Reddy began to snivel .
they 'll find it out soon enough .
now come along without any more fuss .
if you don't , I 'll just go off and leave you to shift for yourself .
he did his best not to complain , but it was such hard work .
and somehow Reddy Fox didn't believe that it was at all necessary .
Peter Rabbit , who had been out all night and was just then on his way home , saw him .
Peter stopped and sat up to rub his eyes and look again .
he wasn't quite sure that he had seen aright the first time .
but he had .
Peter Rabbit rubbed his eyes once more and wrinkled up his eyebrows .
Farmer Brown 's boy certainly had a gun over one shoulder and a spade over the other .
where could he be going down the Lone Little Path with a spade ?
Farmer Brown 's garden certainly was not in that direction .
he was so excited that he had forgotten how sleepy he had felt a few minutes before .
they stopped when they saw Peter Rabbit .
Peter , Peter , what a sight !
shouted Bobby Coon .
Peter Rabbit stopped short .
indeed , he stopped so short that he almost turned a somersault .
Bobby Coon 's face wore a sober look .
Jimmy Skunk hitched up his trousers and started toward the Lone Little Path .
of course , he didn't know that they had moved .
Farmer Brown 's Boy Works for Nothing
it was cool and beautiful there on the edge of the Green Meadows .
jolly , round , red Mr Sun had just begun his long climb up in the blue , blue sky .
Mr Redwing was singing for joy over in the bulrushes on the edge of the Smiling Pool .
it didn't seem as if harm could come to anyone on such a beautiful morning .
but there was Farmer Brown 's boy .
his freckled face looked good-natured .
it didn't seem as if he could mean harm to anyone .
he didn't see one of them , but they saw him .
he could see all the little meadow and forest people who were watching Farmer Brown 's boy .
what was he laughing at ?
everybody looked .
Farmer Brown 's boy had climbed out of the hole .
he rested for a few minutes , and as he rested , he scowled .
then he began to shovel the sand back into the hole .
he had reached the bottom and found no one there .
and the others were just as glad as Peter Rabbit .
Johnny knew just how Reddy must feel , for he had had many narrow escapes in his short life .
you can read all about them in the next book , The Adventures of Johnny Chuck .
End of Project Gutenberg 's The Adventures of Reddy Fox , by Thornton W Burgess
BURGESS TRADE QUADDIES MARK
BY THORNTON W BURGESS
BOSTON LITTLE , BROWN , AND COMPANY @number@
copyright , 1912 , BY LITTLE , BROWN , AND COMPANY
I THE MERRY LITTLE BREEZES SAVE THE GREEN MEADOWS @number@
THE STRANGER IN THE GREEN FOREST @number@
HOW PRICKLY PORKY GOT HIS QUILLS @number@
PETER RABBIT'S EGG ROLLING @number@
V HOW JOHNNY CHUCK RAN AWAY @number@
PETER RABBIT'S RUN FOR LIFE @number@
a JOKER FOOLED @number@
THE FUSS IN THE BIG PINE @number@
JOHNNY CHUCK FINDS A USE FOR HIS BACK DOOR @number@
x . BILLY MINK GOES DINNERLESS @number@
GRANDFATHER FROG'S JOURNEY @number@
WHY BLACKY THE CROW WEARS MOURNING @number@
STRIPED CHIPMUNK FOOLS PETER RABBIT @number@
JERRY MUSKRAT'S NEW HOUSE @number@
PETER RABBIT'S BIG COUSIN @number@
SUDDENLY HE MET MR . PANTHER FRONTISPIECE
REDDY STRUTTED OUT IN FRONT OF HIM .
HE DEMANDED PAGE @number@
THE MERRY LITTLE BREEZES SAVE THE GREEN MEADOWS
then she hurried away to fill the sails of the ships and blow them across the great ocean .
the Merry Little Breezes hopped and skipped over the Green Meadows looking for some one to play with .
it was a fire !
yes , Sir , it was a fire in the meadow grass !
it was dreadful !
would the little red flames burn up Johnny Chuck , as they burned up the grass and the flowers ?
there they would be quite safe from the little red flames .
the Merry Little Breeze who had brought him the warning in a capful of smoke thought for a minute .
then he called all the other Little Breezes to him .
the Merry Little Breezes sighed with relief and followed to the fire .
so the Merry Little Breezes scattered in all directions to hunt for a rain cloud .
then all the little meadow people and forest folks sat down around the Smiling Pool to wait .
something struck in the Smiling Pool right beside Grandfather Frog 's big , green , lily-pad .
something hit Johnny Chuck right on the end of his funny little , black nose .
they were drops of water .
sure enough , they were drops of water rain drops .
THE STRANGER IN THE GREEN FOREST
as they hurried along the Crooked Little Path up the hill , they met Reddy Fox .
Reddy Fox sat down and grinned at the Merry Little Breezes .
the grin of Reddy Fox is not pleasant .
it made the Merry Little Breezes feel very uncomfortable .
why , your news is so old that it is stale ; it is no news at all .
the Merry Little Breezes were disappointed .
their faces fell .
Reddy Fox pretended not to hear .
now Reddy Fox had not told the truth .
and he had told another untruth , for he had no intention of going down to the Smiling Pool .
now Reddy Fox does nothing openly .
it didn't occur to him to look anywhere but on the ground .
Reddy sat down behind a big stump and rubbed his eyes .
he could hardly believe what he saw .
could he be a relative of Happy Jack Squirrel ?
he didn't look a bit , not the least little bit like Happy Jack .
and he moved slowly , very slowly , indeed , while Happy Jack and his cousins move quickly .
Reddy decided that the stranger could not be related to Happy Jack .
also , Reddy began to feel just a little bit jealous .
even Grandfather Frog left his beloved big , green lily-pad and started for the Green Forest .
the stranger was anything but handsome , but his size filled them with respect .
his eyes were small and dull .
his coat was rough , long and almost black .
his legs were short and stout .
his tail was rather short and broad .
Reddy strutted out in front of him .
the stranger paid no attention to Reddy Fox .
the stranger just grunted and appeared not to see Reddy Fox .
the stranger refused to give him so much as a glance .
he just grunted and kept right on about his business .
all the little meadow people and forest folks began to giggle and then to laugh .
still the stranger just grunted and paid no further attention to Reddy Fox .
happy Jack Squirrel had noticed this .
Reddy turned and glared at Happy Jack .
from pure love of mischief Blacky waited until Bowser was close to the circle around the stranger .
then he gave the alarm .
then he laughed so that he had to hold his sides to see the fright down below .
Reddy Fox forgot that he was afraid of nothing and nobody .
Peter Rabbit turned a back somersault and suddenly remembered that he had important business down on the Green Meadows .
Johnny Chuck dodged into a convenient hole .
Billy Mink ran into a hollow tree .
Striped Chipmunk hid in an old stump .
happy Jack Squirrel climbed the nearest tree .
Bowser stopped and looked at the stranger in sheer surprise .
still the stranger did not run .
never before had he had such an experience .
could it be that the stranger was not afraid of him ?
Bowser walked around the stranger , growling fiercely .
it really seemed as if the stranger had no fear of him .
the stranger looked for all the world like a huge black and yellow chestnut burr .
Bowser the Hound was as surprised as Blacky the Crow .
he stopped short and his eyes looked as if they would pop out of his head .
the stranger did not move .
Bowser backed away and began to circle around again , sniffing and snuffing .
once in a while he barked .
still the stranger did not move .
Bowser sat down and looked at him .
then he walked around to the other side and sat down .
then he took another step .
nothing happened .
the stranger 's tail had struck Bowser full in the face .
Bowser yelled with pain and rolled over and over on the ground .
every time he touched them he yelped with pain .
since that day no one has tried to meddle with Prickly Porky or his business .
HOW PRICKLY PORKY GOT HIS QUILLS
the newcomer in the Green Forest was a source of great interest to the Merry Little Breezes .
he was not very social .
never had the Merry Little Breezes seen such an appetite !
but if Prickly Porky was not social he was not unfriendly .
some of these were so loose that they dropped out .
Peter wished that he had left them alone .
one of the sharp little barbs pierced his tender skin and Peter could not get it out .
he had to ask Johnny Chuck to do it for him , and it had hurt dreadfully .
one morning the Merry Little Breezes failed to find Prickly Porky in the Green Forest .
could he have left as mysteriously as he had come ?
they hurried down to the Smiling Pool to tell Grandfather Frog .
it was Prickly Porky .
he was swimming easily and you may be sure no one tried to bother him .
the Merry Little Breezes watched him out of sight .
then they danced over to the big green lily-pad on which sat Grandfather Frog .
the Merry Little Breezes are great favorites with Grandfather Frog .
as usual they brought him some foolish green flies .
and he folded his hands across his white and yellow waistcoat .
grandfather settled himself comfortably .
Mr Porcupine was a slow clumsy fellow , just as his grandson a thousand times removed is to-day .
always some one reached the berry patch before he did .
Mr Porcupine grew thin and thinner and still more thin .
his long , shaggy coat looked twice too big for him .
so he learned to see by night as well as by day .
softly she stole up behind him .
then she hurried on her way .
he rolled his dull little eyes up at the big black birch .
it was tough , but it tasted good .
from that time on Mr Porcupine ceased to hunt for berries or beetles or bugs .
he grew stout and stouter .
he filled his shaggy coat until it was so tight it threatened to burst .
Mr Porcupine began to grow afraid .
they pierced Mr Panther 's tender lips and his tongue .
they stuck in the roof of his mouth .
Mr Panther spat and yelled with pain and rage and clawed frantically at his mouth .
he rolled over and over trying to get rid of the thorns .
Mr Porcupine didn't stay to watch him .
for once in his life he hurried .
by the time Mr Panther was rid of the last thorn , Mr Porcupine was nowhere to be seen .
he was safely hidden inside a hollow log .
he just lay and thought and thought and thought .
you do not know how to fight .
you move too slowly .
instead , I will give you a thousand little spurs .
once he stopped to smooth down his long , rough coat .
sure enough , there , under the long hair , he felt a thousand little spears .
yes , Sir , he met Mr Panther .
in a flash he had rolled up into a tight ball .
he reached out a paw and touched Mr Porcupine .
Mr Porcupine was nervous .
he switched his tail around and it struck Mr Panther 's paw .
he backed away hurriedly and limped off up the Lone Little Path , growling horribly .
the Merry Little Breezes drew a long breath .
but first they blew a dozen fat , foolish , green flies over to Grandfather Frog .
PETER RABBIT'S EGG ROLLING
it was spring .
indeed , he was very unhappy .
a big tear fell at his feet in the Crooked Little Path .
that was another tear .
splash ! splash !
Peter jumped .
then he winked the tears back and looked around .
there sat old Mr Toad .
he was wearing a shabby old suit , the very one he had slept in all winter .
Peter looked a little foolish .
Peter 's eyes filled with tears again .
old Mr Toad rolled one eye up at jolly , round , red Mr Sun and winked .
old Mr Toad looked very thoughtful .
he scratched the tip of his nose with his left hind foot .
then he winked once more at jolly , round , red Mr Sun .
old Mr Toad chuckled deep down in his throat .
he chuckled and chuckled until he shook all over .
then old Mr Toad picked up his cane and started down the Crooked Little Path to the Green Meadows .
there he found the Merry Little Breezes stealing kisses from the bashful little wind flowers .
the Merry Little Breezes stopped their dancing and gathered about old Mr Toad .
he wasn't at the top of the Crooked Little Path .
there was no trace of tears in his big , soft eyes .
plainly Peter Rabbit was in good spirits , in the very best of spirits .
Peter 's eyes sparkled .
Peter looked very mysterious .
then a sudden thought popped into his head .
jolly , round , red Mr Sun climbed up in the sky , smiling his broadest .
Peter Rabbit was there waiting for them .
he had brushed his clothes until you would hardly have known him .
but Jimmy Skunk held his tongue and just smiled to see how happy Peter Rabbit was .
Johnny Chuck , Danny Meadow Mouse , and old Mr Toad came together .
of course Reddy Fox was on hand promptly .
Striped Chipmunk came dancing out from the home no one has been able to find .
when all had arrived , Peter Rabbit started them to hunting for the eggs .
everybody got in the way of everybody else .
even old Mr Toad caught the excitement and hopped this way and hopped that way hunting for eggs .
Danny Meadow Mouse found a goose egg bigger than himself and had to get help to bring it in .
Bobby Coon stubbed his toes and fell down with an egg under each arm .
he had to go down to the Smiling Pool to wash .
some were nearly round and rolled swiftly to the bottom .
and it was such fun that he scrambled up and did it all over again .
then Bobby Coon tried it .
pretty soon every one was trying it , even Reddy Fox , who seldom forgets his dignity .
he tucked his head down in his vest and made himself into a perfectly round ball .
and what do you think ?
HOW JOHNNY CHUCK RAN AWAY
but not even the thought of these could chase away the frown that darkened Johnny Chuck 's face .
Peter was trying to jump over his own shadow .
when he saw Johnny Chuck he stopped abruptly .
then he looked up at the blue sky and winked at jolly , round , red Mr Sun .
Johnny Chuck smiled in spite of himself .
So Peter has been allowed to bring himself up and do just about as he pleases .
I know where there 's the dandiest sweet-clover patch .
Peter Rabbit left the Lone Little Path across the Green Meadows for some secret little paths of his own .
his long legs took him over the ground very fast .
at times all he could see was the white patch on the seat of Peter Rabbit 's pants .
he began to wish that he had minded old Mrs Chuck and stayed at home .
it was too late to go back now , for he didn't know the way .
Peter Rabbit just flirted his tail and ran faster .
yes , Sir , he began to cry .
if he did he would surely be lost , and then what should he do ?
the very thought made him run just a little faster .
now Peter Rabbit is really one of the best-hearted little fellows in the world , just happy-go-lucky and careless .
pretty soon Johnny Chuck came up , puffing and blowing , and threw himself flat on the ground .
so Peter Rabbit and Johnny Chuck lay down in the grass to rest while Johnny Chuck recovered his breath .
it made Johnny Chuck nervous .
but he kept right on doing it just the same .
Johnny Chuck felt a chill of fear .
Johnny Chuck had never been so frightened in all his short life .
Peter Rabbit looked at the tear in Johnny Chuck 's pants .
it was , and Peter 's long legs followed his head .
but Johnny Chuck was afraid .
but without Peter Rabbit it grew lonesomer and lonesomer in under the old stone wall .
he forgot all about his torn pants .
suddenly Peter Rabbit grabbed him by a sleeve and pulled him down flat .
Johnny Chuck 's heart almost stopped beating .
what new danger could there be now ?
in a minute he heard a queer noise .
PETER RABBIT'S RUN FOR LIFE
Johnny Chuck 's face grew longer and longer .
now he didn't know the way home .
you 'll catch it anyway , so you might as well stay and have all fun you can .
say , I know a dandy old house up on the hill .
Jimmy Skunk used to live there , but no one lives in it now .
let's go up and see it .
so Johnny Chuck followed Peter Rabbit up the hill to the old house of Jimmy Skunk .
cobwebs covered the doorway .
Johnny Chuck was going to brush them away , but Peter Rabbit stopped him .
suddenly they heard a voice outside the front door .
then Peter Rabbit did a very brave thing .
then he slipped out the back door .
half-way down the hill he stopped and shouted :
Peter Rabbit was running for his life .
there was no doubt about it .
right behind him , grinding her long white teeth , her eyes snapping , ran old Granny Fox .
Peter Rabbit did not like to think what would happen to him if she should catch him .
Peter Rabbit was used to running for his life .
he had to do it at least once every day .
he crept to the back door of the old house to watch .
he saw Granny Fox getting nearer and nearer to Peter Rabbit .
oh , dear !
she 'll catch Peter Rabbit !
it certainly looked as if Granny Fox would .
she was right at Peter Rabbit 's heels .
poor , happy-go-lucky , little Peter Rabbit !
two more jumps and Granny Fox would have him !
Johnny Chuck shut his eyes tight , for he didn't want to see .
but Peter Rabbit had no intention of being caught so easily .
while he had seemed to be running his very hardest , really he was not .
so he knew when Granny Fox was near enough to catch him in one more jump .
then Peter Rabbit dodged .
she did not see where she was going .
when Peter Rabbit dodged , something surprising happened .
it scratched her face and tore her bright red cloak .
it threw her back flat on the ground , with all the wind knocked out of her body .
he stopped and sat up very straight .
granny Fox started nervously and looked this way and looked that way .
there was no one in sight .
then she shook a fist at Peter Rabbit and started to limp off home .
Johnny Chuck gave a great sigh of relief .
it was old Mr Toad .
Mr Toad hopped around awkwardly .
for a while all was still and Mr Toad settled himself comfortably and began to talk once more .
Mr Toad certainly was nervous .
he stretched up on the tips of his toes and looked in the direction of the sound .
then Mr Toad turned pale .
yes , Sir , Mr Toad actually turned pale !
his big , bulging eyes looked as if they would pop out of his head .
Johnny Chuck looked over in the grass .
something long and slim and black was wriggling through it .
but he would like nothing better than to catch Mr Toad for his dinner .
Johnny Chuck looked over to the alder thicket .
Peter Rabbit looked this way and that way to see if the coast was clear .
so down to the alder thicket skipped Peter Rabbit and Johnny Chuck as fast as they could go .
so the three of them , one behind the other , very softly crept in among the alders .
a great commotion was going on among the dead leaves .
he looked sick , and threshed and struggled till he made the leaves fly .
once Mrs Redwing darted down and pecked him sharply .
but Mr Blacksnake seemed quite helpless .
wait and you 'll see .
then Johnny Chuck gasped .
Mr Blacksnake was crawling out of his clothes !
they tiptoed out of the alder thicket and started back for the old house on the hill .
Peter Rabbit suddenly giggled out loud .
the next morning Danny Meadow Mouse sat on his doorstep nodding .
he was dreaming that his tail was long like the tails of all his cousins .
Danny Meadow Mouse began to laugh softly to himself .
so they started out to walk and presently they came to the big tussock of grass .
Peter Rabbit stopped .
so Danny Meadow Mouse went ahead .
Peter Rabbit waited and waited , but no Danny Meadow Mouse .
what did it mean ?
Peter stopped laughing and peeped around the big tussock .
now Cresty the Fly-catcher is a handsome fellow .
but he is .
and he was there .
you know what had happened then .
pretty soon Peter Rabbit had stopped laughing and peeped around the big tussock .
Peter couldn't believe his own eyes , for he had left it there not three minutes before .
Danny Meadow Mouse had stopped laughing .
THE FUSS IN THE BIG PINE
Johnny Chuck sat on his doorstep dreaming .
so Johnny Chuck sat on his doorstep dreaming and heard nothing .
he saw Johnny Chuck and he stopped long enough to pluck a long stem of grass .
reaching out with the long stem of grass , he tickled one of Johnny Chuck 's ears .
Peter tickled the other ear .
Johnny Chuck shook his head and slapped at this with the other little black hand .
Peter almost giggled .
Johnny slapped three or four times at the imaginary fly .
Peter laughed before he could clap his hands over his mouth .
of course Johnny Chuck heard him and whirled about .
when he saw Peter Rabbit and the long stem of grass he laughed , too .
you fooled me that time .
soon there was a big crowd of crows around the big pine , all talking at once .
such a racket !
such a dreadful racket !
then all would caw together .
another would fly into the big pine and they would do it all over again .
he was coming from the direction of the big pine .
oh , Sammy Jay !
Sammy Jay stopped and carefully brushed his handsome blue coat , for Sammy Jay is something of a dandy .
he appeared not to have heard Peter Rabbit .
Johnny Chuck chuckled and Sammy Jay looked foolish .
Sammy Jay ran out his tongue at Peter Rabbit .
I wonder why !
it was Peter Rabbit 's turn to look discomfited .
Peter Rabbit and Sammy Jay stopped quarreling to look .
sure enough , there was Farmer Brown 's boy with his gun .
but Blacky the Crow has sharp eyes , too .
he had seen Farmer Brown 's boy even before Johnny Chuck had .
then he gave the signal .
Johnny Chuck watched him go .
suddenly he remembered Hooty the Owl , and that Hooty cannot see well in the daytime .
Peter did not need to be told twice .
Johnny gave a great sigh of relief .
Farmer Brown 's boy kept on to the big pine .
and this is all I am going to tell you about the fuss in the big pine .
JOHNNY CHUCK FINDS A USE FOR HIS BACK DOOR
Johnny Chuck sat in his doorway looking over the Green Meadows .
he felt very fine .
he had had a good breakfast in the sweet-clover patch .
he had had a good nap on his own doorstep .
they didn't stop to kiss the buttercups or tease the daisies .
Johnny pricked up his small ears and watched them hurry up the hill .
Johnny shook his head .
Just then Reddy Fox came hopping and skipping down the Lone Little Path .
Reddy Fox grinned maliciously , for Reddy likes to torment others .
Johnny Chuck grew pale .
two big tears came into his eyes and ran down his funny little black nose .
the Merry Little Breezes saw this , and one of them hurried over and whispered in Johnny Chuck 's ear .
Johnny 's heart gave a great throb of relief .
Johnny Chuck awoke very early the next morning .
it was the voice of Granny Fox .
Johnny pricked up his ears , for that was the voice of Reddy Fox .
Johnny felt the cold shivers run over him again as he heard Granny Fox and Reddy Fox smack their lips .
then Granny Fox spoke again :
then Johnny Chuck tiptoed back along the hall to his bedroom and sat down to think .
very softly Johnny Chuck crept along the back passageway .
yes , he could smell foxes , but he knew that they were not at his back door .
Little by little he crept out until he could peep through the grass .
then Johnny Chuck had an idea that made him giggle harder .
his black eyes snapped and he chuckled to himself .
Johnny put a hand on his lips and beckoned Bumble to come inside .
Bumble the Bee grew very indignant .
then he buzzed up out of the doorway , and Johnny crept up to watch .
suddenly Reddy gave a yelp and sprang into the air .
granny Fox looked up and scowled .
Just then Reddy yelped louder than before , for Bumble had stung him in the other ear .
granny Fox didn't wait for any more .
BILLY MINK GOES DINNERLESS
down the Laughing Brook came Billy Mink .
when he reached the Smiling Pool he swam out to the Big Rock .
now Reddy Fox is no fisherman , though he likes fish to eat well enough .
so the three of them raced merrily across the Green Meadows until they came to the Big River .
now Billy Mink and Little Joe Otter are famous fishermen and can swim even faster than the fish themselves .
but Reddy Fox is a poor swimmer and must depend upon his wits .
when they reached the bank of the Big River they very carefully crawled down to a sandy beach .
little Joe Otter , you go down the river a little way and swim out to join Billy Mink .
then both together rush in as fast as you can swim .
Billy Mink and little Joe Otter agreed , and did just as Reddy Fox had told them to .
when they were between the playing fish and deep water they started in with a rush .
the little striped perch were young and foolish .
he had caught six fish and these he hid under a log .
but Billy Mink jeered at Reddy Fox .
Reddy Fox pretended to be indignant .
they could see another school of foolish young fish at play .
as before Reddy caught half a dozen , while Billy Mink and Little Joe Otter each caught one this time .
two or three times more Reddy Fox repeated this .
then he discovered a big pickerel sunning himself beside an old log floating in deep water .
Reddy couldn't catch Mr Pickerel , for the water was deep .
what should he do ?
Reddy sat down to think .
finally he thought of a plan .
then he called Billy Mink .
when Billy saw the big pickerel , his mouth watered , too , and his little black eyes sparkled .
very quietly Billy slipped into the water back of the old log .
there was not so much as a ripple to warn the big pickerel .
Billy smacked his lips .
Reddy Fox said nothing , but tried his best to look disappointed and dejected .
all the time he was chuckling inwardly .
for the rest of the day the fishing was poor .
then Reddy brought out all the fish that he had hidden .
Billy Mink fairly danced up and down he was so angry .
then Billy Mink did a very foolish thing ; he lost his temper completely .
he called Reddy Fox bad names .
finally he worked himself into such a rage that he ran off home leaving his pile of fish behind .
then they , too , started for home , Reddy carrying the big pickerel .
late that night , when he had recovered his temper , Billy Mink began to grow hungry .
and this is how it happened that Billy Mink went dinnerless to bed .
GRANDFATHER FROG'S JOURNEY
Grandfather Frog sat on his big green lily-pad in the Smiling Pool and Grandfather Frog was asleep !
his hands were folded across his white and yellow waistcoat and his eyes were closed .
presently Billy Mink discovered that Grandfather Frog was asleep .
then the two scamps hunted up Jerry Muskrat .
the more Jerry thought over Billy Mink 's plan , the funnier the joke seemed .
finally Jerry agreed to join Billy Mink and Little Joe Otter .
so Jerry swam out to the big green lily-pad on which sat Grandfather Frog fast asleep .
when Billy had to come up for air , Little Joe Otter took his place .
then Jerry Muskrat took his turn .
then Billy Mink hurried back to the Smiling Pool to tell the little meadow people where to find Grandfather Frog .
Little Joe Otter climbed out on the mossy green bank and Jerry Muskrat joined him there to rest and dry off .
one by one the little meadow people came hurrying up .
Reddy Fox was the first .
of course Peter Rabbit was on hand .
you can always count Peter in , when there is anything going on among the little meadow people .
Sammy Jay and Blacky the Crow were not far behind .
presently Billy Mink reached out with a long straw and tickled Grandfather Frog on the end of his nose .
grandfather Frog opened his eyes and yawned sleepily .
he yawned again and then looked to see if Billy Mink was sitting on the Big Rock .
where was the Big Rock ?
grandfather Frog sat up very suddenly and rubbed his eyes .
there wasn't any Big Rock !
grandfather Frog pinched himself to make sure that he was awake .
then he rubbed his eyes again and looked down at the big green lily-pad .
grandfather Frog was more perplexed than ever .
slowly he looked around .
where were the slippery slide and Jerry Muskrat 's new house ?
his own big green lily-pad was the only lily-pad in sight .
had the world turned topsy-turvy while he slept ?
then he turned around three times and pinched himself again .
Just then he heard a giggle up on the mossy green bank .
grandfather Frog whirled around .
grandfather Frog looked at one and then at another and gradually he began to smile .
WHY BLACKY THE CROW WEARS MOURNING
grandfather Frog sat on his big green lily-pad in the Smiling Pool .
grandfather Frog was dreaming of the days when the world was young and the frogs ruled the world .
but when they saw Grandfather Frog they forgot all about Mrs Redwing and her babies .
grandfather Frog awoke from his dream with a funny little jump .
the Merry Little Breezes giggled .
the Merry Little Breezes giggled again .
will you tell us a story , Grandfather Frog ?
they had even begun to think again of Mrs Redwing 's babies .
Just then a black shadow swept across the Smiling Pool .
grandfather Frog watched Blacky disappear behind the Lone Pine .
indeed , he was the smartest of all the birds .
old Mr Toad was ugly to look upon .
besides , he worked for his living in a garden .
so when they happened to meet him on the road they always turned their backs .
of course it wasn't long before he knew all about his neighbors and their private affairs .
now it isn't safe to know too much about your neighbors and what they are doing .
but after a while Mr Crow became vain .
after a while he began to brag among his relatives of how much he knew about his neighbors .
oh , dear me , Mr Crow began to gossip .
it just makes trouble , trouble , trouble .
it was so now .
Mr Crow 's relatives repeated the stories that they heard .
but they took great care that no one should know where they came from .
no one suspected old Mr Crow , so he was more in demand than ever to straighten matters out .
instead , he lived on the fat of the land without working , and grew fat and lazy .
yes , indeed , he certainly was smart .
he grew very crafty .
the fact is , old Mr Crow became a mischief-maker , the very worst kind of a mischief-maker .
and all the time he appeared to be the fine gentleman that he used to be .
never had there been so much trouble on the Green Meadows or so many quarrels in the Green Forest .
old Mr Mink never met old Mr Otter without picking a fight .
old Mrs Skunk wouldn't speak to old Mrs Coon .
old Mr Chipmunk turned his back on his cousin , old Mr Red Squirrel , whenever their paths crossed .
she listened to all that Mr Crow had to say .
at first they hardly knew him .
instead of his suit of spotless white his clothes were black , as black as the blackest night .
STRIPED CHIPMUNK FOOLS PETER RABBIT
Peter Rabbit sat at the top of the Crooked Little Path where it starts down the hill .
Peter yawned .
then he disappeared as suddenly as he had come .
a few minutes later he was back on the old log , but this time his cheeks were empty .
Peter Rabbit yawned again .
then he closed his eyes for just a minute .
then he was gone .
once more Peter Rabbit closed his eyes , but hardly were they shut when Striped Chipmunk shouted :
Peter scratched one of his long ears and yawned again , for Peter was growing more and more sleepy .
for a while Peter watched busy Striped Chipmunk .
then he began to wonder what Striped Chipmunk could be doing .
the next time Striped Chipmunk appeared on the old log , Peter shouted to him .
Striped Chipmunk stopped a minute .
he knew all the little paths leading to their homes .
but he did not know where Striped Chipmunk lived .
he never had known .
he really must know .
Peter Rabbit could stand it no longer .
he simply had to know where Striped Chipmunk lived .
it was a very good place to hide , a very good place .
it was so with Peter Rabbit .
you see Peter runs with big jumps , lipperty-lipperty-lip , and people who jump must make a noise .
the more noise Peter made , the more Striped Chipmunk chuckled to himself .
presently Striped Chipmunk stopped .
Jimmy Skunk doesn't know .
Johnny Chuck doesn't know .
Bobby Coon doesn't know .
but I know .
by this time Peter Rabbit had reached the shining mound of yellow gravel .
but there wasn't any doorway .
no , Sir , there wasn't any doorway !
indeed , it was so perplexing that Peter quite forgot that Striped Chipmunk would soon be coming back .
suddenly right behind Peter 's back Striped Chipmunk spoke .
for a minute he didn't know what to say .
then he found his tongue .
it 's a very nice sand pile indeed .
Striped Chipmunk shook his head .
everybody knows where this is .
so I 've brought it all here .
you are very welcome to sit on my sand pile whenever you feel like it , Peter Rabbit .
Peter Rabbit was more curious than ever .
then with a jerk of his funny little tail he was gone .
it seemed as if the earth must have swallowed him up .
not so much as a grain is dropped on his doorstep to let his secret out .
JERRY MUSKRAT'S NEW HOUSE
Jerry Muskrat wouldn't play .
it was of no use , no use at all .
Jerry Muskrat wouldn't play .
but Jerry shook his head .
he was up again in time to hear Jerry reply :
it isn't that .
Ho , ho , ho !
are you clerk of the weather ?
oh come , Jerry Muskrat , don't pretend to be so wise .
Jerry Muskrat shook his head .
Jerry shook the water from his coat , which is water-proof , you know .
he did not even smile .
grandfather Frog looked at Billy Mink severely .
Jerry had disappeared into the Smiling Pool .
Jerry Muskrat had begun work .
when finally Jerry Muskrat swam out to rest on the end of a log they shouted to him angrily .
the water grew muddier and muddier , until even Grandfather Frog began to look annoyed .
Billy Mink and Little Joe Otter started off up the Laughing Brook , where the water was clear .
but Jerry Muskrat worked steadily , digging and piling sods in a circle for the foundation of his house .
Showing just above the water on the edge of the Smiling Pool was the foundation of Jerry Muskrat 's new house .
of course every one was interested to see how the new house was coming along and to offer advice .
then one of them had an idea .
he whispered to the other Little Breezes .
they all giggled and clapped their hands .
then they hurried off to find Billy Mink and Little Joe Otter .
they even hunted up Johnny Chuck and Peter Rabbit and Danny Meadow Mouse .
Jerry Muskrat was so busy that he paid no attention to any one or anything else .
pretty soon he was ready for some green twigs to use in the walls of the new house .
what do you think he found when he got there ?
Jerry was so surprised that he hardly knew what to say .
he thanked Johnny Chuck , and with the bundle of green twigs swam back to his new house .
when he had used the last one he swam across to the bulrushes on the edge of the Smiling Pool .
it was Danny Meadow Mouse .
Jerry Muskrat was more surprised than ever .
before he reached them he heard some one shouting :
it was Peter Rabbit , who is never known to work .
back to the new house he swam with the pile of young willow shoots .
when he had placed them to suit him he sat up on the walls of his house to rest .
he looked across the Smiling Pool .
then he rubbed his eyes and looked again .
and that was the beginning of the busiest day that the Smiling Pool had ever known .
Little Joe Otter brought sods and mud to hold them in place .
Thick and high grew the walls of the new house .
over all he built a strong , thick roof beautifully rounded .
then such a frolic as there was in and around the Smiling Pool !
Little Joe Otter made a new slippery slide down one side of the roof .
PETER RABBIT'S BIG COUSIN
Jumper the Hare had come down out of the Great Woods to the Green Meadows .
his legs are twice as long and he can jump twice as far .
Peter Rabbit was very proud of his big cousin , very proud indeed .
he jumped nervously at the least little noise .
yes , Sir , Jumper the Hare certainly was very timid .
but behind his back they laughed at him .
even little Danny Meadow Mouse laughed .
Peter Rabbit , however , could see no fault in his big cousin .
Johnny Chuck saw it .
Jimmy Skunk saw it .
happy Jack Squirrel saw it .
Sammy Jay saw it .
and they told all the others .
Peter was getting his breakfast in the sweet-clover bed , just beyond the old brier patch .
Reddy Fox squatted down behind a bush to watch .
Peter Rabbit looked plump and fat .
Reddy Fox licked his chops .
Reddy Fox licked his chops again .
the Merry Little Breezes were over at the Smiling Pool to pay their respects to Grandfather Frog .
even jolly , round , red Mr Sun was behind a cloud .
from his hiding place Reddy could not see Johnny Chuck or Jimmy Skunk or Happy Jack Squirrel or Sammy Jay .
very cautiously Reddy Fox crept out from behind the bush into the tall meadow grass .
now he was almost near enough to spring .
the sound came from the brier patch .
this was Peter Rabbit hitting the ground with one of his hind feet .
he had stopped eating and was sitting up very straight .
with a snarl Reddy Fox sprang after him .
then the thing happened .
in an instant he was on his feet and had whirled about , his eyes yellow with anger .
Reddy Fox could hardly believe his own eyes !
Reddy forgot all about Peter Rabbit .
with a snarl he rushed at Jumper the Hare .
then it happened again .
Reddy Fox was furious .
that was enough .
tucking his tail between his legs , Reddy Fox sneaked away towards the Green Forest .
as he ran he heard Peter Rabbit thumping in the old brier patch .
Reddy Fox looked back from the edge of the Green Forest and gnashed his teeth .
Peter Rabbit and Jumper the Hare were rubbing noses and contentedly eating tender young clover leaves .
Reddy Fox said nothing , but slunk out of sight .
BOOKS BY THORNTON W BURGESS
THE ADVENTURES OF REDDY FOX
THE ADVENTURES OF JOHNNY CHUCK
THE ADVENTURES OF PETER COTTONTAIL
THE ADVENTURES OF UNC ' BILLY POSSUM
THE ADVENTURES OF MR . MOCKER
THE ADVENTURES OF JERRY MUSKRAT
THE ADVENTURES OF DANNY MEADOW MOUSE
THE ADVENTURES OF GRANDFATHER FROG
THE ADVENTURES OF CHATTERER , THE RED SQUIRREL
THE ADVENTURES OF SAMMY JAY
THE ADVENTURES OF BUSTER BEAR
THE ADVENTURES OF OLD MR . TOAD
THE ADVENTURES OF PRICKLY PORKY
THE ADVENTURES OF OLD MAN COYOTE
THE ADVENTURES OF PADDY THE BEAVER
THE ADVENTURES OF BOBBY COON
THE ADVENTURES OF JIMMY SKUNK
THE ADVENTURES OF BOB WHITE
THE ADVENTURES OF OL ' MISTAH BUZZARD
THE BURGESS BIRD BOOK FOR CHILDREN
THE BURGESS ANIMAL BOOK FOR CHILDREN
PHILADELPHIA : DAVID McKAY , PUBLISHER , @number@ SOUTH NINTH STREET .
THE GRAY CHAMPION @number@
SUNDAY AT HOME @number@
THE MINISTER'S BLACK VEIL @number@
THE MAYPOLE OF MERRY MOUNT @number@
THE GENTLE BOY @number@
MR . HIGGINBOTHAM'S CATASTROPHE @number@
LITTLE ANNIE'S RAMBLE @number@
a RILL FROM THE TOWN PUMP @number@
THE GREAT CARBUNCLE @number@
THE PROPHETIC PICTURES @number@
DAVID SWAN @number@
SIGHTS FROM A STEEPLE @number@
THE HOLLOW OF THE THREE HILLS @number@
THE TOLL-GATHERER'S DAY @number@
THE VISION OF THE FOUNTAIN @number@
DR . HEIDEGGER'S EXPERIMENT @number@
HOWE'S MASQUERADE @number@ II .
EDWARD RANDOLPH'S PORTRAIT @number@ III .
LADY ELEANORE'S MANTLE @number@ IV .
OLD ESTHER DUDLEY @number@
THE HAUNTED MIND @number@
THE VILLAGE UNCLE @number@
THE AMBITIOUS GUEST @number@
THE SEVEN VAGABONDS @number@
THE WHITE OLD MAID @number@
PETER GOLDTHWAITE'S TREASURE @number@
CHIPPINGS WITH A CHISEL @number@
THE SHAKER BRIDAL @number@
ENDICOTT AND THE RED CROSS @number@
THE LILY'S QUEST @number@
FOOTPRINTS ON THE SEASHORE @number@
EDWARD FANE'S ROSEBUD @number@
THE THREEFOLD DESTINY @number@
THE GRAY CHAMPION .
still , the intelligence produced a marked effect .
the sun was near setting when the march commenced .
all our godly pastors are to be dragged to prison .
the event was soon to be decided .
their steady march was like the progress of a machine that would roll irresistibly over everything in its way .
those around him were his favorite councillors and the bitterest foes of New England .
the captain of a frigate in the harbor and two or three civil officers under the Crown were also there .
another guard of soldiers , in double rank , brought up the rear .
this ejaculation was loudly uttered , and served as a herald 's cry to introduce a remarkable personage .
what is his purpose ?
meanwhile , the venerable stranger , staff in hand , was pursuing his solitary walk along the centre of the street .
now he marched onward with a warrior 's step , keeping time to the military music .
they raised a shout of awe and exultation , and looked for the deliverance of New England .
with this night thy power is ended .
To-morrow , the prison !
but his voice stirred their souls .
but where was the Gray Champion ?
but all agreed that the hoary shape was gone .
and who was the Gray Champion ?
his hour is one of darkness and adversity and peril .
SUNDAY AT HOME .
by dwelling near a church a person soon contracts an attachment for the edifice .
a glance at the body of the church deepens this impression .
we will say more of this hereafter .
many have fancied so .
some illusions and this among them are the shadows of great truths .
I love to spend such pleasant Sabbaths from morning till night behind the curtain of my open window .
he comes and applies his key to the wide portal .
meantime , here are the children assembling to the Sabbath-school , which is kept somewhere within the church .
or I might compare them to cherubs haunting that holy place .
about a quarter of an hour before the second ringing of the bell individuals of the congregation begin to appear .
those pretty girls !
why will they disturb my pious meditations ?
a white stocking is infinitely more effective than a black one .
his aspect claims my reverence , but cannot win my love .
oh , I ought to have gone to church !
the bustle of the rising congregation reaches my ears .
they are standing up to pray .
hark ! the hymn !
heaven be praised !
it is my misfortune seldom to fructify in a regular way by any but printed sermons .
I , their sole auditor , cannot always understand them .
the hour-hand on the dial has passed beyond four o'clock .
around the church door all is solitude , and an impenetrable obscurity beyond the threshold .
a commotion is heard .
this instantaneous outbreak of life into loneliness is one of the pleasantest scenes of the day .
I have taken a great liking to those black silk pantaloons .
the Sabbath eve is the eve of love .
at length the whole congregation is dispersed .
all is solitude again .
who are the choristers ?
on the wings of that rich melody they were borne upward .
yet it lifted my soul higher than all their former strains .
oh , but the church is a symbol of religion .
there is a moral , and a religion too , even in the silent walls .
and may the steeple still point heavenward and be decked with the hallowed sunshine of the Sabbath morn !
but there was no need of this .
but while people talked the wedding-day arrived .
the whole group , except the principal figure , was made up of youth and gayety .
so brilliant was the spectacle that few took notice of a singular phenomenon that had marked its entrance .
the vibrations died away , and returned with prolonged solemnity as she entered the body of the church .
they therefore continued to advance with undiminished gayety .
but her heroism was admirable .
the young have less charity for aged follies than the old for those of youth .
but why had she returned to him when their cold hearts shrank from each other 's embrace ?
still the death-bell tolled so mournfully that the sunshine seemed to fade in the air .
as she spoke a dark procession paced into the church .
it was the bridegroom in his shroud .
no garb but that of the grave could have befitted such a death-like aspect .
how shall the widow 's horror be represented ?
it gave her the ghastliness of a dead man 's bride .
the awestruck silence was first broken by the clergyman .
your mind has been agitated by the unusual circumstances in which you are placed .
the ceremony must be deferred .
at your summons I am here .
what is there for me but your decay and death ?
the stern lesson of the day had done its work ; her worldliness was gone .
she seized the bridegroom 's hand .
my life is gone in vanity and emptiness , but at its close there is one true feeling .
it has made me what I was in youth : it makes me worthy of you .
time is no more for both of us .
he wiped away the tear , even with his shroud .
the despair of my whole lifetime had returned at once and maddened me .
forgive and be forgiven .
THE MINISTER'S BLACK VEIL .
the sexton stood in the porch of Milford meeting-house pulling lustily at the bell-rope .
the old people of the village came stooping along the street .
the first glimpse of the clergyman 's figure was the signal for the bell to cease its summons .
in his case , however , the symbol had a different import .
all within hearing immediately turned about and beheld the semblance of Mr Hooper pacing slowly his meditative way toward the meeting-house .
the cause of so much amazement may appear sufficiently slight .
but Mr Hooper appeared not to notice the perturbation of his people .
that mysterious emblem was never once withdrawn .
did he seek to hide it from the dread Being whom he was addressing ?
yet perhaps the pale-faced congregation was almost as fearful a sight to the minister as his black veil to them .
a subtle power was breathed into his words .
Many spread their clasped hands on their bosoms .
Strange and bewildered looks repaid him for his courtesy .
none , as on former occasions , aspired to the honor of walking by their pastor 's side .
the afternoon service was attended with similar circumstances .
at its conclusion the bell tolled for the funeral of a young lady .
it was now an appropriate emblem .
a superstitious old woman was the only witness of this prodigy .
there was no quality of his disposition which made him more beloved than this .
it was the first item of news that the tavernkeeper told to his guests .
the topic , it might be supposed , was obvious enough .
as his plighted wife it should be her privilege to know what the black veil concealed .
come , good sir ; let the sun shine from behind the cloud .
Mr Hooper 's smile glimmered faintly .
no mortal eye will see it withdrawn .
but Mr Hooper 's mildness did not forsake him .
at length Elizabeth sat silent .
she arose and stood trembling before him .
she made no reply , but covered her eyes with her hand and turned to leave the room .
he rushed forward and caught her arm .
be mine , and hereafter there shall be no veil over my face , no darkness between our souls .
it is but a mortal veil ; it is not for eternity .
a fable went the rounds that the stare of the dead people drove him thence .
even the lawless wind , it was believed , respected his dreadful secret and never blew aside the veil .
but many were made to quake ere they departed .
once , during Governor Belcher 's administration , Mr Hooper was appointed to preach the election sermon .
several persons were visible by the shaded candlelight in the death-chamber of the old clergyman .
there were the deacons and other eminently pious members of his church .
the minister of Westbury approached the bedside .
I pray you , my venerable brother , let not this thing be !
have men avoided me and women shown no pity and children screamed and fled only for my black veil ?
still veiled , they laid him in his coffin , and a veiled corpse they bore him to the grave .
THE MAYPOLE OF MERRY MOUNT .
the masques , mummeries and festive customs described in the text are in accordance with the manners of the age .
authority on these points may be found in Strutt 's Book of English Sports and Pastimes .
Bright were the days at Merry Mount when the Maypole was the banner-staff of that gay colony .
jollity and gloom were contending for an empire .
from its top streamed a silken banner colored like the rainbow .
but what was the wild throng that stood hand in hand about the Maypole ?
one was a youth in glistening apparel with a scarf of the rainbow pattern crosswise on his breast .
up with your nimble spirits , ye morrice-dancers , green men and glee-maidens , bears and wolves and horned gentlemen !
when the priest had spoken , therefore , a riotous uproar burst from the rout of monstrous figures .
oh , Edith , this is our golden time .
that was Edith 's mystery .
meanwhile , we may discover who these gay people were .
but none of these motives had much weight with the colonists of Merry Mount .
erring Thought and perverted Wisdom were made to put on masques , and play the fool .
they gathered followers from all that giddy tribe whose whole life is like the festal days of soberer men .
Light had their footsteps been on land , and as lightly they came across the sea .
the young deemed themselves happy .
the King of Christmas was duly crowned , and the Lord of Misrule bore potent sway .
but what chiefly characterized the colonists of Merry Mount was their veneration for the Maypole .
it has made their true history a poet 's tale .
thus each alternate season did homage to the Maypole , and paid it a tribute of its own richest splendor .
unfortunately , there were men in the new world of a sterner faith than those Maypole worshippers .
their weapons were always at hand to shoot down the straggling savage .
but did the dead man laugh ?
who but the fiend and his bond-slaves the crew of Merry Mount had thus disturbed them ?
the future complexion of New England was involved in this important quarrel .
after these authentic passages from history we return to the nuptials of the Lord and Lady of the May .
alas ! we have delayed too long , and must darken our tale too suddenly .
but some of these black shadows have rushed forth in human shape .
yes , with the setting sun the last day of mirth had passed from Merry Mount .
the Puritans had played a characteristic part in the Maypole mummeries .
it was the Puritan of Puritans : it was Endicott himself .
Woe unto them that would defile it !
and with his keen sword Endicott assaulted the hallowed Maypole .
but the votaries of the Maypole gave one groan for their idol .
let him look to himself .
Endicott rested on his sword and closely surveyed the dress and aspect of the hapless pair .
they looked first at each other and then into the grim captain 's face .
truly , as Endicott had said , the poor lovers stood in a woeful case .
he smiled at the fair spectacle of early love ; he almost sighed for the inevitable blight of early hopes .
it was a deed of prophecy .
they returned to it no more .
THE GENTLE BOY .
he therefore left the path and walked somewhat fearfully across the field .
the Puritan , whose approach had been unperceived , laid his hand upon the child 's shoulder and addressed him compassionately .
the boy had hushed his wailing at once , and turned his face upward to the stranger .
he then spoke soothingly , intending to humor the boy 's fantasy :
but he possessed a compassionate heart which not even religious prejudice could harden into stone .
are we not all in darkness till the light doth shine upon us ?
as the Puritan entered he thrust aside his cloak and displayed Ilbrahim 's face to the female .
the good woman prepared the little bed from which her own children had successively been borne to another resting-place .
Tobias Pearson was not among the earliest emigrants from the old country .
the common people manifested their opinions more openly .
the interior aspect of the meeting-house was rude .
she was naturally a woman of mighty passions , and hatred and revenge now wrapped themselves in the garb of piety .
Woe to them that shed the blood of saints !
Cursed are they in the delight and pleasure of their hearts !
Dorothy , however , had watched her husband 's eye .
her mild but saddened features and neat matronly attire harmonized together and were like a verse of fireside poetry .
the mother looked down upon her boy with a troubled countenance , and then turned her eyes upward to heaven .
she seemed to pray internally , and the contention of her soul was evident .
I go , friends , I go .
having held her hands over his head in mental prayer , she was ready to depart .
a general sentiment of pity overcame the virulence of religious hatred .
of the malice which generally accompanies a superfluity of sensitiveness Ilbrahim was altogether destitute .
his mind was wanting in the stamina of self-support .
it was that of reciting imaginary adventures on the spur of the moment , and apparently in inexhaustible succession .
the boy 's parents at length removed him to complete his cure under their own roof .
at length we came to a tract of fertile land .
it is an end I have long looked for .
Art thou come to bear a valiant testimony as in former years ?
but the unhappy mother was not thus to be consoled .
Hath he cast me down never to rise again ?
Hath he crushed my very heart in his hand ?
as Dorothy looked upon his features she perceived that their placid expression was again disturbed .
MR . HIGGINBOTHAM'S CATASTROPHE .
I 'm not particular about Parker 's Falls .
he was rather astonished at the rapidity with which the news had spread .
the stranger on foot must have worn seven-league boots , to travel at such a rate .
he met with one piece of corroborative evidence .
his property would descend to a pretty niece who was now keeping school in Kimballton .
there was no colored man .
it was an Irishman that hanged him last night at eight o'clock ; I came away at seven .
Dominicus stared after him in great perplexity .
his second duty , of course , was to impart Mr Higginbotham 's catastrophe to the hostler .
the inhabitants felt their own prosperity interested in his fate .
the village poet likewise commemorated the young lady 's grief in seventeen stanzas of a ballad .
had Mr Higginbotham cared about posthumous renown , his untimely ghost would have exulted in this tumult .
it had travelled all night , and must have shifted horses at Kimballton at three in the morning .
are the murderers apprehended ?
is Mr Higginbotham 's niece come out of her fainting-fits ?
but I have proof nearly as strong as Mr Higginbotham 's own oral testimony in the negative .
but unexpected evidence was forthcoming .
I left Kimballton this morning to spend the vacation of commencement-week with a friend about five miles from Parker 's Falls .
Dominicus was acquainted with the toll-man , and while making change the usual remarks on the weather passed between them .
he 's been to Woodfield this afternoon , attending a sheriff 's sale there .
Dominicus shivered .
but something seemed to struggle beneath the branch .
LITTLE ANNIE'S RAMBLE .
let me listen too .
perhaps little Annie would like to go ?
Little Annie shall take a ramble with me .
smooth back your brown curls , Annie , and let me tie on your bonnet , and we will set forth .
what a strange couple to go on their rambles together !
yet there is sympathy between us .
now we turn the corner .
now her eyes brighten with pleasure .
who heeds the poor organ-grinder ?
but where would Annie find a partner ?
is Annie a literary lady ?
that would be very queer .
oh , my stars !
this is the little girl 's true plaything .
Little Annie does not understand what I am saying , but looks wishfully at the proud lady in the window .
meantime , good-bye , Dame Doll !
now we elbow our way among the throng again .
poor little fellow !
what a pity that he does not know how miserable he is !
see that gray squirrel at the door of the fruit-shop whirling round and round so merrily within his wire wheel !
being condemned to the treadmill , he makes it an amusement .
here we see something to remind us of the town-crier and his ding-dong-bell .
the lion and the lioness are busy with two beef-bones .
are there any two living creatures who have so few sympathies that they cannot possibly be friends ?
in fact , he is a bear of sentiment .
what a noisy world we quiet people live in !
I guess the latter .
now he raises his clear loud voice above all the din of the town .
what saith the people 's orator ?
stop , stop , town-crier !
but I have gone too far astray for the town-crier to call me back .
Sweet has been the charm of childhood on my spirit throughout my ramble with little Annie .
has it been merely this ?
their influence on us is at least reciprocal with ours on them .
the wedded couple lived in London .
this outline is all that I remember .
whenever any subject so forcibly affects the mind , time is well spent in thinking of it .
what sort of a man was Wakefield ?
we are free to shape out our own idea and call it by his name .
imagination , in the proper meaning of the term , made no part of Wakefield 's gifts .
only the wife of his bosom might have hesitated .
this latter quality is indefinable , and perhaps non-existent .
let us now imagine Wakefield bidding adieu to his wife .
it is the dusk of an October evening .
he has informed Mrs Wakefield that he is to take the night-coach into the country .
but our business is with the husband .
it would be vain searching for him there .
he is in the next street to his own and at his journey 's end .
doubtless a dozen busybodies had been watching him and told his wife the whole affair .
no mortal eye but mine has traced thee .
in the morning he rises earlier than usual and sets himself to consider what he really means to do .
but how is he to attain his ends ?
yet should he reappear , the whole project is knocked in the head .
at that instant his fate was turning on the pivot .
can it be that nobody caught sight of him ?
in ordinary cases this indescribable impression is caused by the comparison and contrast between our imperfect reminiscences and the reality .
but this is a secret from himself .
it is accomplished : Wakefield is another man .
he will not go back until she be frightened half to death .
next day the knocker is muffled .
dear woman ! will she die ?
in the course of a few weeks she gradually recovers .
fool ! it is in another world .
the dead have nearly as much chance of revisiting their earthly homes as the self-banished Wakefield .
Wakefield is spellbound .
she has the placid mien of settled widowhood .
the throng eddies away and carries them asunder .
she passes in , however , opening her prayer-book as she goes .
perhaps he was so .
the life of a hermit is nowise parallel to his .
he would look on the affair as no more than an interlude in the main business of his life .
alas , what a mistake !
he is quite penetrated with its autumnal chill .
no ; Wakefield is no such fool .
stay , Wakefield !
then step into your grave .
the door opens .
how unmercifully has he quizzed the poor woman !
well , a good night 's rest to Wakefield !
we will not follow our friend across the threshold .
a RILL FROM THE TOWN-PUMP .
I am at the head of the fire department and one of the physicians to the board of health .
as a keeper of the peace all water-drinkers will confess me equal to the constable .
here it is , gentlemen !
here is the good liquor !
walk up , walk up , gentlemen !
walk up , walk up !
here is the superior stuff !
walk up , gentlemen , walk up , and help yourselves !
it were a pity if all this outcry should draw no customers .
here they come .
welcome , most rubicund sir !
well , well , sir , no harm done , I hope ?
see how lightly he capers away again !
Jowler , did your worship ever have the gout ?
are you all satisfied ?
Endicott and his followers came next , and often knelt down to drink , dipping their long beards in the spring .
the richest goblet then was of birch-bark .
Governor Winthrop , after a journey afoot from Boston , drank here out of the hollow of his hand .
finally the fountain vanished also .
drink and be refreshed .
your pardon , good people !
no part of my business is pleasanter than the watering of cattle .
now they roll their quiet eyes around the brim of their monstrous drinking-vessel .
an ox is your true toper .
it is altogether for your good .
let us take a broader view of my beneficial influence on mankind .
in this mighty enterprise the cow shall be my great confederate .
then Disease , for lack of other victims , shall gnaw its own heart and die .
dry work , this speechifying , especially to an unpractised orator .
thank you , sir !
such monuments should be erected everywhere and inscribed with the names of the distinguished champions of my cause .
now , listen , for something very important is to come next .
I pray you , gentlemen , let this fault be amended .
trust me , they may .
and whenever I pour out that soul , it is to cool earth 's fever or cleanse its stains .
here comes a pretty young girl of my acquaintance with a large stone pitcher for me to fill .
hold out your vessel , my dear !
a MYSTERY OF THE WHITE MOUNTAINS .
near this miserable Seeker sat a little elderly personage wearing a high-crowned hat shaped somewhat like a crucible .
Certain it is that the poetry which flowed from him had a smack of all these dainties .
several related the circumstances that brought them thither .
here we are , I say , all bound on the same goodly enterprise .
what says our friend in the bearskin ?
Mine is the sole purpose for which a wise man may desire the possession of the Great Carbuncle .
I tell ye frankly , Sirs , I have an interest in keeping up the price .
but soon they were to be hidden from her eye .
her breath grew short .
at last she sank down on one of the rocky steps of the acclivity .
a ray of glory flashed across its surface .
for the simple pair had reached that lake of mystery and found the long-sought shrine of the Great Carbuncle .
but with their next glance they beheld an object that drew their attention even from the mighty stone .
it revived her , but could not renovate her courage .
the blessed sunshine and the quiet moonlight shall come through our window .
we will kindle the cheerful glow of our hearth at eventide and be happy in its light .
and for all these purposes the gem itself could not have answered better than the granite .
Matthew and his bride spent many peaceful years and were fond of telling the legend of the Great Carbuncle .
he talks Hebrew with Dr Mather and gives lectures in anatomy to Dr Boylston .
in a word , he will meet the best-instructed man among us on his own ground .
they say that he paints not merely a man 's features , but his mind and heart .
I know by my own experience how frightful a look may be .
but it was all fancy .
but he had been born and educated in Europe .
Art could add nothing to its lessons , but Nature might .
pictorial skill being so rare in the colonies , the painter became an object of general curiosity .
their admiration , it must be owned , was tinctured with the prejudices of the age and country .
these foolish fancies were more than half believed among the mob .
the day after the conversation above recorded they visited the painter 's rooms .
several of the portraits were known to them either as distinguished characters of the day or their private acquaintances .
their personal friends were recognized at a glance .
among these modern worthies there were two old bearded saints who had almost vanished into the darkening canvas .
oh , if all beauty would endure so well !
the easel stood beneath these three old pictures , sustaining one that had been recently commenced .
he was a middle-aged man with a countenance well worthy of his own pencil .
Walter Ludlow , who was slightly known to the painter , explained the object of their visit .
the artist was evidently struck .
two half-length portraits were therefore fixed upon .
at length he announced that at their next visit both the portraits would be ready for delivery .
but we forget them only because they vanish .
it is the idea of duration of earthly immortality that gives such a mysterious interest to our own portraits .
their eyes were immediately attracted to their portraits , which rested against the farthest wall of the room .
this was said while they were approaching and had yet gained only an imperfect view of the pictures .
the eyes are fixed on mine with a strangely sad and anxious expression .
Nay , it is grief and terror .
Walter glanced sidelong at his mistress , and started .
had she practised for whole hours before a mirror , she could not have caught the look so successfully .
while he was intent on these observations Elinor turned to the painter .
turning them over with seeming carelessness , a crayon sketch of two figures was disclosed .
I might change the action of these figures too .
he directed her notice to the sketch .
after the marriage of Walter and Elinor the pictures formed the two most splendid ornaments of their abode .
Walter Ludlow 's portrait attracted their earliest notice .
there was less diversity of opinion in regard to Elinor 's picture .
it was enough .
but he did not profane that scene by the mockery of his art .
he felt that the deep wisdom in his art which he had sought so far was found .
he had no aim , no pleasure , no sympathies , but what were ultimately connected with his art .
he could not recross the Atlantic till he had again beheld the originals of those airy pictures .
the innumerable forms that wander in nothingness start into being at thy beck .
Methinks it will never vanish .
he knocked .
he involuntarily paused on the threshold .
they had not perceived his approach .
that of Elinor had been almost prophetic .
a mixture of affright would now have made it the very expression of the portrait .
the painter seemed to hear the step of Destiny approaching behind him on its progress toward its victims .
a strange thought darted into his mind .
the picture , with all its tremendous coloring , was finished .
he stood like a magician controlling the phantoms which he had evoked .
is there not a deep moral in the tale ?
this idea may be illustrated by a page from the secret history of David Swan .
but we are to relate events which he did not dream of .
a linch-pin had fallen out and permitted one of the wheels to slide off .
yet Fortune was bending over him , just ready to let fall a burden of gold .
meanwhile , David Swan enjoyed his nap .
but there was peril near the sleeper .
the sting of a bee is sometimes deadly .
the girl was hardly out of sight when two men turned aside beneath the maple shade .
both had dark faces set off by cloth caps , which were drawn down aslant over their brows .
their dresses were shabby , yet had a certain smartness .
but , finding David asleep by the spring , one of the rogues whispered to his fellow :
the other villain nodded , winked and leered .
his companion thrust aside his waistcoat , pointed to the handle of a dirk and nodded .
he then lapped out of the fountain .
it was a flask of liquor with a block-tin tumbler screwed upon the mouth .
he started up with all his ideas about him .
SIGHTS FROM A STEEPLE .
I have climbed high , and my reward is small .
and yet I shiver at that cold and solitary thought .
what clouds are gathering in the golden west with direful intent against the brightness and the warmth of this summer afternoon ?
I will look on them no more .
Yonder is a fair street extending north and south .
certainly he has a pensive air .
is he in doubt or in debt ?
is he if the question be allowable in love ?
does he strive to be melancholy and gentlemanlike , or is he merely overcome by the heat ?
but I bid him farewell for the present .
they stand talking a little while upon the steps , and finally proceed up the street .
meantime , as their faces are now turned from me , I may look elsewhere .
at a little distance a group of gentlemen are assembled round the door of a warehouse .
I can even select the wealthiest of the company .
but I bestow too much of my attention in this quarter .
after a sort of shyness in the recognition , he turns back with them .
in two streets converging at right angles toward my watch-tower I distinguish three different processions .
and yet it stirs my heart .
there is now no doleful clang of the bell to proclaim sorrow to the town .
here is a proof that he retains his proper majesty .
the full of hope , the happy , the miserable and the desperate dwell together within the circle of my glance .
Lo ! the raindrops are descending .
all this is easy to be understood .
the large drops descend with force upon the slated roofs and rise again in smoke .
I will descend .
THE HOLLOW OF THE THREE HILLS .
but it was not so ordained .
she hesitated a moment , but the anxiety that had long been kindling burned fiercely up within her .
but those strangers appeared not to stand in the hollow depth between the three hills .
chains were rattling , fierce and stern voices uttered threats and the scourge resounded at their command .
again that evil woman began to weave her spell .
the lady shook upon her companion 's knees as she heard that boding sound .
THE TOLL-GATHERER'S DAY .
a SKETCH OF TRANSITORY LIFE .
if any mortal be favored with a lot analogous to this , it is the toll-gatherer .
as yet nature is but half awake , and familiar objects appear visionary .
the morn breathes upon them and blushes , and they forget how wearily the darkness toiled away .
while the world is rousing itself we may glance slightly at the scene of our sketch .
now the sun smiles upon the landscape and earth smiles back again upon the sky .
frequent now are the travellers .
luckless wight doomed through a whole summer day to be the butt of mirth and mischief among the frolicsome maidens !
the vinegar-faced traveller proves to be a manufacturer of pickles .
he is a country preacher going to labor at a protracted meeting .
the next object passing townward is a butcher 's cart canopied with its arch of snow-white cotton .
see , there , a man trundling a wheelbarrow-load of lobsters .
but methinks her blushing cheek burns through the snowy veil .
another white-robed virgin sits in front .
may the hot sun kindle no fever in your hearts !
in a close carriage sits a fragile figure muffled carefully and shrinking even from the mild breath of summer .
and now has Morning gathered up her dewy pearls and fled away .
the sun rolls blazing through the sky , and cannot find a cloud to cool his face with .
no air is stirring on the road .
nature dares draw no breath lest she should inhale a stifling cloud of dust .
meanwhile , on both sides of the chasm a throng of impatient travellers fret and fume .
and what are the haughtiest of us but the ephemeral aristocrats of a summer 's day ?
what miracle shall set all things right again ?
the sage old man !
strollers come from the town to quaff the freshening breeze .
THE VISION OF THE FOUNTAIN .
at fifteen I became a resident in a country village more than a hundred miles from home .
one solitary sunbeam found its way down and played like a goldfish in the water .
from my childhood I have loved to gaze into a spring .
wherever she laid her hands on grass and flowers , they would immediately be moist , as with morning dew .
they were the reflection of my own .
had it passed away or faded into nothing ?
Deep were my musings as to the race and attributes of that ethereal being .
had I created her ?
I watched and waited , but no vision came again .
there was the water gushing , the sand sparkling and the sunbeam glimmering .
Methought he had a devilish look .
I could have slain him as an enchanter who kept the mysterious beauty imprisoned in the fountain .
Sad and heavy , I was returning to the village .
I was admiring the picture when the shape of a young girl emerged from behind the clump of oaks .
how could I ever reach her ?
while I gazed a sudden shower came pattering down upon the leaves .
a rainbow vivid as Niagara 's was painted in the air .
was her existence absorbed in nature 's loveliest phenomenon , and did her pure frame dissolve away in the varied light ?
in the middle of January I was summoned home .
a gust of wind blew out my lamp as I passed through the entry .
I noticed that there was less room than usual to-night between the collegian's chair and mine .
nothing broke the stillness but the regular click of the matron 's knitting-needles .
were we not like ghosts ?
had I ever heard that sweet , low tone ?
she knew me .
if I transformed her to an angel , it is what every youthful lover does for his mistress .
what is guilt ?
if this be true , it is a fearful truth .
let us illustrate the subject by an imaginary example .
wine will not always cheer him .
but Mr Smith had a shrewd idea that it was Conscience .
he was the personification of triumphant scorn .
Mr Smith was scandalized .
though not a death-blow , the torture was extreme .
the exhibition proceeded .
the murdered youth wore the features of Edward Spencer .
neither I nor any other ever murdered him .
the pain was quite excruciating .
it was not altogether inapplicable to the misty scene .
even then , however , he sustained an ugly gash .
why should we follow Fancy through the whole series of those awful pictures ?
yet his heart still seemed to fester with the venom of the dagger .
were we to take up his cause , it should be somewhat in the following fashion .
be it considered , also , that men often overestimate their capacity for evil .
they knew not what deed it was that they deemed themselves resolved to do .
yet , with the slight fancy-work which we have framed , some sad and awful truths are interwoven .
DR . HEIDEGGER'S EXPERIMENT .
that very singular man old Dr Heidegger once invited four venerable friends to meet him in his study .
if all stories were true , Dr Heidegger 's study must have been a very curious place .
it was a dim , old-fashioned chamber festooned with cobwebs and besprinkled with antique dust .
there were no letters on the back , and nobody could tell the title of the book .
four champagne-glasses were also on the table .
five and fifty years it has been treasured between the leaves of this old volume .
he uncovered the vase and threw the faded rose into the water which it contained .
at first it lay lightly on the surface of the fluid , appearing to imbibe none of its moisture .
soon , however , a singular change began to be visible .
while he spoke Dr Heidegger had been filling the four champagne-glasses with the water of the Fountain of Youth .
but Dr Heidegger besought them to stay a moment .
with palsied hands they raised the glasses to their lips .
they drank off the water and replaced their glasses on the table .
the widow Wycherly adjusted her cap , for she felt almost like a woman again .
was it delusion ?
at last , turning briskly away , she came with a sort of dancing step to the table .
they were now in the happy prime of youth .
they felt like new-created beings in a new-created universe .
youth , like the extremity of age , had effaced the strongly-marked characteristics of middle life and mutually assimilated them all .
they were a group of merry youngsters almost maddened with the exuberant frolicsomeness of their years .
then all shouted mirthfully and leaped about the room .
they all gathered round her .
never was there a livelier picture of youthful rivalship , with bewitching beauty for the prize .
but they were young : their burning passions proved them so .
still keeping hold of the fair prize , they grappled fiercely at one another 's throats .
the insect fluttered lightly through the chamber and settled on the snowy head of Dr Heidegger .
and so it was .
he shook off the few drops of moisture which clung to its petals .
while he spoke the butterfly fluttered down from the doctor 's snowy head and fell upon the floor .
his guests shivered again .
was it an illusion ?
in truth , they had .
yes , they were old again .
but the doctor 's four friends had taught no such lesson to themselves .
LEGENDS OF THE PROVINCE-HOUSE .
EDWARD RANDOLPH'S PORTRAIT .
LADY ELEANORE'S MANTLE .
OLD ESTHER DUDLEY .
the cupola is an octagon with several windows , and a door opening upon the roof .
the portion of his talk which chiefly interested me was the outline of the following legend .
another group of characters had now partly descended the staircase .
the first was a venerable and white-bearded patriarch who cautiously felt his way downward with a staff .
but we talk of these figures .
may many of his countrymen rise as high from as low an origin !
several other figures were now seen at the turn of the staircase .
a wild and dreary burst of music came through the open door .
but Sir William Howe had evidently seen enough .
however this might be , such knowledge has never become general .
EDWARD RANDOLPH'S PORTRAIT .
the wintry blast had the same shriek that was familiar to their ears .
yet his voice had something peculiar in its tones when he undertook the explanation of the mystery .
captain Lincoln , it is decided : the fortress of Castle William must be occupied by the royal troops .
the two remaining regiments shall be billeted in the town or encamped upon the Common .
do not convert the streets of your native town into a camp .
your presence also will be required .
as he held the door for her to pass Alice beckoned to the picture and smiled .
looking angrily up , he perceived that his young relative was pointing his finger to the opposite wall .
beneath this cloud the eyes had a peculiar glare which was almost lifelike .
the torture of the soul had come forth upon the countenance .
then , it is said , he shuddered , as if that signature had granted away his salvation .
did his broken spirit feel at that dread hour the tremendous burden of a people 's curse ?
it is as if the echoes of half a century were revived .
LADY ELEANORE'S MANTLE .
in another paper of this series I may perhaps give the reader a closer glimpse of his portrait .
peace to his red-nosed ghost and a libation to his memory !
but the governor 's stately approach was anticipated in a manner that excited general astonishment .
not many days afterward the governor gave a ball in honor of Lady Eleanore Rochcliffe .
gradually , Lady Eleanore Rochcliffe 's circle grew smaller , till only four gentlemen remained in it .
woe to those who shall be smitten by this beautiful Lady Eleanore !
this dark tale , whispered at first , was now bruited far and wide .
thus man doth ever to his tyrants .
approach , then .
a remarkable uncertainty broods over that unhappy lady 's fate .
OLD ESTHER DUDLEY .
finally he poured forth a great fluency of speech .
at the pathetic passages of his narrative he readily melted into tears .
the tremulous voice of a woman replied to his exclamation .
the province which the king entrusted to my charge is lost .
and did she dwell there in utter loneliness ?
yet Esther Dudley 's most frequent and favored guests were the children of the town .
toward them she was never stern .
her wrinkled visage actually gleamed with triumph , as if the soul within her were a festal lamp .
she turned the key , withdrew it from the lock , unclosed the door and stepped across the threshold .
as he approached she involuntarily sank down on her knees and tremblingly held forth the heavy key .
but he comes too late .
thank Heaven for this blessed hour !
ceasing to model ourselves on ancestral superstitions , it is our faith and principle to press onward onward .
the key of the province-house fell from her grasp and clanked against the stone .
many a governor had heard those midnight accents and longed to exchange his stately cares for slumber .
THE HAUNTED MIND .
the distant sound of a church-clock is borne faintly on the wind .
if you could choose an hour of wakefulness out of the whole night , it would be this .
yesterday has already vanished among the shadows of the past ; to-morrow has not yet emerged from the future .
there will be time enough to trace out the analogy while waiting the summons to breakfast .
you may almost distinguish the figures on the clock that has just told the hour .
it is too cold even for the thoughts to venture abroad .
ah ! that idea has brought a hideous one in its train .
that gloomy thought will collect a gloomy multitude and throw its complexion over your wakeful hour .
it is too late .
do you remember any act of enormous folly at which you would blush even in the remotest cavern of the earth ?
then recognize your shame .
pass , wretched band !
your eye searches for whatever may remind you of the living world .
throughout the chamber there is the same obscurity as before , but not the same gloom within your breast .
it is the knell of a temporary death .
THE VILLAGE UNCLE .
AN IMAGINARY RETROSPECT .
there is a dimness over your figures .
to judge by my recollections , it is but a few moments since I sat in another room .
but it was paler than my rugged old self , and younger , too , by almost half a century .
thank Heaven I am an old man now and have done with all such vanities !
still this dimness of mine eyes !
come nearer , Susan , and stand before the fullest blaze of the hearth .
there ! you made me tremble again .
do you remember it ?
you stood on the little bridge over the brook that runs across King 's Beach into the sea .
the village was picturesque in the variety of its edifices , though all were rude .
two grocery stores stood opposite each other in the centre of the village .
the very air was fishy , being perfumed with dead sculpins , hard-heads and dogfish strewn plentifully on the beach .
you see , children , the village is but little changed since your mother and I were young .
in the autumn I toled and caught those lovely fish the mackerel .
even now I seem to see the group of fishermen with that old salt in the midst .
they are a likely set of men .
be it well with you , my brethren !
but where was the mermaid in those delightful times ?
a few freckles became beauty-spots beneath her eyelids .
Nature wrought the charm .
it was beautiful to observe how her simple and happy nature mingled itself with mine .
she gave me warmth of feeling , while the influence of my mind made her contemplative .
except the almanac , we had no other literature .
in truth , I dreaded him .
I feared to trust them even with the alphabet : it was the key to a fatal treasure .
with a broken voice I give utterance to much wisdom .
but with me the verdure and the flowers are not frost-bitten in the midst of winter .
for I launch my boat no more .
for I am a patriarch .
will you meet me there ?
THE AMBITIOUS GUEST .
up the chimney roared the fire , and brightened the room with its broad blaze .
for a moment it saddened them , though there was nothing unusual in the tones .
though they dwelt in such a solitude , these people held daily converse with the world .
the stage-coach always drew up before the door of the cottage .
the door was opened by a young man .
one glance and smile placed the stranger on a footing of innocent familiarity with the eldest daughter .
the family held their breath , because they knew the sound , and their guest held his by instinct .
and thus it should have been .
the secret of the young man 's character was a high and abstracted ambition .
but I cannot die till I have achieved my destiny .
with quick sensibility of the ludicrous , he blushed at the ardor into which he had been betrayed .
they listened accordingly .
at length a little boy , instead of addressing his brothers and sisters , called out to his mother .
the boy had hardly spoken , when a wagon rattled along the road and stopped a moment before the door .
it forced its way , in spite of a little struggle to repress it .
the stranger asked what she had been thinking of .
there was a wail along the road as if a funeral were passing .
the light hovered about them fondly and caressed them all .
but this evening an old superstition had strangely recurred to her .
the bare thought made her nervous .
alas ! they had quitted their security and fled right into the pathway of destruction .
down came the whole side of the mountain in a cataract of ruin .
their bodies were never found .
the next morning the light smoke was seen stealing from the cottage chimney up the mountain-side .
who has not heard their name ?
the story has been told far and wide , and will for ever be a legend of these mountains .
poets have sung their fate .
she was evidently a stranger , and perhaps had come to town by the evening train of cars .
old Salem now wears a much livelier expression than when I first beheld her .
strangers rumble down from Boston by hundreds at a time .
Railroad-hacks and omnibuses rattle over the pavements .
there is a perceptible increase of oyster-shops and other establishments for the accommodation of a transitory diurnal multitude .
but a more important change awaits the venerable town .
an immense accumulation of musty prejudices will be carried off by the free circulation of society .
wherever there was a knot of midnight roisterers , they quaffed her health .
the cloud-spirits are slowly weaving her white mantle .
we likewise shall lose sight of our mother 's familiar visage , and must content ourselves with looking heavenward the oftener .
in our brief summer I do not think , but only exist in the vague enjoyment of a dream .
now look we forth again and see how much of his task the storm-spirit has done .
Slow and sure !
this is a sad time for the shrubs that do not perish with the summer .
very sad are the flower-shrubs in midwinter .
it is a snow-battle of schoolboys .
what pitched battles worthy to be chanted in Homeric strains !
what storming of fortresses built all of massive snow-blocks !
what feats of individual prowess and embodied onsets of martial enthusiasm !
who reared it ?
how does Winter herald his approach ?
it is stern Winter 's vesture .
on the window-sill there is a layer of snow reaching halfway up the lowest pane of glass .
the garden is one unbroken bed .
but what dismal equipage now struggles along the uneven street ?
a sable hearse bestrewn with snow is bearing a dead man through the storm to his frozen bed .
evening the early eve of December begins to spread its deepening veil over the comfortless scene .
where do they build their nests and seek their food ?
THE SEVEN VAGABONDS .
two horses munching provender out of the baskets which muzzled them were fastened near the vehicle .
indeed , his stock required some considerable powers of commendation in the salesman .
the literary-man now evinced a great kindness for me , and I ventured to inquire which way he was travelling .
when we had travelled through the vast extent of the mahogany box , I looked into my guide 's face .
wherever there is mirth our merry hearts are drawn to it .
blessed pair , whose happy home was throughout all the earth !
here let me have credit for a sober fact .
my reflections were here interrupted .
it was a red Indian armed with his bow and arrow .
this son of the wilderness and pilgrim of the storm took his place silently in the midst of us .
the Indian had not long been seated ere our merry damsel sought to draw him into conversation .
at length she inquired whether his journey had any particular end or purpose .
I started .
every honest man should have his livelihood .
dreading a rejection , I solicited the interest of the merry damsel .
he is never guilty of a sad thought but a merry one is twin-born with it .
the young foreigner flourished his fiddle-bow with a master 's hand , and gave an inspiring echo to the showman's melody .
casting our eyes northward , we beheld a horseman approaching leisurely and splashing through the little puddle on the Stamford road .
So saying , the Methodist minister switched his steed and rode westward .
THE WHITE OLD MAID .
yes , it was a corpse in its burial-clothes .
suddenly the fixed features seemed to move with dark emotion .
still an illusion .
a creature of hope and joy , the first draught of sorrow had bewildered her .
lifting his torch on high , the slave lighted her down the staircase and undid the portal of the mansion .
she dwelt alone , and never came into the daylight except to follow funerals .
evil was the omen to that marriage .
her blessing was better than a holy verse upon the tombstone .
the scene was cheerful and animated in spite of the sombre shade between the high brick buildings .
what a comet is to the earth was that sad woman to the town .
it was a long , loose robe of spotless purity .
but again she lifted the hammer , and gave , this time , a single rap .
the bar fell on the inside ; the door was opened .
there was something awful in the heavy rumbling of the wheels .
she passed up the steps , leaning on a gold-headed cane .
these graphic reminiscences seemed to call up the ghosts of those to whom they referred .
but when possessed of the facts , his energies assumed unexpected vigor .
behold , then , the venerable clergyman ascending the steps of the mansion with a torch-bearer behind him .
like their predecessors , they gave three raps with the iron hammer .
of a truth , I saw the shades of many that are gone .
on their right hand was the open door of a chamber , and a closed one on their left .
the clergyman pointed his cane to the carved oak panel of the latter .
it was sufficient to discover all that could be known .
but it was only the shadow of a tattered curtain waving betwixt the dead face and the moonlight .
PETER GOLDTHWAITE'S TREASURE .
no , Peter , they beckoned , for the scarecrows knew their brother .
Peter 's person was in keeping with his goodly apparel .
he raised his hand , clenched it and smote it energetically against the smoky panel over the fireplace .
hearing him threaten to tear the house down , she looked quietly up from her work .
but now was the crisis .
Gorgeous that night were the dreams of Peter Goldthwaite .
but the house , without losing its former aspect , had been changed into a palace of the precious metals .
a moralizer might find abundant themes for his speculative and impracticable wisdom in a garret .
he found old moth-eaten garments , all in rags and tatters , or Peter would have put them on .
this , however , he had unaccountably forgotten .
it was his nature to be always young , and the tendency of his mode of life to keep him so .
at the kindling of each new fire his burnt-out youth rose afresh from the old embers and ashes .
what heart could resist him ?
Happy Peter Goldthwaite !
this was always heaped plentifully with the rubbish of his day 's labor .
but methinks he might have invested the money better than he did .
but it was not an old woman 's legend that would discourage Peter Goldthwaite .
how enviable is the consciousness of being usefully employed !
days and weeks passed on , however , without any remarkable discovery .
the furniture was gone .
it contained nothing but a brass lamp covered with verdigris , and a dusty piece of parchment .
while Peter inspected the latter , Tabitha seized the lamp and began to rub it with her apron .
no ; this is old Peter Goldthwaite 's writing .
but the ink has either faded or peeled off , so that it is absolutely illegible .
for the present Peter felt more inclined to ponder on this discovery than to resume his labors .
the air , though mild , and even warm , thrilled Peter as with a dash of water .
Peter Goldthwaite had exposed himself to this influence by merely looking out of the window .
but this was momentary .
another singular discovery was that of a bottle of wine walled up in an old oven .
Peter needed no cordial to sustain his hopes , and therefore kept the wine to gladden his success .
we will not follow him in his triumphant progress step by step .
and Peter was the mouse .
it was an admirable parallel to the feat of the man who jumped down his own throat .
this fated evening was an ugly one .
it reminded him of his golden dream .
he then filled two little china teacups which Tabitha had brought from the cupboard .
its rich and delicate perfume wasted itself round the kitchen .
until they have finished the bottle we must turn our eyes elsewhere .
the strength of the impulse was really singular .
there seemed little hope of his reappearance earlier than the next thaw .
he therefore entered without ceremony , and groped his way to the kitchen .
his intrusion even there was unnoticed .
Peter Goldthwaite was inserting a key into the lock .
the gold ! the bright , bright gold !
Methinks I can remember my last glance at it just as the iron-plated lid fell down .
no sudden blaze illuminated the kitchen .
bills of a thousand pounds were intermixed with parchment pennies , and worth no more than they .
he went mad upon the strength of it .
CHIPPINGS WITH A CHISEL .
gravestones , therefore , have generally been an article of imported merchandise .
her sighs had been the breath of Heaven to her soul .
after her departure I remarked that the symbol was none of the most apt .
the link is already strong enough ; it needs no visible symbol .
then would she mark out the grave the scent of which would be perceptible on the pillow of the second bridal ?
I was impressed with the different nature of their feelings for the dead .
perchance her consciousness was truer than her reflection ; perchance her dead sister was a closer companion than in life .
she makes the epitaph anew , though the selfsame words may have served for a thousand graves .
it was not seldom that ludicrous images were excited by what took place between Mr Wigglesworth and his customers .
he expressed a purpose of being buried side by side with his enemy .
every gravestone that you ever made is the visible symbol of a mistaken system .
THE SHAKER BRIDAL .
at his footstool stood a man and woman , both clad in the Shaker garb .
still , they had held fast their mutual faith .
he sought an interview with Martha and proposed that they should join the Society of Shakers .
Martha , faithful still , had placed her hand in that of her lover and accompanied him to the Shaker village .
their faith and feelings had in some degree become assimilated to those of their fellow-worshippers .
Martha was not less distinguished in the duties proper to her sex .
they were to be the father and mother of the village .
even my wishes of worldly success were almost dead within me .
we are brother and sister , nor would I have it otherwise .
and in this peaceful village I have found all that I hope for all that I desire .
my conscience is not doubtful in this matter .
Martha started and moved her lips as if she would have made a formal reply to this appeal .
they had overcome their natural sympathy with human frailties and affections .
old Father Ephraim was the most awful character of all .
but , perceiving that the elders eyed her doubtfully , she gasped for breath and again spoke .
they did so .
teach unto others the faith which ye have received .
BENEATH AN UMBRELLA .
Pleasant is a rainy winter 's day within-doors .
in my own case poor human nature may be allowed a few misgivings .
with their tears upon my cheek I turn my eyes earthward , but find little consolation here below .
should I flounder into its depths , farewell to upper earth !
but this is a lonesome and dreary spot .
here they amuse themselves with lesser freaks of mischief .
the wet sidewalks gleam with a broad sheet of red light .
the raindrops glitter as if the sky were pouring down rubies .
the spouts gush with fire .
the blast will put in its word among their hoarse voices , and be understood by all of them .
see that little vagabond !
they have stood a test which proves too strong for many .
ye cannot damp the enjoyment of that fireside .
peace , murmurer !
will she ever feel the night-wind and the rain ?
and will Death and Sorrow ever enter that proud mansion ?
onward , still onward , I plunge into the night .
he passes fearlessly into the unknown gloom , whither I will not follow him .
ENDICOTT AND THE RED CROSS .
since the first settlement of New England its prospects had never been so dismal .
this piece of armor was so highly polished that the whole surrounding scene had its image in the glittering steel .
the blood was still plashing on the doorstep .
side by side on the meeting-house steps stood a male and a female figure .
his aspect showed no lack of zeal to maintain his heterodoxies even at the stake .
and even her own children knew what that initial signified .
a few stately savages in all the pomp and dignity of the primeval Indian stood gazing at the spectacle .
the broad seal was impressed with Winthrop 's coat-of-arms .
soldiers , wheel into a hollow square .
Ho , good people !
a few taps of the drum gave signal for silence and attention .
the stubborn roots of the trees break our ploughshares when we would till the earth .
our children cry for bread , and we must dig in the sands of the seashore to satisfy them .
was it not for the enjoyment of our civil rights ?
it was the wanton gospeller .
but what think ye now ?
we shall hear the sacring-bell and the voices of the Romish priests saying the mass .
who shall enslave us here ?
what have we to do with this mitred prelate with this crowned king ?
he then waved the tattered ensign above his head .
THE LILY'S QUEST .
what a contrast between the young pilgrims of bliss and their unbidden associate !
there were vistas and pathways leading onward and onward into the green woodlands and vanishing away in the glimmering shade .
under this type Adam Forrester and Lilias saw that the old man spake of sorrow .
and were the Lily and her lover to be more fortunate than all those millions ?
with his farewell glance a shadow had fallen over the portal , and Lilias was invisible .
FOOTPRINTS ON THE SEASHORE .
surely here is enough to feed a human spirit for a single day .
farewell , then , busy world !
I descend over its margin and dip my hand into the wave that meets me , and bathe my brow .
that far-resounding roar is Ocean 's voice of welcome .
his salt breath brings a blessing along with it .
along the whole of this extensive beach gambols the surf-wave .
the sea was each little bird 's great playmate .
but they floated as lightly as one of their own feathers on the breaking crest .
in their airy flutterings they seemed to rest on the evanescent spray .
here we seized a live horseshoe by the tail , and counted the many claws of that queer monster .
here we dug into the sand for pebbles , and skipped them upon the surface of the water .
such glances always make us wiser .
this extensive beach affords room for another pleasant pastime .
Child's-play becomes magnificent on so grand a scale .
but , after all , the most fascinating employment is simply to write your name in the sand .
statesmen and warriors and poets have spent their strength in no better cause than this .
is it accomplished ?
hark ! the surf-wave laughs at you .
the rocks rise in every variety of attitude .
pass on and leave it unexplained .
they heap the chasm with a snow-drift of foam and spray .
many interesting discoveries may be made among these broken cliffs .
some leviathan of former ages had used this ponderous mass as a jaw-bone .
these , these are the warm realities of those three visionary shapes that flitted from me on the beach .
they have not seen me .
I must shrink behind this rock and steal away again .
I would do battle for it even with the churl that should produce the title-deeds .
have not my musings melted into its rocky walls and sandy floor and made them a portion of myself ?
a rill of water trickles down the cliff and fills a little cistern near the base .
I drain it at a draught , and find it fresh and pure .
this recess shall be my dining-hall .
of what mysteries is it telling ?
of sunken ships and whereabouts they lie ?
Methinks I could find a thousand arguments against it .
be silent , my good friend !
let us keep each other 's secrets .
this is a dismal place in some moods of the mind .
there lies my shadow in the departing sunshine with its head upon the sea .
I will pelt it with pebbles .
a hit ! a hit !
I clap my hands in triumph , and see my shadow clapping its unreal hands and claiming the triumph for itself .
it is time to hasten home .
it is time that I were hence .
I shall think my own thoughts and feel my own emotions and possess my individuality unviolated .
the three visionary girls are likewise there .
can I decline ?
EDWARD FANE'S ROSEBUD .
now she sips , now stirs , now sips again .
get you gone , Age and Widowhood !
come back , unwedded Youth !
but , alas ! the charm will not work .
these early lovers thought to have walked hand in hand through life .
she was but three years old .
but when the sods were laid on little Mary , the heart of Rose was troubled .
the rosebud was destined never to bloom for Edward Fane .
his mother was a rich and haughty dame with all the aristocratic prejudices of colonial times .
the lovers parted , and have seldom met again .
he was all she had to love ; there were no children .
we must pardon his pretty wife if she sometimes blushed to own him .
his mind was palsied with his body ; its utmost energy was peevishness .
but Rose was with him in the tomb .
she never failed in a wife 's duty to her poor sick husband .
so now the Rosebud was the widow Toothaker .
but the widow Toothaker had no such projects .
when the palsied old man was gone , even her early lover could not have supplied his place .
she missed the fragrance of the doctor 's stuff .
she walked the chamber with a noiseless footfall .
at length she recognized her destiny .
she remembers when the small-pox hoisted a red banner on almost every house along the street .
an awful woman !
she is the patron-saint of young physicians and the bosom-friend of old ones .
she is an awful woman .
does any germ of bliss survive within her ?
hark ! an eager knocking st Nurse Toothaker 's door .
and has he sent for me at last ?
I am ready .
I will get on my cloak and begone .
our question is answered .
there is a germ of bliss within her .
in some happier clime the Rosebud may revive again with all the dewdrops in its bosom .
THE THREEFOLD DESTINY .
a FARY LEGEND .
and had he found them ?
few seemed to be the changes here .
but his heart grew cold because the village did not remember him as he remembered the village .
it was Ralph Cranfield 's mother .
at length they reached her gate and undid the latch .
every crook in the pathway was remembered .
even the more transitory characteristics of the scene were the same as in by-gone days .
a company of cows were grazing on the grassy roadside , and refreshed him with their fragrant breath .
the round little figure of a child rolled from a doorway and lay laughing almost beneath Cranfield 's feet .
he bent his head and passed through the lowly door .
it was precisely on the pattern of that worn by the visionary maid .
yes , the wild dreamer was awake at last .
chapter @number@ PETER BREAKS THROUGH
chapter @number@ THE SHADOW
chapter @number@ COME AWAY , COME AWAY !
chapter @number@ THE FLIGHT
chapter @number@ THE ISLAND COME TRUE
chapter @number@ THE LITTLE HOUSE
chapter @number@ THE HOME UNDER THE GROUND
chapter @number@ THE MERMAID'S LAGOON
chapter @number@ THE NEVER BIRD
chapter @number@ THE HAPPY HOME
chapter @number@ WENDY'S STORY
chapter @number@ THE CHILDREN ARE CARRIED OFF
chapter @number@ DO YOU BELIEVE IN FAIRIES ?
chapter @number@ THE PIRATE SHIP
chapter @number@ THE RETURN HOME
chapter @number@ PETER BREAKS THROUGH
all children , except one , grow up .
they soon know that they will grow up , and the way Wendy knew was this .
you always know after you are two .
she was a lovely lady , with a romantic mind and such a sweet mocking mouth .
he got all of her , except the innermost box and the kiss .
he never knew about the box , and in time he gave up trying for the kiss .
he was one of those deep ones who know about stocks and shares .
she drew them when she should have been totting up .
they were Mrs Darling 's guesses .
but she was prejudiced in Wendy 's favour , and he was really the grander character of the two .
she proved to be quite a treasure of a nurse .
of course her kennel was in the nursery .
there is a room in the basement of Miss Fulsom 's school where the nurses wait .
they sat on forms , while Nana lay on the floor , but that was the only difference .
he had his position in the city to consider .
Nana also troubled him in another way .
he had sometimes a feeling that she did not admire him .
the gaiety of those romps !
there never was a simpler happier family until the coming of Peter Pan .
Mrs Darling first heard of Peter when she was tidying up her children 's minds .
it is quite like tidying up drawers .
I don't know whether you have ever seen a map of a person 's mind .
of course the Neverlands vary a good deal .
that is why there are night-lights .
her mother had been questioning her .
but it would not blow over and soon the troublesome boy gave Mrs Darling quite a shock .
children have the strangest adventures without being troubled by them .
it was in this casual way that Wendy one morning made a disquieting revelation .
she was a tidy child .
unfortunately she never woke , so she didn't know how she knew , she just knew .
it was quite true ; the leaves had been found very near the window .
she was in a hurry to get her breakfast .
oh , surely she must have been dreaming .
but , on the other hand , there were the leaves .
she crawled about the floor , peering at it with a candle for marks of a strange foot .
she rattled the poker up the chimney and tapped the walls .
certainly Wendy had been dreaming .
on the night we speak of all the children were once more in bed .
it was something for Michael , who on his birthday was getting into shirts .
she was asleep .
look at the four of them , Wendy and Michael over there , John here , and Mrs Darling by the fire .
there should have been a fourth night-light .
while she slept she had a dream .
perhaps he is to be found in the faces of some mothers also .
when he saw she was a grown-up , he gnashed the little pearls at her .
chapter @number@ THE SHADOW
she growled and sprang at the boy , who leapt lightly through the window .
Nana had no doubt of what was the best thing to do with this shadow .
the opportunity came a week later , on that never-to-be-forgotten Friday .
I , George Darling , did it .
he had had a classical education .
Many a time it was Mr Darling who put the handkerchief to Nana 's eyes .
Nana , it isn't six o'clock yet .
oh dear , oh dear , I shan't love you any more , Nana .
then Mrs Darling had come in , wearing her white evening-gown .
she was wearing Wendy 's bracelet on her arm ; she had asked for the loan of it .
Wendy loved to lend her bracelet to her mother .
Michael had nearly cried .
then he had leapt into her arms .
they go on with their recollections .
Mr Darling would say , scorning himself ; and indeed he had been like a tornado .
perhaps there was some excuse for him .
this was such an occasion .
he came rushing into the nursery with the crumpled little brute of a tie in his hand .
he became dangerously sarcastic .
round the bed-post !
even then Mrs Darling was placid .
Mr Darling groaned .
it was an opportunity , his wife felt , for telling him about the boy .
at first he pooh-poohed the story , but he became thoughtful when she showed him the shadow .
strong man though he was , there is no doubt that he had behaved rather foolishly over the medicine .
Michael cried naughtily .
immediately his spirits sank in the strangest way .
Wendy was quite puzzled .
his proud heart was nearly bursting .
Wendy had a splendid idea .
Mr Darling demanded .
Nana wagged her tail , ran to the medicine , and began lapping it .
Mr Darling was frightfully ashamed of himself , but he would not give in .
and still Wendy hugged Nana .
nobody coddles me .
oh dear no !
somehow they had got into the way of calling Liza the servants .
he felt he was a strong man again .
alas , he would not listen .
he was ashamed of himself , and yet he did it .
it was all owing to his too affectionate nature , which craved for admiration .
in the meantime Mrs Darling had put the children to bed in unwonted silence and lit their night-lights .
Mrs Darling quivered and went to the window .
it was securely fastened .
she looked out , and the night was peppered with stars .
they were the last words she was to hear from him for a long time .
they were already the only persons in the street , and all the stars were watching them .
chapter @number@ COME AWAY , COME AWAY !
it is the fairy language .
Tink said that the shadow was in the big box .
he tried to stick it on with soap from the bathroom , but that also failed .
a shudder passed through Peter , and he sat on the floor and cried .
his sobs woke Wendy , and she sat up in bed .
she was much pleased , and bowed beautifully to him from the bed .
he felt for the first time that it was a shortish name .
she asked where he lived .
Peter had a sinking .
for the first time he felt that perhaps it was a funny address .
he wished she had not mentioned letters .
he thought them very over-rated persons .
Wendy , however , felt at once that she was in the presence of a tragedy .
fortunately she knew at once what to do .
but she was exulting in his ignorance .
alas , he had already forgotten that he owed his bliss to Wendy .
he thought he had attached the shadow himself .
it is humiliating to have to confess that this conceit of Peter was one of his most fascinating qualities .
to put it with brutal frankness , there never was a cockier boy .
but for the moment Wendy was shocked .
still she would not look up , though she was listening eagerly .
it was lucky that she did put it on that chain , for it was afterwards to save her life .
he was extraordinarily agitated now .
still , he liked them on the whole , and he told her about the beginning of fairies .
Tedious talk this , but being a stay-at-home she liked it .
Wendy 's heart went flutter with a sudden thrill .
the sound came from the chest of drawers , and Peter made a merry face .
he had his first laugh still .
he let poor Tink out of the drawer , and she flew about the nursery screaming with fury .
Wendy was not listening to him .
he had to translate .
he tried to argue with Tink .
they were together in the armchair by this time , and Wendy plied him with more questions .
if they are not claimed in seven days they are sent far away to the Neverland to defray expenses .
this flattered Wendy immensely .
for reply Peter rose and kicked John out of bed , blankets and all ; one kick .
however , John continued to sleep so placidly on the floor that she allowed him to remain there .
for the moment she had forgotten his ignorance about kisses .
she kissed him .
Peter thimbled her , and almost immediately she screeched .
and indeed Tink was darting about again , using offensive language .
it is to listen to the stories .
he had become frightfully cunning .
she was wriggling her body in distress .
but he had no pity for her .
how could she resist .
John rubbed his eyes .
of course he was on the floor already .
their faces assumed the awful craftiness of children listening for sounds from the grown-up world .
all was as still as salt .
then everything was right .
no , stop !
everything was wrong .
it was her silence they had heard .
they were really doing it artfully from behind the window curtains .
here Michael , encouraged by his success , breathed so loudly that they were nearly detected .
Nana knew that kind of breathing , and she tried to drag herself out of Liza 's clutches .
but Liza was dense .
she tied the unhappy dog up again , but do you think Nana ceased to bark ?
bring master and missus home from the party !
why , that was just what she wanted .
do you think she cared whether she was whipped so long as her charges were safe ?
we now return to the nursery .
instead of troubling to answer him Peter flew around the room , taking the mantelpiece on the way .
he was quite a practical boy .
he showed them again .
they were all on their beds , and gallant Michael let go first .
John let go and met Wendy near the bathroom .
Peter gave Wendy a hand at first , but had to desist , Tink was so indignant .
up and down they went , and round and round .
Heavenly was Wendy 's word .
of course it was to this that Peter had been luring them .
Michael was ready : he wanted to see how long it took him to do a billion miles .
but Wendy hesitated .
in a tremble they opened the street door .
Mr Darling would have rushed upstairs , but Mrs Darling signed him to go softly .
she even tried to make her heart go softly .
will they reach the nursery in time ?
then Peter knew that there was not a moment to lose .
the birds were flown .
chapter @number@ THE FLIGHT
Peter , you see , just said anything that came into his head .
they were flying over the sea before this thought began to disturb Wendy seriously .
John thought it was their second sea and their third night .
this was true , Peter had forgotten to show them how to stop .
indeed they were constantly bumping .
if Nana had been with them , she would have had a bandage round Michael 's forehead by this time .
Peter was not with them for the moment , and they felt rather lonely up there by themselves .
it was really rather irritating to children who had never seen a mermaid .
Wendy was sure of it .
he was very sorry .
of course this was rather unsatisfactory .
it is only thus that any one may sight those magic shores .
Wendy and John and Michael stood on tip-toe in the air to get their first sight of the island .
it came as the arrows went , leaving the island in gloom .
they had been flying apart , but they huddled close to Peter now .
they were now over the fearsome island , flying so low that sometimes a tree grazed their feet .
sometimes they hung in the air until Peter had beaten on it with his fists .
Wendy whispered , shuddering .
Tinker Bell had been asleep on his shoulder , but now he wakened her and sent her on in front .
having done these things , he went on again .
his courage was almost appalling .
Peter spoke indignantly .
I would wake him first , and then kill him .
John paled .
Wendy quite liked it , until Peter pointed out the drawbacks .
for a moment the circle of light was broken , and something gave Peter a loving little pinch .
that is about the only thing fairies can't do .
he had a happy idea .
John 's hat !
John carried it , though she had hoped to be carried by Peter .
in the black topper the light was completely hidden , and they flew on in silence .
even these noises ceased .
to Michael the loneliness was dreadful .
the pirates had fired Long Tom at them .
when at last the heavens were steady again , John and Michael found themselves alone in the darkness .
John was treading the air mechanically , and Michael without knowing how to float was floating .
John whispered tremulously .
we know now that no one had been hit .
it would have been well for Wendy if at that moment she had dropped the hat .
they are , however , allowed to change , only it must be a complete change .
at present she was full of jealousy of Wendy .
what else could poor Wendy do ?
chapter @number@ THE ISLAND COME TRUE
feeling that Peter was on his way back , the Neverland had again woke into life .
in his absence things are usually quiet on the island .
they have therefore become very sure-footed .
poor kind Tootles , there is danger in the air for you to-night .
as dogs this terrible man treated and addressed them , and as dogs they obeyed him .
but undoubtedly the grimmest part of him was his iron claw .
let us now kill a pirate , to show Hook 's method .
skylights will do .
he has not even taken the cigars from his mouth .
which will win ?
they carry tomahawks and knives , and their naked bodies gleam with paint and oil .
observe how they pass over fallen twigs without making the slightest noise .
the only sound to be heard is their somewhat heavy breathing .
for the moment , however , it constitutes their chief danger .
their tongues are hanging out , they are hungry to-night .
then quickly they will be on top of each other .
this shows how real the island was .
the first to fall out of the moving circle was the boys .
they talked of Cinderella , and Tootles was confident that his mother must have been very like her .
while they talked they heard a distant sound .
they are no longer there .
rabbits could not have disappeared more quickly .
I will tell you where they are .
will he find it tonight ?
but an iron claw gripped his shoulder .
now for the first time we hear the voice of Hook .
it was a black voice .
one could mention many lovable traits in Smee .
for instance , after killing , it was his spectacles he wiped instead of his weapon .
the pirates disappeared among the trees , and in a moment their Captain and Smee were alone .
he brandished the hook threateningly .
then again he frowned .
he lowered his voice .
he sat down on a large mushroom , and now there was a quiver in his voice .
he laughed , but in a hollow way .
Hook wetted his dry lips .
since sitting down he had felt curiously warm .
he jumped up .
stranger still , smoke began at once to ascend .
the pirates looked at each other .
they had indeed discovered the chimney of the home under the ground .
it was the custom of the boys to stop it with a mushroom when enemies were in the neighbourhood .
not only smoke came out of it .
the pirates listened grimly , and then replaced the mushroom .
they looked around them and noted the holes in the seven trees .
Smee whispered , fidgeting with Johnny Corkscrew .
Hook nodded .
Smee had been waiting for it .
that shows they have no mother .
we will leave the cake on the shore of the Mermaids ' Lagoon .
these boys are always swimming about there , playing with the mermaids .
Smee had listened with growing admiration .
they began the verse , but they never finished it , for another sound broke in and stilled them .
tick tick tick tick !
Hook stood shuddering , one foot in the air .
it was indeed the crocodile .
it had passed the redskins , who were now on the trail of the other pirates .
it oozed on after Hook .
the tongues of the pursuers were hanging out ; the baying of them was horrible .
it was a high compliment to Peter that at that dire moment their thoughts turned to him .
now Nibs rose from the ground , and the others thought that his staring eyes still saw the wolves .
but it was not wolves he saw .
Wendy was now almost overhead , and they could hear her plaintive cry .
it was not in their nature to question when Peter ordered .
all but Tootles popped down their trees .
he had a bow and arrow with him , and Tink noted it , and rubbed her little hands .
chapter @number@ THE LITTLE HOUSE
the others did not hear her .
they had crowded round Wendy , and as they looked a terrible silence fell upon the wood .
if Wendy 's heart had been beating they would all have heard it .
they all whipped off their caps .
he threw himself sorrowfully on the ground .
he moved slowly away .
they heard Peter crow .
but Tootles stood aloof .
he frowned .
they opened their mouths , but the cheers would not come .
he overlooked it in his haste to tell the glorious tidings .
still no sound , except a little thud from Tootles as he dropped on his knees .
they would all have been glad to follow if he had done this .
but there was the arrow .
he took it from her heart and faced his band .
he bared his breast .
all looked at him in wonder , save Nibs , who fortunately looked at Wendy .
Nibs bent over her and listened reverently .
then Peter knelt beside her and found his button .
it is the kiss I gave her .
Peter did not hear him .
he was begging Wendy to get better quickly , so that he could show her the mermaids .
she flew on to his shoulder and pleaded , but he brushed her off .
do you think Tinker Bell was grateful to Wendy for raising her arm ?
they were all delighted .
gut our house .
in a moment they were as busy as tailors the night before a wedding .
of course he meant to leave room for chairs and a table .
John and Michael watched him .
the astounded brothers were dragged away to hack and hew and carry .
Peter thought of everything .
if they broke down in their make-believe he rapped them on the knuckles .
she was lying at their feet , but Slightly had the sense not to see her .
it was an anxious moment when the glass thing was withdrawn .
Peter cried .
Peter strode up and down , ordering finishing touches .
nothing escaped his eagle eyes .
just when it seemed absolutely finished :
absolutely finished now , they thought .
this gave Peter an idea .
nothing remained to do but to knock .
the door opened and a lady came out .
it was Wendy .
they all whipped off their hats .
she looked properly surprised , and this was just how they had hoped she would look .
of course Slightly was the first to get his word in .
Wendy said , all shining .
and that was the first of the many joyous evenings they had with Wendy .
chapter @number@ THE HOME UNDER THE GROUND
one of the first things Peter did next day was to measure Wendy and John and Michael for hollow trees .
Wendy and Michael fitted their trees at the first try , but John had to be altered a little .
after a few days ' practice they could go up and down as gaily as buckets in a well .
Make-believe was so real to him that during a meal of it you could see him getting rounder .
Wendy 's favourite time for sewing and darning was after they had all gone to bed .
you remember about her pet wolf .
after that it followed her about everywhere .
Peter did not compete .
by the way , the questions were all written in the past tense .
Wendy , you see , had been forgetting , too .
but she was never quite sure , you know .
should we take the brush with the redskins at Slightly Gulch ?
fortunately the leaf gave way and Wendy woke , thinking it was bath-time , and swam back .
which of these adventures shall we choose ?
the best way will be to toss for it .
I have tossed , and the lagoon has won .
this almost makes one wish that the gulch or the cake or Tink 's leaf had won .
chapter @number@ THE MERMAIDS ' LAGOON
but just before they go on fire you see the lagoon .
he gave Wendy one of their combs .
this is the one mark that John has left on the Neverland .
it was one such day , and they were all on Marooners ' Rock .
she was very busy , stitching .
little shivers ran over it , and the sun went away and shadows stole across the water , turning it cold .
what was it ?
they drown when the tide rises , for then it is submerged .
she stood over them to let them have their sleep out .
the others came closer to him .
a strange smile was playing about his face , and Wendy saw it and shuddered .
the order came sharp and incisive .
there was a gleam of legs , and instantly the lagoon seemed deserted .
Marooners ' Rock stood alone in the forbidding waters as if it were itself marooned .
her hands and ankles were tied , and she knew what was to be her fate .
now her fate would help to guard it also .
Wendy was crying , for it was the first tragedy she had seen .
Peter had seen many tragedies , but he had forgotten them all .
there was almost nothing he could not do , and he now imitated the voice of Hook .
it was a marvellous imitation .
Smee gasped .
Peter may have been about to crow , but his face puckered in a whistle of surprise instead .
now Wendy understood .
the real Hook was also in the water .
he was tingling with life and also top-heavy with conceit .
he signed to her to listen .
then at last he spoke passionately .
Affrighted though she was , Wendy swelled with pride .
what a lesson !
the nest must have fallen into the water , but would the mother desert her eggs ?
Hook winced .
he was roused from this dejection by Smee 's eager voice .
again Wendy forgot herself .
but they could see nothing .
they thought it must have been a leaf in the wind .
they all swore .
by this time they were on the rock , and suddenly Hook remembered Tiger Lily .
he had a playful humour at moments , and they thought this was one of the moments .
Hook raised his voice , but there was a quiver in it .
he saw his men draw back from him .
he felt his ego slipping from him .
suddenly he tried the guessing game .
this answer rang out scornfully .
Hook was completely puzzled .
Smee reflected .
in a moment Hook was himself again , and Smee and Starkey were his faithful henchmen .
Starkey , mind the boat .
the fight was short and sharp .
first to draw blood was John , who gallantly climbed into the boat and held Starkey .
there was fierce struggle , in which the cutlass was torn from the pirate 's grasp .
he wriggled overboard and John leapt after him .
the dinghy drifted away .
in the confusion some struck at their own side .
he was seeking bigger game .
the others were all brave boys , and they must not be blamed for backing from the pirate captain .
but there was one who did not fear him : there was one prepared to enter that circle .
strangely , it was not in the water that they met .
Hook rose to the rock to breathe , and at the same moment Peter scaled it on the opposite side .
the rock was slippery as a ball , and they had to crawl rather than climb .
neither knew that the other was coming .
had it been so with Peter at that moment I would admit it .
after all , he was the only man that the Sea-Cook had feared .
he gave the pirate a hand to help him up .
it was then that Hook bit him .
not the pain of this but its unfairness was what dazed Peter .
it made him quite helpless .
he could only stare , horrified .
every child is affected thus the first time he is treated unfairly .
he often met it , but he always forgot it .
twice the iron hand clawed him .
they were not very anxious , because they had such faith in Peter .
two small figures were beating against the rock ; the girl had fainted and lay on the boy 's arm .
with a last effort Peter pulled her up the rock and then lay down beside her .
Even as he also fainted he saw that the water was rising .
he knew that they would soon be drowned , but he could do no more .
but he had to tell her the truth .
he had to tell her .
she had to admit that she was too tired .
he moaned .
Hook wounded me .
they put their hands over their eyes to shut out the sight .
they thought they would soon be no more .
it was the tail of a kite , which Michael had made some days before .
it had torn itself out of his hand and floated away .
Peter was alone on the lagoon .
the rock was very small now ; soon it would be submerged .
Peter was not quite like other boys ; but he was afraid at last .
chapter @number@ THE NEVER BIRD
she had come to save him , to give him her nest , though there were eggs in it .
Peter answered .
then Peter tried slow and distinct .
the Never bird became irritated ; they have very short tempers .
there were two large white eggs , and Peter lifted them up and reflected .
Peter put the eggs into this hat and set it on the lagoon .
it floated beautifully .
at the same moment the bird fluttered down upon the hat and once more sat snugly on her eggs .
she drifted in one direction , and he was borne off in another , both cheering .
chapter @number@ THE HAPPY HOME
her private opinion was that the redskins should not call her a squaw .
this was telling , and Slightly seized his chance .
John , however , had held up his hand first .
Wendy was scandalised .
this was grumbling .
once Tootles began , which was not very often , he had a silly way of going on .
he was already in his basket .
then at last he stopped .
the hateful telling broke out again .
above , the redskins crouched before Peter .
and then , as so often before , the gay children dragged him from his tree .
he had brought nuts for the boys as well as the correct time for Wendy .
the first twin came to Peter .
Peter was really the best dancer among them , but he pretended to be scandalised .
so they were told they could dance , but they must put on their nighties first .
she went to him and put her hand on his shoulder .
now we know why she was prejudiced against the redskins .
here Tink , who was in her bedroom , eavesdropping , squeaked out something impudent .
he had a sudden idea .
she had said it so often that Wendy needed no translation .
fancy Wendy snapping !
if she had known she would not have snapped .
none of them knew .
perhaps it was best not to know .
they sang and danced in their night-gowns .
but to-night he remained on his stool ; and we shall see what happened .
chapter @number@ WENDY'S STORY
she had now come to the part that Peter hated .
can they be John and Michael ?
that was the story , and they were as pleased with it as the fair narrator herself .
everything just as it should be , you see .
she felt him solicitously , lower down than his chest .
so this was the truth about mothers .
Panic-stricken at the thought of losing Wendy the lost boys had advanced upon her threateningly .
was it not strange ?
he drew back his hanger ; and for that instant his sun was at noon .
the others held back uneasily .
then Peter returned , and they saw at once that they would get no support from him .
he would keep no girl in the Neverland against her will .
then she pretended to be asleep again .
this made her leap to the floor .
in the meantime the boys were gazing very forlornly at Wendy , now equipped with John and Michael for the journey .
novelty was beckoning to them as usual .
crediting them with a nobler feeling Wendy melted .
Nibs asked in the middle of his jump .
thus children are ever ready , when novelty knocks , to desert their dearest ones .
she loved to give them medicine , and undoubtedly gave them too much .
she had to run about after him , though it was rather undignified .
now , if Peter had ever quite had a mother , he no longer missed her .
he could do very well without one .
he had thought them out , and remembered only their bad points .
they gazed blankly at him , their sticks over their backs , and on each stick a bundle .
their first thought was that if Peter was not going he had probably changed his mind about letting them go .
but he was far too proud for that .
the awful cynicism of this made an uncomfortable impression , and most of them began to look rather doubtful .
after all , their faces said , were they not noodles to want to go ?
she had to take his hand , and there was no indication that he would prefer a thimble .
she was always so particular about their flannels .
that seemed to be everything , and an awkward pause followed .
Peter , however , was not the kind that breaks down before other people .
below , there was dead silence .
mouths opened and remained open .
Wendy fell on her knees , but her arms were extended toward Peter .
chapter @number@ THE CHILDREN ARE CARRIED OFF
through the long black night the savage scouts wriggle , snake-like , among the grass without stirring a blade .
the brushwood closes behind them , as silently as sand into which a mole has dived .
they left nothing undone that was consistent with the reputation of their tribe .
they knew it ; but as their father 's sons they acquitted themselves .
it is no part of ours to describe what was a massacre rather than a fight .
thus perished many of the flower of the Piccaninny tribe .
Scourie , Chas .
Turley , and the Alsatian Foggerty .
what were his own feelings about himself at that triumphant moment ?
it was Pan he wanted , Pan and Wendy and their band , but chiefly Pan .
Peter was such a small boy that one tends to wonder at the man 's hatred of him .
it was not his courage , it was not his engaging appearance , it was not .
it was Peter 's cockiness .
the question now was how to get down the trees , or how to get his dogs down ?
he ran his greedy eyes over them , searching for the thinnest ones .
which side had won ?
now Smee had found the tom-tom , and was at that moment sitting on it .
twice Smee beat upon the instrument , and then stopped to listen gleefully .
they smirked at each other and rubbed their hands .
chapter @number@ DO YOU BELIEVE IN FAIRIES ?
the first to emerge from his tree was Curly .
a different treatment was accorded to Wendy , who came last .
she was only a little girl .
his lip was curled with malicious triumph .
again Hook 's genius surmounted difficulties .
he indicated that the little house must be used as a conveyance .
it dried up any trickle of pity for him that may have remained in the pirate 's infuriated breast .
there was no way of knowing , save by going down .
then , silently , he let himself go into the unknown .
on the bed lay Peter fast asleep .
then he decided not to take his medicine , so as to grieve Wendy .
for hours he could not be separated from these dreams , though he wailed piteously in them .
they had to do , I think , with the riddle of his existence .
thus defenceless Hook found him .
he stood silent at the foot of the tree looking across the chamber at his enemy .
did no feeling of compassion disturb his sombre breast ?
what stayed him was Peter 's impertinent appearance as he slept .
they steeled Hook 's heart .
it did not entirely fill the aperture , and he had been looking over it .
feeling for the catch , he found to his fury that it was low down , beyond his reach .
was his enemy to escape him after all ?
but what was that ?
the red in his eye had caught sight of Peter 's medicine standing on a ledge within easy reach .
he fathomed what it was straightaway , and immediately knew that the sleeper was in his power .
Peter slept on .
Soft and cautious , but in that stillness it was sinister .
Peter felt for his dagger till his hand gripped it .
then he spoke .
he was thrilled , and he loved being thrilled .
in two strides he reached the door .
then at last the visitor spoke , in a lovely bell-like voice .
she flew in excitedly , her face flushed and her dress stained with mud .
Peter 's heart bobbed up and down as he listened .
as he leapt he thought of something he could do to please her .
he could take his medicine .
his hand closed on the fatal draught .
nevertheless Hook 's words had left no room for doubt .
the cup was poisoned .
he raised the cup .
but she did not answer .
already she was reeling in the air .
his head almost filled the fourth wall of her little room as he knelt near her in distress .
she liked his tears so much that she put out her beautiful finger and let them run over it .
her voice was so low that at first he could not make out what she said .
then he made it out .
she was saying that she thought she could get well again if children believed in fairies .
Peter flung out his arms .
Tink sat up in bed almost briskly to listen to her fate .
Many clapped .
some didn't .
a few beasts hissed .
the morning was needed to search for such guidance , and he could not wait .
the upper world had called him , but would give no help .
he was frightfully happy .
chapter @number@ THE PIRATE SHIP
she was wrapped in the blanket of night , through which no sound from her could have reached the shore .
of this , as of almost everything else , Smee was quite unconscious .
Hook trod the deck in thought .
it was his hour of triumph .
but there was no elation in his gait , which kept pace with the action of his sombre mind .
Hook was profoundly dejected .
it was because he was so terribly alone .
this inscrutable man never felt more alone than when surrounded by his dogs .
they were socially inferior to him .
Hook was not his true name .
but above all he retained the passion for good form .
however much he may have degenerated , he still knew that this is all that really matters .
his vitals were tortured by this problem .
it was as if Peter 's terrible oath had boarded the ship .
it was in his darkest hours only that he referred to himself in the third person .
Michael had tried on his spectacles .
to tell poor Smee that they thought him lovable !
Hook itched to do it , but it seemed too brutal .
instead , he revolved this mystery in his mind : why do they find Smee lovable ?
he pursued the problem like the sleuth-hound that he was .
the wretched prisoners were dragged from the hold , all except Wendy , and ranged in line in front of him .
all children know this about mothers , and despise them for it , but make constant use of it .
Michael was naturally impressed .
he wanted John to decide , and John wanted him to decide .
John inquired .
perhaps John had not behaved very well so far , but he shone out now .
bring up their mother .
they were only boys , and they went white as they saw Jukes and Cecco preparing the fatal plank .
but they tried to look brave when Wendy was brought up .
no words of mine can tell you how Wendy despised those pirates .
with a hasty gesture he tried to hide it , but he was too late .
at this moment Wendy was grand .
but Hook had found his voice again .
it was Smee who tied her to the mast .
Hook smiled on them with his teeth closed , and took a step toward Wendy .
his intention was to turn her face so that she should see the boys walking the plank one by one .
he heard something else instead .
it was the terrible tick-tick of the crocodile .
very frightful was it to see the change that came over him .
it was as if he had been clipped at every joint .
he fell in a little heap .
they had no thought of fighting it .
it was Fate .
it was Peter .
then he went on ticking .
now such an experience had come that night to Peter .
he ticked superbly , but with one unforeseen result .
thus many animals pass from land to water , but no other human of whom I know .
he had ticked so long that he now went on ticking without knowing that he was doing it .
at first he thought the sound did come from the crocodile , and he looked behind him swiftly .
Peter struck true and deep .
John clapped his hands on the ill-fated pirate 's mouth to stifle the dying groan .
he fell forward .
four boys caught him to prevent the thud .
Peter gave the signal , and the carrion was cast overboard .
there was a splash , and then silence .
how long has it taken ?
there was not a sound , and he drew himself up firmly to his full height .
at that they fell on their knees .
Peter was in the cabin !
the children gazed at each other .
it wailed through the ship , and died away .
the Italian Cecco hesitated for a moment and then swung into the cabin .
the exultation of the boys , the lowering looks of the pirates , both were seen by Hook .
Cecco went , first flinging his arms despairingly .
no one spoke except Slightly .
Hook rallied his dogs with a gesture .
Starkey cried .
Starkey looked round for help , but all deserted him .
as he backed up Hook advanced , and now the red spark was in his eye .
with a despairing scream the pirate leapt upon Long Tom and precipitated himself into the sea .
he wetted his lips to be ready , but Hook came staggering out , without his lantern .
his reluctance to return to the cabin impressed them all unfavourably , and the mutinous sounds again broke forth .
at this the children could not resist raising a cheer .
open the cabin door and drive them in .
let them fight the doodle-doo for their lives .
for the last time his dogs admired Hook , and devotedly they did his bidding .
the boys , pretending to struggle , were pushed into the cabin and the door was closed on them .
but not one dared to face the door .
yes , one , Wendy , who all this time had been bound to the mast .
she had not long to wait .
then he took a great breath and crowed .
some of them remembered that this had been a saying of Flint 's .
in that frightful moment I think his fierce heart broke .
Peter 's voice rang out ; and in another moment the clash of arms was resounding through the ship .
they had done for his dogs , but this man alone seemed to be a match for them all .
again and again they closed upon him , and again and again he hewed a clear space .
the others drew back and formed a ring around them .
Hook did so instantly , but with a tragic feeling that Peter was showing good form .
hitherto he had thought it was some fiend fighting him , but darker suspicions assailed him now .
and again and again he darted in and pricked .
Hook was fighting now without hope .
now , now , he thought , true form will show .
but Peter issued from the powder magazine with the shell in his hands , and calmly flung it overboard .
what sort of form was Hook himself showing ?
for we have come to his last moment .
he had one last triumph , which I think we need not grudge him .
at last Hook had got the boon for which he craved .
thus perished James Hook .
the lateness of the hour was almost the biggest thing of all .
chapter @number@ THE RETURN HOME
Nibs and John were first and second mate .
there was a woman aboard .
the bluff strident words struck the note sailors understood , and they cheered him lustily .
instant obedience was the only safe thing .
we are no more than servants .
this would spoil so completely the surprise to which Wendy and John and Michael are looking forward .
however , we should get no thanks even for this .
you see , the woman had no proper spirit .
she does not really need to be told to have things ready , for they are ready .
for all the use we are to her , we might well go back to the ship .
however , as we are here we may as well stay and look on .
that is all we are , lookers-on .
nobody really wants us .
so let us watch and say jaggy things , in the hope that some of them will hurt .
very touching was his deference to Nana .
he would not let her come into the kennel , but on all other matters he followed her wishes implicitly .
it may have been Quixotic , but it was magnificent .
if she was too fond of her rubbishy children , she couldn't help it .
look at her in her chair , where she has fallen asleep .
her hand moves restlessly on her breast as if she had a pain there .
suppose , to make her happy , we whisper to her in her sleep that the brats are coming back .
social success had not spoilt him ; it had made him sweeter .
Peter 's first words tell all .
that 's right .
this trick had been in his head all the time .
he peeped again , and the tears were still there , or another two had taken their place .
he was angry with her now for not seeing why she could not have Wendy .
but the lady would not make the best of it , and he was unhappy .
he ceased to look at her , but even then she would not let go of him .
then he unbarred the window .
but John whistled .
Wendy and John had been taken aback somewhat at finding their father in the kennel .
it was then that Mrs Darling began playing again .
but Wendy , who saw that they must break the joyous news more gently , had a better plan .
the children waited for her cry of joy , but it did not come .
she saw them , but she did not believe they were there .
she sat down in the chair by the fire , where in the old days she had nursed them .
they could not understand this , and a cold fear fell upon all the three of them .
Wendy cried .
he knew her now .
they went up by the stair , because they thought this would make a better impression .
they said nothing , but their eyes asked her to have them .
Wendy cried , shocked ; but still the cloud was on him .
he knew he was behaving unworthily , but he could not help it .
Mrs Darling exclaimed , pained to see her dear one showing himself in such an unfavourable light .
as for Peter , he saw Wendy once again before he flew away .
that is what she did .
Mrs Darling came to the window , for at present she was keeping a sharp eye on Wendy .
of course Peter promised ; and then he flew away .
he took Mrs Darling 's kiss with him .
but she seemed satisfied .
it is sad to have to say that the power to fly gradually left them .
in time they could not even fly after their hats .
next year he did not come for her .
that was the last time the girl Wendy ever saw him .
Wendy was grown up .
you need not be sorry for her .
she was one of the kind that likes to grow up .
in the end she grew up of her own free will a day quicker than other girls .
you see that judge in a wig coming out at the iron door ?
that used to be Tootles .
the bearded man who doesn't know any story to tell his children was once John .
Wendy was married in white with a pink sash .
years rolled on again , and Wendy had a daughter .
when she was old enough to ask them they were mostly about Peter Pan .
that was the time for stories .
or perhaps Wendy admits she does see something .
they are now embarked on the great adventure of the night when Peter flew in looking for his shadow .
Jane asked one evening .
Wendy was a little startled .
then the window blew open as of old , and Peter dropped in on the floor .
he was a little boy , and she was grown up .
she huddled by the fire not daring to move , helpless and guilty , a big woman .
Peter looked .
she knew it was useless to say that he had let many spring cleaning times pass .
she had risen ; and now at last a fear assailed him .
she let her hands play in the hair of the tragic boy .
then she turned up the light , and Peter saw .
she had to tell him .
I am ever so much more than twenty .
of course he did not strike .
she was only a woman now , and she ran out of the room to try to think .
Peter continued to cry , and soon his sobs woke Jane .
she sat up in bed , and was interested at once .
Peter rose and bowed to her , and she bowed to him from the bed .
Wendy rushed to the window .
of course in the end Wendy let them fly away together .
THE ADVENTURES OF MR . MOCKER
BY THORNTON W BURGESS
UNC ' BILLY'S VAIN SEARCH IV .
SAMMY JAY THINKS HE'S GOING CRAZY VII .
HOW BLACKY THE CROW'S PLAN WORKED OUT XII .
UNC ' BILLY POSSUM'S SURPRISE XXVI .
MR . MOCKER MAKES HIMSELF AT HOME
SUCH A THING AS UNC ' BILLY FORGETTING TO SAY GOOD-BY HAD NEVER HAPPENED BEFORE
BLACKY'S EYES TWINKLED AS HE LISTENED TO SAMMY JAY'S TALE OF WOE .
THERE SAT THE THREE LITTLE SCAMPS ON THE BIG ROCK
SOMETIMES HE WOKE UP IN THE NIGHT AND WOULD SING FOR VERY JOY
THE ADVENTURES OF MISTAH MOCKER
Winsome Bluebird goes just a little way ahead of her , for Winsome is the herald of Mistress Spring .
but he was .
yes , Sir , he was .
but he didn't say a word , not a word .
he just listened and listened and then went on about his business .
he didn't say anything about it to any one , but he just started off by himself .
so he traveled and traveled without speaking to any one , and always looking up in the blue , blue sky .
finally it dropped down , down , down until it disappeared among the trees .
UNC ' BILLY POSSUM GROWS EXCITED
two scrambled up on his back .
his eyes were shining , and his funny little ears were pricked up .
UNC ' BILLY'S VAIN SEARCH
any one would have known it just to look at him .
no , Sah !
then she started out to hunt for their dinner , still muttering as she went .
old Mrs Possum was quite right .
you see he had something else on his mind .
he just had to go look for him .
the longer he looked , the more excited he grew .
his neck ached from looking up in the tree-tops , and his feet were sore from walking .
UNC ' BILLY COMES HOME
then he sat down and watched a while .
all was still .
there wasn't a sound in the great hollow tree .
he hadn't a word to say .
he felt very miserable , and he was too tired to have a bit of spirit left .
when she had finished the egg , she pushed the other over to him .
SAMMY JAY IS INDIGNANT
Sammy Jay was indignant .
yes , Sir , Sammy Jay was very much put out .
it had begun when he met Jimmy Skunk early in the morning .
Sammy Jay stamped one foot .
he was beginning to lose his temper .
you know he loses it very easily .
when he did , he flew off screaming at the top of his lungs .
Peter was sleepy .
he didn't like to have his morning nap disturbed .
Sammy went .
were they just trying to make him mad , or had he really been screaming in his sleep ?
he flew over to the Smiling Pool .
Jerry Muskrat looked up and saw him .
this was too much .
Sammy Jay let his wings and his tail droop dejectedly and hung his head .
SAMMY JAY THINKS HE'S GOING CRAZY
everywhere he went Sammy Jay heard that shouted after him .
it isn't true !
Sammy would just dance up and down and scream and scream and scream , he was so angry .
and then he was sure to hear some one pipe up :
that really began to worry him .
the more he thought about it , the more worried Sammy Jay became .
he lost his appetite and began to grow thin .
in fact his voice was rarely heard during the day .
at least everybody said that he was .
could it be that he was flying about as well as talking in his sleep ?
and nobody believed him when he said that he was asleep all night .
then he had a happy idea .
so Sammy Jay hurried away to the darkest part of the Green Forest and tried to sleep through the day .
SAMMY JAY SITS UP ALL NIGHT
Sammy Jay sat in the dark and shivered .
Sammy was lonely , more lonely than he had ever supposed anybody could be .
yes , Sir , that was just the way Sammy Jay felt scared .
every time a leaf rustled , Sammy jumped almost out of his skin .
his heart went pit-a-pat , pit-a-pat , pit-a-pat .
he just would keep his eyes and his ears wide open .
what was he doing it for ?
now Sammy knew better .
he had watched the black shadows creep through the Green Forest and grow blacker and blacker .
Sammy Jay had it now .
he felt so creepy that it seemed as if he would crawl right out of his skin .
there 's nothing to be afraid of .
but still he shivered and shook .
they seemed to be looking right down at him and winking at him in the jolliest way .
he began to feel better .
it was a terrible sound , fierce and hungry .
Sammy Jay nearly fell from his perch .
he opened his mouth to scream with fright .
then a shadow floated over the big pine-tree .
Hooty the Owl had flown away without seeing him , and Sammy breathed easier .
SAMMY JAY IS GLAD HE SAT UP ALL NIGHT
Sammy Jay was having no trouble in keeping awake now .
he was too frightened and shivery and creepy to sleep .
so he sat in the thickest part of the big pine-tree , shivering and creepy and miserable .
it was less lonely with them there , and he did want to call to them dreadfully .
Sammy pricked up his ears .
Sammy Jay isn't any more asleep than I am .
he just screams out of pure meanness to wake up and frighten good honest folks who want to sleep .
Peter shook his head .
Jimmy held up one hand to warn Peter to keep still .
they all heard it .
my wits are getting hazy !
of course it was Sammy Jay who was humming such a foolish-sounding rhyme as that .
but really , it wasn't so foolish in Sammy 's case , after all .
now he knew .
he could eat with a better appetite now .
now he knew that he could go to sleep in peace , just as he always had .
Sammy Jay brushed and smoothed out his handsome blue coat and made himself as pert and smart-appearing as possible .
now , however , he felt so much better that he began to think about his looks .
of course he didn't expect to find his voice down there , for who ever saw a voice ?
still he thought that he might find something that would explain the mystery .
Jenny Wren came right up in front of Sammy Jay and hopped up and down .
don't tell that to me !
SAMMY JAY SEEKS ADVICE
Sammy Jay had a headache , such a headache !
it was no wonder that his head ached .
hardly any of the little meadow and forest people would speak to him now .
they just turned their backs to him whenever he met them .
you see he had played too many mean tricks for any one to really like him .
but he did hate to have them blame him for something that he hadn't done .
I must get help somewhere .
Sammy Jay pricked up his ears and spread his wings .
Blacky 's eyes twinkled as he listened to Sammy Jay 's tale of woe .
when Sammy had finished and had asked for Blacky 's advice , Blacky went into a black study .
HOW BLACKY THE CROW'S PLAN WORKED OUT
pretty soon he caught sight of a wonderful coat of bright blue with white trimmings .
Sammy screamed twice .
Boomer heard him and down he came with a rush .
he found Peter and told him .
NO ONE BELIEVES PETER RABBIT
Peter was doing some very hard thinking .
he ought to have been asleep , for he had been out the whole night long .
but instead of sleeping , he was wide awake and thinking and thinking .
Boomer had seen him going to bed there and had come straight down to tell Peter .
but no one believed him .
it certainly sounded like Sammy Jay 's voice .
Peter didn't know what to think , and he said so .
finally he yawned and stretched and then started along one of his private little paths .
at last Peter found Sticky-toes the Tree Toad .
he was muttering and grumbling to himself , and he didn't see Peter .
STICKY-TOES THE TREE TOAD POURS OUT HIS TROUBLES
Sticky-toes was quite upset .
there was no doubt about it .
don't know what it means !
Sticky-toes nodded his head .
Sticky-toes shook his head .
don't ask me !
then Sticky-toes poured out all his troubles to Peter Rabbit .
they were very much like the troubles of Sammy Jay .
he was getting so worried that he couldn't eat .
Peter Rabbit listened with his mouth wide open .
it was just the same kind of a story that Sammy Jay had told .
Peter couldn't understand it at all .
PETER RABBIT MEETS UNC ' BILLY POSSUM
the next night he started out for the Green Forest with a new plan in his head .
he would hide down among the alders by the Laughing Brook .
he just had to know !
PETER RABBIT AND UNC ' BILLY POSSUM KEEP WATCH
Peter began to get hungry .
the more he thought about it , the hungrier he grew .
Peter looked up .
do you hear that ?
there 's my voice over there , and here I am here !
all he could do was to gaze at Sticky-toes as if he thought Sticky-toes was a ghost .
UNC ' BILLY POSSUM DOES A LITTLE SURPRISING HIMSELF
this so surprised Peter Rabbit that he felt queer all over .
he was across the Laughing Brook without even wetting his feet .
it was a long tail , a tail of feathers hanging down .
it wasn't Sammy Jay 's tail , either .
THE MEETING OF TWO OLD FRIENDS
ah thought Ah was mistaken , but now Ah reckon that Ah was right , after all .
fact is , Ah was getting right smart lonesome .
yes , Sah , Ah reckon so .
then both little rascals laughed fit to kill themselves .
there was a dreadful time on the Green Meadows and in the Green Forest .
oh , dear , dear , dear !
it really was dreadful !
and all the time Sammy Jay hadn't made a sound .
those who had been the very best of friends would pass without speaking .
you see , everybody on the Green Meadows and in the Green Forest knows everybody else by their voice .
what were they talking about ?
yes , Sir , they were the mischief-makers .
it was great fun to fool everybody so .
BOBBY COON MAKES A DISCOVERY
Bobby Coon had overslept .
but Bobby is very irregular in his habits .
this night Bobby Coon had overslept because he had not gone to bed until the middle of the day .
by this time Bobby Coon had sticks in his eyes .
he was stumbling along through the Green Forest when he came to a hollow log .
perhaps he would have slept there all night , if he hadn't been waked up .
it seemed to come from right over his head .
at first he couldn't think where he was .
then he remembered .
ah don't want to show mahself in daylight .
then he crawled out of the hollow log , and he was chuckling to himself .
BOBBY COON AND OL ' MISTAH BUZZARD HAVE A TALK
Bobby had watched him until his own neck ached .
Mistah Buzzard hardly ever moved his wings .
at last Mistah Buzzard came sailing down straight for the tall dead tree .
Bobby was using his very politest manner .
why , that bird just likes to go around making trouble ; he just naturally likes to .
BOBBY COON HAS A BUSY DAY
it was the busiest day that Bobby Coon could remember .
this morning he was on his way to call first on Johnny Chuck .
he didn't even look at him .
Bobby Coon kept right on , without so much as turning his head .
Jimmy was looking under every stick and stone for beetles for his breakfast .
Jimmy just went right on about his business .
his face had lost the cheerful grin with which he had started out .
UNC ' BILLY POSSUM SEES MANY BACKS
it was very plain to see that something was bothering him .
Johnny Chuck sat there without moving , just as if he hadn't heard .
instead of replying , Johnny Chuck suddenly kicked up his heels and disappeared inside his house .
after a while he started on .
there Little Joe Otter and Billy Mink and Jerry Muskrat were at play .
UNC ' BILLY POSSUM CONSULTS OL ' MISTAH BUZZARD
then he heard a noise that sounded very much like a chuckle .
in a few minutes it was a laugh .
UNC ' BILLY POSSUM GIVES A PARTY
my , but that was hard work !
in the first place there were so many to see .
such a good time as everybody did have !
there were heaps and heaps of good things to eat .
they danced and played hide and seek .
he was dressed in his finest suit , and he wore his broadest grin .
UNC ' BILLY POSSUM'S SURPRISE
Sammy Jay became greatly excited .
you know that I wasn't making a sound !
Jerry Muskrat looked as if he couldn't believe his own ears .
it 's going to rain !
it was Sticky-toes himself , and he had dropped from another tree altogether .
it isn't me , is it ?
that 's my voice , yet it isn't mine , because I 'm right here !
how can I be here and over there too ?
no one could tell him , and Sticky-toes continued to scold and sputter and swell himself up with anger .
but no Blacky appeared .
no one had ever heard anything like it , and when it ended every one shouted for more .
even Sticky-toes the Tree Toad forgot his ill temper .
he was about the size of Sammy Jay and wore a modest gray suit with white trimmings .
MR . MOCKER MAKES HIMSELF AT HOME
while they were talking the matter over , Mr Mocker began to sing again that wonderful song of his .
of course Mr Mocker had to show off his wonderful voice to each one .
so he soon made himself at home and , because he was happy , he would sing all day long .
it was great fun .
now Grandfather Frog was feeling out of sorts that morning .
but others have had adventures , and one is Jerry Muskrat .
the next book will tell all about them .
End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of The Adventures of Mr Mocker by Thornton W Burgess
Lucy Maud Montgomery Short Stories , @number@ to @number@
she achieved international fame in her lifetime , putting Prince Edward Island and Canada on the world literary map .
she published some @number@ short stories and poems and twenty novels before her death in @number@
the Project Gutenberg collection of her short stories was gathered from numerous sources and is presented in chronological publishing order :
short Stories @number@ to @number@
a Millionaire 's Proposal
Thrush Hill , @date@ , @number@ .
it is all settled at last , and in another week I shall have left Thrush Hill .
I am going to Montreal to spend the winter with Alicia .
she is eight years older than I am .
when Alicia was eighteen she married Roger Gresham , a man of forty .
the world said that she married him for his money .
I dare say she did .
Alicia was tired of poverty .
I don't blame her .
the vacations were the only joy of my life then .
Jack was grown up .
the dear old days of bird-nesting and nutting and coasting and fishing and general delightful goings-on were over forever .
I was sorry at first .
I suppose he found a change in me , too .
I had put on long skirts and wore my hair up .
I had also found out that I had a complexion , and that sunburn was not becoming .
you don't look like the same girl .
I 'd never know you in that rig-out , with all those flippery-trippery curls all over your head .
this didn't suit me at all .
when I expect a compliment and get something quite different I always get snippy .
Jack is always so provokingly good-humoured .
but after a while Jack and I adjusted ourselves to the change in each other and became very good friends again .
it was quite a different friendship from the old , but it was very pleasant .
yes , it was ; I will admit that much .
I shall never be a rich man .
it always seems to make Jack blue and grumpy when I talk like that .
three weeks ago Alicia wrote to me , asking me to spend the winter with her .
her letters always make me just gasp with longing for the life they describe .
somehow he had my hands in his . how did he ever get them ?
I was sure I had them safely tucked out of harm 's way behind me .
but I cannot let you go like this .
wasn't it horribly straightforward and direct ?
so like Jack !
I tried to pull my hands away , but he held them fast .
there was nothing to do but answer him .
with your face and figure you will make a sensation .
there is to be a nephew of the Sinclairs here this winter .
he is an American , immensely wealthy , and will be the catch of the season .
don't get into any foolish entanglement down there .
I have heard some gossip of you and our old playfellow , Jack Willoughby .
I hope it is nothing but gossip .
you can do better than that , Katherine .
that settled Jack 's fate , if there ever had been any doubt .
he let go of my hands then , white to the lips .
Jack smiled sadly .
it isn't your fault .
he turned my face up and kissed me squarely on the mouth .
he had never kissed me since the summer before he went away to college .
after he went away I came upstairs and had a good , comfortable howl .
then I buried the whole affair decently .
I am not going to think of it any more .
Mary Carter would jump at him , I know .
as for myself well , I am ambitious .
let me put it down in black and white , once for all , and see how it looks :
I mean to marry the rich nephew of the Sinclairs .
it is out , and I feel better .
I wouldn't have Jack or Aunt Elizabeth dear , unworldly old soul see it for the world .
but I wouldn't mind Alicia .
Montreal , @date@ , @number@ .
this is a nice way to keep a journal .
that was when I was at Thrush Hill .
I am having a simply divine time .
to be sure , I felt badly enough that day in October when I left it .
when the train left Valleyfield I just cried like a baby .
Roger is a model husband apparently .
I must also admit that he is a model brother-in-law .
I trembled with suspense , but I was soon relieved .
he was a nice boy .
I knew that very well .
that was just why I had refused him .
but it made me wince to hear Alicia say it .
she drilled me well beforehand , and I think I acquitted myself decently .
Charlie Vankleek , whose verdict makes or mars every debutante in his set , has approved of me .
he called me a beauty , and everybody now believes that I am one , and greets me accordingly .
I met Gus Sinclair at Mrs Brompton 's dinner .
Alicia declares it was a case of love at first sight .
if so , I must confess that it was all on one side .
apart from his appearance , I really liked him very much .
he took me into dinner at Mrs Brompton 's , and was very attentive .
aunt Elizabeth writes to me , but I have never heard a word from Jack .
he seems to have forgotten my existence completely .
no doubt he has consoled himself with Mary Carter .
the Sinclairs and the Bromptons and the Curries are to dine here tonight .
I am pale , as usual , I never have any colour .
that used to be one of Jack 's grievances .
he likes pink and white milkmaidish girls .
but , what is more to the purpose , it suits Gus Sinclair .
he admires the statuesque style .
Montreal , @date@ , @number@ .
here it is a whole month since my last entry .
I am having a good time still .
somehow , though , it isn't as exciting as it used to be .
I 'm afraid I 'm very changeable .
I believe I must be homesick .
I will not write that .
Mr Sinclair has not spoken yet , but there is no doubt that he soon will .
I said coldly .
sometimes I get snippy with Alicia these days .
well , of course , you ought to love your husband , and you will .
for the first time that I remembered , Alicia blushed .
she was very angry .
Montreal , @date@ , @number@ .
his coming was so unexpected .
I cried , holding out both hands to him in welcome .
I thought you had forgotten me altogether .
tell me all the Thrush Hill and Valleyfield news , tell me everything that has happened since I left .
how many people have you killed off ?
the glare was too much for my Thrush Hill brown .
but it 's different now .
I asked saucily .
I had on a particularly fetching gown and knew I was looking my best .
Jack , however , looked me over with his head on one side .
he never thought me really pretty , and he is too honest to pretend he does .
but I didn't care .
I just laughed , and we sat down together and had a long , delightful , chummy talk .
in due time Alicia sailed in .
Alicia asked him to remain to dinner .
I felt that Jack glanced at me for the fraction of a second .
but I remembered that Gus Sinclair was coming too , and I did not look at him .
then he declined quietly .
he had a business engagement , he said .
I suppose Alicia had noticed that look at me , for she showed her claws .
I was not blushing , and I was furious .
then she remarked in the patronizing tone which I detest :
Just at dusk a box arrived with Jack 's compliments .
when Gus Sinclair was leaving he asked if he might see me alone tomorrow afternoon .
I knew what that meant , and a cold shiver went up and down my backbone .
I asked coldly .
isn't it what we 've schemed and angled for ?
and so I am .
but I wish it hadn't come so soon after Jack 's visit , because I feel rather upset yet .
well , I must go to bed now and get my beauty sleep .
Thrush Hill , @date@ .
that day when Gus Sinclair came I was all ready for him .
will you be able to keep that up ?
I went down calmly , although I 'll admit that my heart was beating wildly .
Gus Sinclair was plainly nervous , but I was composed enough for both .
I looked up at him .
I opened my mouth to say yes .
then I pulled my hands away and burst into hysterical , undignified tears .
have I been too abrupt ?
but he is poor , and I hate poverty .
such a pained look came over his face .
I might not love you then .
don't distress yourself , Katherine .
oh , Mr Sinclair , please , please , go away .
I said wistfully .
do not let yourself be unhappy over this .
remember that I will always be your friend .
he held out his hand and gave mine an earnest clasp .
then he went away .
but when her eyes fell on my forlorn , crumpled self she fairly jumped .
then I waited for the storm to burst .
the shock was too great , and at first quite paralyzed my half-sister .
it 's true enough , Alicia .
you can scold all you like .
I know I deserve it , and I won't flinch .
I did really intend to take him , but when it came to the point I couldn't .
I never saw Alicia so angry before , and I never got so roundly abused .
but even Alicia has her limits , and at last she grew calmer .
she dealt me a withering glance .
to think of losing a fortune like that for the sake of sentimental folly !
of course I decided to leave Montreal as soon as I could .
but I couldn't get away within a week , and it was a very unpleasant one .
Alicia treated me with icy indifference , and I knew I should never be reinstated in her good graces .
to my surprise , Roger took my part .
then he came to the library where I was moping , and laid his hand on my head .
this comforted me greatly , and I did not cry myself to sleep that night as usual .
at last I got away .
I got to Valleyfield just at dusk .
it was a rainy evening , and everything was slush and fog and gloom .
I said , clinging to him , regardless of appearances .
I knew you wouldn't forget us .
and I did .
Jack heard me through in silence , and then he kissed me .
I whispered , cuddling up to him .
and he said but , on second thought , I will not write down what he said .
we are to be married in June .
Patty could do things like that .
the stockings were well darned too , and Patty understood and remembered what she read .
Clifford flung himself into a chair with a sigh of weariness .
I 've been tramping about the wharves all day gathering longshore items .
but , Patty , I 've got a chance at last .
I 'm to go and interview Mr Keefe on this new railroad bill that 's up before the legislature .
Patty threw down her darning needle and clapped her hands with delight .
oh , you must get the position !
you must hand in a good write-up .
Clifford dropped his head on his hand and stared rather moodily at the lamp .
you know Father always said I was a born mechanic .
if I only could get a position somewhere among machinery that would be my choice .
you seem to know by instinct just what to leave out and put in .
I never do , and Harmer has to blue-pencil my copy mercilessly .
mother 's face has a new wrinkle of worry every day .
if only we both could get positions , everything would be all right .
mother wouldn't have to worry so .
she 'd only be doubly disappointed if nothing did .
take a stroll down to meet my train , Patty .
the Baxters lived in Aylmer , a lively little town with two newspapers , the Chronicle and the Ledger .
in the preceding spring Clifford had been taken on the Chronicle on trial , as a sort of general handyman .
Patty was his senior by a year , and ready to do her part unflinchingly .
the next afternoon Patty went down to meet Clifford 's train .
when it came , no Clifford appeared .
Patty stared about her at the hurrying throngs in bewilderment .
where was Clifford ?
hadn't he come on the train ?
surely he must have , for there was no other until seven o'clock .
she must have missed him somehow .
Patty waited until everybody had left the station , then she walked slowly homeward .
as the Chronicle office was on her way , she dropped in to see if Clifford had reported there .
Patty gasped in dismay .
it was dreadful !
he left before the telegram came .
Larry shook his head .
Patty went downstairs and stood for a moment in the hall , rapt in reflection .
if she had been at home , she verily believed she would have sat down and cried .
what could she do ?
could she do anything ?
she must do something .
then she started .
with Patty , to decide was to act .
she mounted the steps and rang the bell undauntedly .
she had forgotten the name .
the maid who had come to the door looked her over so superciliously that Patty flushed with indignation .
Patty knew she would waste her breath if she did .
a man with a mouth like that would never tell anything he didn't want to tell .
she couldn't ask that masculine sphinx questions !
so much depends on this assignment .
he is only handyman now .
Mr Reefer looked at Patty for a few moments with a face about as expressive as a graven image .
I hope you 'll succeed in pleasing him , and that your brother will get the position he wants .
but he shouldn't have missed that train .
you tell him that .
boys with important things to do mustn't miss trains .
Patty went straight home , wrote up her interview in ship-shape form , and took it down to the Chronicle office .
there she found Mr Harmer , scowling blackly .
take a chair .
that brother of yours hasn't turned up yet .
but Mr Harmer was no longer listening .
he had snatched the neatly written sheets of Patty 's report and was skimming over them with a practised eye .
then Patty thought he must have gone crazy .
ten minutes later , he returned and shook the mystified Patty by the hand .
we 've scooped not only the Ledger , but every other newspaper in the country .
how did you do it ?
he is notorious on that score .
why , Patty , it 's the biggest journalistic fish that has ever been landed in this office .
Andrew Reefer 's opinion on the bill will have a tremendous influence .
we 'll run the interview as a leader in a special edition that is under way already .
but to think that we should be the first to get it !
but Clifford also had a story to tell and got his word in first .
I met Mr Peabody of the Steel and Iron Company at Mr Moreland 's and got into conversation with him .
and , Patty , I have the place .
goodbye to the grind of newspaper items and fillers .
it 's here in my notebook , and I must hurry up to the office and hand it in .
then she told her story .
you have the proper journalist instinct all right .
go down to the Symphony Club rehearsal this afternoon and report it .
Anna 's Love Letters
she smiled wickedly at Alma before replying .
mischief was ripening in Anna 's brain when that twist was out .
Alma was patient outwardly .
it was never of any avail to show impatience with Anna .
of course you are going to answer his letter .
you are as good as engaged to him .
I let him think so , because I hated to hurt his little feelings .
but she was afraid that Anna was in earnest .
Anna had a wretched habit of being in earnest when she said flippant things .
Anna nodded decisively , flashed a smile at Alma , picked up her cat , and went out .
at the door she turned and looked back , with the big black cat snuggled under her chin .
I told Gilbert he wasn't to write silly letters .
come , pussy , I 'm going to get ready for prayer meeting .
Anna shut the door , her departing laugh rippling mockingly through the dusk .
Alma picked up Gilbert Murray 's letter and went to her room .
she wanted to cry , since she could not shake Anna .
even if she could have shook her , it would only have made her more perverse .
Alma thought that this whim would run its course likewise and leave a repentant Anna .
but meanwhile everything might be spoiled .
Gilbert might not prove forgiving a second time .
Alma and Anna had lived alone at the old Williams homestead ever since their mother 's death four years before .
the Murray homestead adjoined theirs .
Gilbert Murray had grown up with Alma ; they had been friends ever since she could remember .
Gilbert determined to get rid of it , and his thoughts turned to the west .
his father was an active , hale old man , quite capable of managing the farm in Gilbert 's absence .
Alexander MacNair had gone to the west two years previously and got work on a new railroad .
he wrote to Gilbert to come too , promising him plenty of work and good pay .
Gilbert went , but before going he had asked Anna to marry him .
Gilbert had never discerned that Anna was not like the other Exeter girls , but was a law unto herself .
her lips were very firmly set .
something must be done .
she could not bear the thought that some day Anna might leave her and go far away to live .
she had always taken a keen , strange delight in furthering his wishes .
Anna 's falseness would surely break his heart , and Alma winced at the thought of his pain .
there was one thing she could do .
Anna 's tormenting suggestion had fallen on fertile soil .
Alma balanced pros and cons , admitting the risk .
her handwriting was much like Anna 's .
Alma never did a thing halfway when she did it at all .
Alma had the gift of expression and more brains than Exeter people had ever imagined she possessed .
when Gilbert read that letter a fortnight later he was surprised to find that Anna was so clever .
at first she had been quakingly afraid of discovery .
Anna was having the time of her life .
it was so much more romantic , too .
I 'd always said I 'd never be married in any of your dull , commonplace ways .
Alma grew sick at heart thinking of the complications in front of her .
but it was a harmless epistle after all ; he had not yet heard of Anna 's marriage .
Alma had at first no thought of answering it , yet her fingers ached to do so .
now that Anna was gone , her loneliness was unbearable .
she realized how much Gilbert 's letters had meant to her , even when written to another woman .
no more letters came from Gilbert for six weeks .
he was working in a remote district where newspapers seldom penetrated .
Alma answered that letter .
she could not learn to live without them until she had to .
the correspondence slipped back into its old groove .
she did not even feel lonely , and reproached herself for lack of proper feeling in missing Anna so little .
she could not understand it .
why then should she feel this strange gladness at the impossibility of its fulfilment ?
altogether , Alma feared that her condition of mind and morals must be sadly askew .
Alma , so said Exeter people , was becoming unsociable and old maidish .
she lost her liking for company , and seldom went anywhere among her neighbours .
she had had no warning of his coming .
his last letter , dated three weeks back , had not hinted at it .
yet there he was and with him Alma 's Nemesis .
she was very calm .
now that the worst had come , she felt quite strong to meet it .
she opened the door .
his exile had improved him .
Alma found time and ability to reflect that she had never known Gilbert was so fine-looking .
he put his arm around her and kissed her cheek in his frank delight at seeing her again .
Gilbert followed her into the sitting-room and looked about eagerly .
Just took time to hug my mother , and here I am .
the pent-up retribution of two years descended on Alma 's head in the last question of Gilbert 's .
but she did not flinch .
Gilbert reflected that Alma Williams was really a very handsome girl .
these two years had improved her .
what splendid big grey eyes she had !
Gilbert sat down suddenly on a chair and looked at Alma in bewilderment .
Gilbert looked at Alma doubtfully .
was she crazy ?
still standing there , Alma told the whole story , giving full explanations , but no excuses .
her memory worked automatically , and her tongue obeyed it promptly .
to Alma it seemed like hours .
would Gilbert overwhelm her with angry reproaches , or would he simply rise up and leave her in unutterable contempt ?
it was so anti-climactic that Alma broke into an hysterical giggle , cut short by a sob .
then he turned and looked down at her quizzically .
she felt his gaze on her .
she had a taking way with her .
honestly , I wasn't thinking much about her at all .
the letters kept coming , and I kept on looking for them more and more all the time .
I fell in love all over again with the writer of those letters .
that was why I came home .
he bent down and put his arm about her , laying his cheek against hers .
a little smile escaped from the duress of Alma 's lips and twitched her dimples .
aunt Caroline 's Silk Dress
Patty came in from her walk to the post office with cheeks finely reddened by the crisp air .
Carry surveyed her with pleasure .
Carry never sewed on pretty dresses for herself , for the simple reason that she never had any pretty dresses .
there was never much mail for the Lea girls .
it 's postmarked Enfield , and has a suspiciously matrimonial look .
I 'm sure it 's an invitation to Chris Fairley 's wedding .
Carry , with a little flush of excitement on her face , opened her letter .
but I might have known Chris wouldn't .
tucks are so fashionable now .
and there 's that lace of mine you can have for a bertha .
I want you to look just right , you see .
Enfield is a big place , and there will be lots of grandees at the wedding .
let's get the last fashion sheet and pick out a design right away .
here 's one on the very first page that would be nice .
you could wear it to perfection , Caddy you 're so tall and slender .
Carry liked the pattern , and they had an animated discussion over it .
I 'd forgotten for a few minutes , but it 's all come back now .
I can't think of weddings and new dresses , when the thought of that interest crowds everything else out .
I don't know what we shall do .
oh , I suppose we can rent a couple of rooms in the village and exist in them .
the sparkle had gone out of her face too .
Patty loved their little home as much as Carry did .
he has been only too anxious for an excuse to foreclose , this long time .
he wants the land the house is on .
Carry 's voice broke in a sob .
Patty leaned over the table and patted her sister 's glossy dark hair gently .
you 've just gone to skin and bone .
oh , I know how hard it is !
I can't bear to think of leaving this dear old spot either .
if we could only induce Mr Kerr to give us a year 's grace !
I 'd be teaching then , and we could easily pay the interest and some of the principal too .
I want you to go and have a good time .
now I think I 'll go upstairs and study this evening .
Patty whisked out , and Carry knew she should go to her sewing .
she was so tired , and so hopeless .
then there was always the mortgage to devour everything .
she had had typhoid fever in the spring and had not been able to work for a long time .
indeed , she had gone to work before she should .
the doctor 's bill was yet unpaid , but Dr Hamilton had told her to take her time .
Carry knew she would not be pressed for that , and next year Patty would be able to help her .
but next year would be too late .
the dear little home would be lost then .
when Carry roused herself from her sad reflections , she saw a crumpled note lying on the floor .
she picked it up and absently smoothed it out .
the note was an invitation to Clare Forbes 's party !
of course , Clare Forbes was in Patty 's class at school and was always very nice and friendly with her .
but then the Forbes set was not the Lea set .
Carry ran upstairs to Patty 's room .
I couldn't help seeing what it was .
but , Caddy dear , it is impossible .
putting my own feelings aside , it would be an insult to Clare .
but Carry did think about it .
yet she did so want Patty to go .
Patty never had any good times , and she was studying so hard .
yes , she could , and she would .
Carry buried her face in her pillow with a sob and a gulp .
but she had decided what must be done , and how it must be done .
she tried to laugh and failed .
nothing more was said that week about the organdie , or the wedding , or the Forbes 's party .
Carry sewed fiercely , and sat at her machine for hours after Patty had gone to bed .
Patty thought that Carry was actually trying to perpetrate a weak joke , and endeavoured to laugh .
but it was a rather dreary laugh .
Patty smiled as brightly as possible .
Patty gazed at the dress with horror-stricken eyes .
come , Patty dear , I 've set my heart on your going to that party .
Patty realized that .
the dress was so pretty , and dainty , and becoming .
Carry sat sleepily up .
Carry , I 've thought of a way for you to go to the wedding .
it just came to me at supper .
Mrs Forbes was sitting opposite to me , and her dress suggested it .
I wouldn't dream of wearing that hideous thing .
bright green silk , with huge yellow brocade flowers as big as cabbages all over it !
there 's enough of it , anyway , and that skirt is stiff enough to stand alone .
on one occasion , when Carry was there , Aunt Caroline had brought out this silk dress .
Mr Greenley gave it to me for a birthday present fifteen years ago .
Mrs Edward , who was on duty at the time , sniffed disagreeably , but she said nothing .
had it been otherwise , Aunt Caroline would probably not have been allowed to give it away .
Carry had thanked Aunt Caroline sincerely .
she had too many other things to think of , this poor worried Carry .
after breakfast Carry began to rip the skirt breadths apart .
Patty wheeled about to see Carry staring at the silk dress like one bewitched .
with trembling fingers Carry snipped away the stitches that held the letter , and read it aloud .
with crimson cheeks Carry ripped the other breadths apart , and there were the other four bills .
aunt Susanna 's Thanksgiving Dinner .
but it is difficult to cultivate four talents on our tiny income .
if Laura wasn't such a good manager we never could do it .
only Margaret continued to bend serenely over her Latin grammar .
that is Aunt Susanna 's way .
of late we had been growing a little discouraged .
consequently , Margaret 's chances looked a little foggy ; but we hadn't quite given up hope .
but Aunt Susanna would never believe it .
nor did she believe it now .
how long is it since you began it ?
Laura is an old duck .
but I generally manage it for I 'd do anything for Margaret .
she makes enough out of her water colors to dress herself .
aunt Susanna took a second breath and started in again .
it 's a pity you stopped playing just as I came in .
Kate is really a most dainty needlewoman and does all the fine sewing in our family .
well , that 's better than poring over a novel .
people generally don't read recipes upside down and besides , you didn't quite cover up your portfolio .
I see a corner of it sticking out .
was genius burning before I came in ?
I am , too .
I 'm in a peck of troubles .
they 'll come on the same train .
I 'm dreadfully worried .
we all felt rather dismayed , and nobody volunteered with a rush .
you 'll find everything in the pantry , turkey and all .
the mince pies are all ready made so you 'll only have to warm them up .
I want dinner sharp at twelve for the train is due at @time@ .
oh , if I could only be home myself !
don't get to mooning over a story , Agnes .
I 'll lock the library up and fortunately there are no fiddles at the Pinery .
they 'll be sure to be prowling around when I 'm not home .
don't give that dog of theirs any scraps either .
that is Miranda Mary 's one fault .
something will probably go wrong .
you know we can cook .
I cheered up accordingly .
we are not given to pessimism which is fortunate .
we 've been very happy as a rule .
aunt Susanna has a big house and lots of money but she isn't as happy as we are .
Thursday morning was an ideal Thanksgiving morning bright , crisp and sparkling .
we were all up early .
remember the McGinnises and the dog .
weigh the turkey so that you 'll know exactly how long to cook it .
put the pies in the oven in time to get piping hot lukewarm mince pies are an abomination .
the McGinnis dog was sitting on the back-door steps when we arrived .
all the little McGinnises were sitting in a row on their fence , and they whooped derisively .
we kindled the fires , weighed the turkey , put it in the oven and prepared the vegetables .
then we set the dining-room table and decorated it with Aunt Susanna 's potted ferns and dishes of lovely red apples .
everything went so smoothly that we soon forgot to be nervous .
in an evil hour we went to the yard window and looked out .
we saw a quiet scene .
down in the McGinnis yard everything wore an unusually peaceful aspect .
Kate and I screamed simultaneously .
at least he didn't seem at all frightened , and grinned most impishly at us .
we had left the door open and the McGinnis dog had disappeared .
as for the smell , imagine a commingled odor of scorching turnips and burning mince pies , and you have it .
the dog fled out with a guilty yelp .
I groaned and snatched the turnips off .
Kate threw open the oven door and dragged out the pies .
Pies and turnips were ruined as irretrievably as the turkey .
I cried miserably .
Kate was superb .
she didn't lose her wits for a second .
Quick there 's just ten minutes before train time .
without a moment 's delay we shut the door and ran .
as we went I saw the McGinnis dog licking his chops over in their yard .
I have been ashamed ever since of my feelings toward that dog .
they were murderous .
fortunately I had no time to indulge them .
it is ten minutes walk from the Pinery to our house , but you can run it in five .
Kate and I burst into the kitchen just as Laura and Margaret were sitting down to dinner .
we had neither time nor breath for explanations .
without a word I grasped the turkey platter and the turnip tureen .
Kate caught one hot mince pie from the oven and whisked a cold one out of the pantry .
I 've always said that Laura and Magsie would rise to any occasion .
they didn't even worry us with questions .
we got back to the Pinery just as the train whistle blew .
we accomplished it .
it was ready by the time it was needed .
still , all things considered , Kate and I didn't enjoy that dinner much .
we kept thinking of poor Laura and Magsie at home , dining off potatoes on Thanksgiving !
but at least Aunt Susanna was satisfied .
when Kate and I were washing the dishes she came out quite beamingly .
the turkey was done to perfection .
aunt Susanna did not notice the emphasis .
when we had finished the dishes we smuggled our platter and tureen out of the house and went home .
but we had to tell them the whole story before we even took off our hats .
we didn't ask her whether she meant us or Tony McGinnis or both .
there are some things better left in obscurity .
aunt Susanna came down the next day and told Margaret that she would send her to college .
we finally compromised on Wednesday .
I never could understand how Melissa always got it arranged so beautifully .
nothing particular happened the first part of the day .
some few growled and wouldn't subscribe anything , but on the whole we did pretty well .
we reached Daniel Wilson 's by noon , and had to have dinner there .
Daniel is always very complimentary , and they say Mary is jealous .
I agreed with her .
I had been dreading that call all day .
I can't get along without a little romance ; it 's my nature .
Melissa also refused him .
finally , I imagine Melissa did not fancy being second choice .
Melissa and I both lost our heads .
but I went up that one with the agility and grace of sixteen .
I crept cautiously to the edge and peered over .
I reported the state of the case to Melissa .
I asked .
oh , this is a nice predicament .
half an hour passed ; it seemed as long as a day .
the sun just boiled down on that roof and we were nearly melted .
then we saw a welcome sight Isaac Appleby coming through the yard with a hoe over his shoulder .
he had probably been working in his field at the back of the house .
I never thought I should have been so glad to see him .
I called joyfully , leaning over as far as I dared .
Isaac looked up in amazement at me and Melissa craning our necks over the edge of the roof .
then he saw the dog and took in the situation .
the creature actually grinned .
I said pleadingly .
Isaac folded his arms and looked up .
I gasped .
I cried incredulously .
I want a wife , and I am going to have one .
and with that Isaac walked jauntily into his new house .
you can take him .
I always knew that rankled with Melissa .
I thought the situation over before I said anything more .
we certainly couldn't get off that roof , and if we could , there was Julius Caesar .
I was afraid I couldn't coax her into marrying Isaac .
we sat there in stony silence and the time dragged by .
I think if he hadn't aggravated me by doing that I 'd have given in sooner .
but as it was , I was determined to be as stubborn as everybody else .
we were four obstinate creatures Isaac and Melissa and Julius Caesar and I .
I caught the ball , for Melissa never turned her head .
besides , I thought it might enable us to hold out until some loophole of escape presented itself .
Isaac went back into the house and I unpacked the basket .
there was a bottle of milk , some bread and butter , and a pie .
you never saw such a sight .
I 'd always suspected Melissa wore a false front , but I 'd never had any proof before .
I felt sorry for her .
and I felt sorry for Isaac when I tried to eat that bread .
it was sour and dreadful .
as for the pie , it was hopeless .
I tasted it , and then threw it down to Julius Caesar .
that pie was a strong argument for Isaac .
I was dreadfully tired of broiling on the roof anyhow .
but it was the thunderstorm that decided me .
I called to Isaac and out he came .
we had to go in his house and stay till the shower was over .
I didn't forget the object of our call and I produced our subscription list at once .
I wanted to settle Melissa before she got a chance to talk .
on the way home I said to her :
Melissa will hold her tongue .
Burton Ellis 's handsome , boyish face flushed darkly crimson to the roots of his curly black hair .
something in the father 's tone roused anger and rebellion in the son .
but I have been going to see Madge Oliver for some time , and we are engaged .
Burton 's frankness nearly took away his father 's breath .
old John fairly choked with rage .
Burton hoed away savagely until his anger had spent itself on the weeds .
give up Madge dear , sweet little Madge ?
yet if his father remained of the same mind , their marriage was out of the question at present .
old John Ellis had the reputation of being the most contrary man in Greenwood .
but never were appearances more deceptive than in this case .
she had seen Burton Ellis going moodily across the fields homeward and guessed that something had gone wrong .
Madge sobbed out the whole story disconsolately .
Burton 's father would not let him marry her because she was an Oliver .
Miss Susan squared her shoulders and looked amused .
I know old John Ellis better than he knows himself .
he is the most contrary man the Lord ever made .
I went to school with him .
I learned how to manage him then , and I haven't forgotten how .
you keep your eyes open and see if you can learn something .
John Ellis laid down his paper and stood up with a sarcastic smile .
Miss Susan reached the steps and skimmed undauntedly up them .
she did indeed look angry and disturbed .
he has had the impudence to tell me that he wants to marry her .
I won't have it , I tell you , and you can tell your son so .
marry my niece indeed !
the wind was completely taken out of his sails and every bit of the Ellis contrariness was roused .
old John was furious .
your grandfather was a hired man !
I simply won't allow this nonsense to go on .
I came here today to tell you so plump and plain .
come here and tell me my son isn't good enough for your niece indeed !
I shan't stay to bandy words with you , John Ellis .
old John strode out to the turnip field .
I told her a few plain truths .
don't you mind the old crosspatch .
by this time Burton had begun hoeing vigorously , to hide the amused twinkle of comprehension in his eyes .
he admired Miss Susan 's tactics , but he did not say so .
just try to make it go in the opposite direction and it will bolt the way you want it .
Katherine Rangely was packing up .
you 're a special Providence , Ede .
try to keep the poor fellow amused until I get back .
then the talk drifted around to Edith 's affairs .
she was engaged to a certain Sidney Keith , who was a professor in some college .
but Ned is so prosaic .
it makes him quite furious when I talk of taking up writing seriously .
he says women writers are an abomination on the face of the earth .
Edith sighed .
even Ned is .
I have to snub him regularly .
Edith thought so too when Ned Ellison appeared that night .
it sounds so childish .
well , bye-bye , dear boy .
Harbour Hill was noted for its beauty , but not every woman can live by scenery alone .
aunt Elizabeth 's only reply to this was a shocked look .
to pass the time Katherine took to collecting seaweeds , and this involved long tramps along the shore .
on one of these occasions she met with an adventure .
the place was a remote spot far up the shore .
he was evidently shouting at her .
the stranger did not seem to be snubbed at all .
he came down to the very edge of the rocks where Katherine could see him plainly .
he was dressed in a somewhat well-worn grey suit and wore spectacles .
he did not look like a lunatic , and he did not seem to be drunk .
he is certainly off his balance , thought Katherine .
he must be some revivalist who has gone insane on one point .
I suppose I 'd better go in .
he looks quite capable of wading out here after me if I don't .
she picked her steps carefully back with her precious specimens .
the stranger eyed her severely as she stepped on the rocks .
it is the most careless thing I ever heard of .
but Katherine was in no mood to converse on seaweeds .
and this creature whom she had taken for a lunatic was undoubtedly a gentleman .
oh , if he would only go and give her a chance to put on her shoes and stockings !
he knew so much about seaweeds that Katherine felt decidedly amateurish beside him .
he looked over her specimens and pointed out the valuable ones .
the unknown cut the Gordian knot himself .
there was certainly something familiar about his appearance .
he is very nice , but he must have thought me crazy .
the mystery was solved when she got home and found a letter from Edith awaiting her .
you are a lucky girl , Kate .
I had a letter from him yesterday .
he 's boarding at some little farmhouse up the shore .
I 've written to him today to hunt you up and consider himself introduced to you .
Katherine smiled when Sidney Keith 's card was brought up to her that evening and went down to meet him .
her companion of the morning rose to meet her .
when Professor Keith went away it was with a cordial invitation to call again .
Katherine wrote all about it to Edith and cultivated Professor Keith with a dear conscience .
they got on capitally together .
this involved more long , companionable expeditions .
Katherine wrote and jokingly asked Edith if she and Ned had quarreled .
Katherine sighed and went on a fern hunt with Professor Keith .
it was getting near the end of her vacation and she had only two weeks more .
they were sitting down to rest on the side of the road when she mentioned this fact inconsequently .
the professor prodded the harmless dust with his cane .
there didn't seem to be anything more to say .
one cannot talk everlastingly about ferns , so they got up and went home .
Katherine wrote a particularly affectionate letter to Ned that night .
then she went to bed and cried .
but he kept himself well in hand and talked calmly on impersonal subjects .
after all , it was Katherine who made the first break when she got up to say good-bye .
the professor put out his arm and drew her close to him .
when she became cognizant of this fact , she drew herself away .
the professor stooped and began hunting for his maltreated hat .
he was a long time finding it , and when he did he went softly to the door .
with his hand on the knob , he paused and looked back .
she was not expected until a later train and there was no one to meet her .
Edith , who was lying on the bed , sprang up with a surprised greeting .
could Edith have suspected anything ?
did you have a good time at Harbour Hill ?
and how did you leave Sid ?
after Edith had gone down , Katherine tossed about restlessly .
she knew Ned had come and she did not want to see him .
she would go down for a minute .
her hand was lifted to draw it back when she heard something that arrested the movement .
it was Edith and what was she saying ?
I 'm so ashamed of myself and I never meant to be so false .
Just at this point Katherine became aware that she was eavesdropping and she went away noiselessly .
when Edith came up half an hour later , she found the worn-out invalid sitting up and reading a novel .
Edith faced her friend in dismay , forgetful of swollen lids and tear-stained cheeks .
can't you guess , or must I tell you ?
and of course we made up our minds to sacrifice ourselves on the altar of duty and all that .
but now , thank goodness , there is no need of such wholesale immolation .
as it is , there will be four perfectly happy people instead of four miserable ones .
Alan Douglas threw down his pen with an impatient exclamation .
if a northeast rainstorm doesn't set in before next Sunday , Mr Trewin will not have his sermon .
there was sure to be some drawback in every minister .
its lure was irresistible .
he had sometimes wondered where it led but he had never explored it .
now he had a sudden whim to do so and turned into it .
before him was a small peninsula running out into the lake and terminating in a long sandy point .
beyond it was a glorious sweep of sunset water .
it was the house which puzzled Alan .
the people living here were in the bounds of his congregation .
then he turned off in a narrow path to the shore .
the beach was of sand and the scrub barrens dwindled down to it almost insensibly .
Alan walked slowly towards the left headland , intending to follow the shore around to the other road .
as he passed the point he stopped short in astonishment .
the second surprise and mystery of the evening confronted him .
the plain dark dress she wore emphasized the grace and strength of her supple form .
none of the Rexton girls looked like that .
who , in the name of all that was amazing , could she be ?
she is the most beautiful woman I ever saw , he thought .
well , I daresay there 's some simple explanation of it all .
I 'll ask Mrs Danby .
she 'll know if anybody will .
that good woman knows everything about everybody in Rexton for three generations back .
Alan found Isabel King with his housekeeper when he got home .
his greeting was tinged with a slight constraint .
Isabel herself showed it with sufficient distinctness .
Isabel King bent forward , her brown eyes on Alan 's face .
the Captain is a rank infidel and they say his daughter is just as bad .
eighteen years ago Captain Anthony came from goodness knows where , bought the Four Winds point , and built that house .
he brought his wife and child and an old cousin of his with him .
this Lynde wasn't more than two years old then .
she just wasn't ever seen again , that 's all .
whether she died or was murdered or went away nobody ever knew .
as for the girl , she 's always lived there with her father .
she must be a perfect heathen .
Alan had listened to this gossipy narrative with an interest that did not escape Isabel King 's observant eyes .
he had known that the girl of the shore could be no commonplace , primly nurtured young woman .
every minister that 's ever been in Rexton has had a try at it .
the old cousin met every one of them at the door and told him nobody was at home .
perhaps the story isn't true .
or if it was maybe he provoked her into saying it .
Mr Strong wasn't overly tactful .
somehow , Alan resented Mrs Danby 's charity .
a plump barnyard fowl might as well have talked of making allowances for a seagull !
the question gave Alan an annoyance out of all proportion to its significance .
he felt an instinctive reluctance to discuss Lynde Oliver with Isabel King .
at that moment Alan 's secret contempt for her crystallized into pronounced aversion .
he made no reply and they went the rest of the way in silence .
on his way back to the manse Alan did consider the question .
should he make any attempt to establish friendly relations with the residents of Four Winds ?
even with the new one he did not get on very well .
at last in exasperation he leaned back in his chair .
why can't I stop thinking of those Four Winds people ?
here , let me put these haunting thoughts into words and see if that will lay them .
that girl had a beautiful face but a cold one .
would I like to see it lighted up with the warmth of her soul set free ?
yes , frankly , I would .
she looked upon me with indifference .
would I like to see her welcome me as a friend ?
do I believe that she is wild , unwomanly , heathenish , as Mrs Danby says ?
no , I do not , most emphatically .
and I am going to write this sermon .
Alan wrote it , putting all thought of Lynde Oliver sternly out of his mind for the time being .
he had no notion of falling in love with her .
he knew nothing of love and imagined that it counted for nothing in his life .
he did not attempt to conceal from himself that he hoped to meet Lynde Oliver again .
in this he was unsuccessful .
he soon became convinced that she avoided him purposely and the conviction piqued him .
he felt an odd masterful desire to meet her face to face and make her look at him .
sometimes he called himself a fool and vowed he would go no more to the Four Winds shore .
yet he inevitably went .
he did not find in the shore the comfort and inspiration he had formerly found .
she was carrying two heavy pails of water and Alan asked permission to help her .
Alan felt his heart beating foolishly .
would he see Lynde Oliver ?
it did not occur to him to wonder why it should please him .
he preferred her unsmiling dourness to vulgar garrulity .
Lynde said she had seen you on the shore once .
we are a queer pair just as queer as they make us out .
she 's sweet and good and beautiful .
it 's not her fault that she never went to church it 's her father 's .
the fierce yet repressed energy of her tone prevented Alan from feeling any amusement over her simple defence of Lynde .
moreover , it sounded unreasonably sweet in his ears .
I didn't dare ask him to the house for I knew Anthony was in one of his moods .
but it 's time something was done .
she 's woman grown and this is no life for her .
I wonder why she hates men so .
perhaps it 's because she never knew any that were real gentlemen .
she 's so bitter at the mere speaking of love and marriage .
but she 'll never make friends with him and I can't .
she stopped abruptly , for a tall lithe figure was coming up from the shore .
it was glorious .
Bad Emily , you 've been carrying water .
that young minister up at Rexton met me and brought it up .
Lynde 's brow darkened .
she turned and walked away to the house without a word .
on his way home that night Alan met Isabel King on the main shore road .
she carried an armful of pine boughs and said she wanted the needles for a cushion .
Alan followed him across the peninsula and then along the further shore , which rapidly grew steep and high .
he could not repress an exclamation of dismay and alarm .
besides , there is nothing else to do .
you will find a rope in that little house where you put the water for Emily .
father and Emily are away .
Alan had been a noted runner at college and his muscles had not forgotten their old training .
could she cling to the rope while he drew her up ?
then he saw she was still safe on the sloping shelf .
when she came within his reach he grasped her arms and lifted her up into safety beside him .
finally she looked up into Alan 's anxious face and their eyes met .
it was something more than the physical reaction that suddenly flushed the girl 's cheeks .
she sprang lithely to her feet .
Alan asked .
father and Emily went down the lake in the yacht this afternoon and I started out for a ramble .
I should have known better .
it seemed like days .
he went with Father today .
she looked at him with a little defiance in her eyes .
the Captain 's appearance was a fresh surprise to Alan .
as a rule I 'm not very partial to the cloth , as you may have heard .
presently Lynde came in .
Emily came in and lighted the lamp on the table .
when he went away the Captain invited him back .
Alan went home in a tumult of contending feelings .
she must have a lonely , unsatisfying life , he thought .
it is my duty to help her if I can .
it furnished an excuse for an earlier call .
after that he went often .
she liked history and travels best .
with novels she had no patience , she said disdainfully .
he always scolded me , when he got a chance , for not going to church .
I would have hated him if it had been worthwhile .
he was very much shocked .
but I don't want you to misunderstand me .
father does not go to church because he does not believe there is a God .
mother taught me so .
I know I 'm not like other girls .
it is the fear that a change will come that makes me wretched .
she shuddered and put her hands over her eyes .
Alan thought she must mean that when her father died she would be alone in the world .
Wordlessly she grasped Alan 's arm , drew him out , and shut the door .
come into the garden .
no , that is not the trouble .
these terrible moods come on without any cause that we know of .
you must go away now and do not come back until his dark mood has passed .
and there is nothing you could do .
please go at once .
the following week was a miserable one for him .
his duties were distasteful to him and meeting his people a positive torture .
sometimes Mrs Danby looked dubiously at him and seemed on the point of saying something but never said it .
Isabel King watched him when they met , with bold probing eyes .
Alan had known Lynde 's mother was buried under the pines but he had never visited the spot before .
father buried her himself .
he wouldn't have anyone else do anything for her .
I am so glad she is here .
oh , I thought I should die too when she did .
I was very wicked but I was so unhappy .
father had so many dreadful moods and there was something else .
Alan , leaning against a pine tree , looked down at her .
he wanted to take her in his arms and comfort her .
Lynde shook her head .
she was tiny and dark she had a sweet little face and velvet-brown eyes and soft curly dark hair .
oh , I remember her look so well .
I wish I did resemble her .
I loved her so I would have done anything to save her suffering and trouble .
it must be something connected with her father , Alan thought .
was she likewise to miss her womanhood ?
Alan 's hands clenched involuntarily at the unuttered question .
on his way home that evening he again met Isabel King .
she turned and walked back with him but she made no reference to Four Winds or its inhabitants .
but the only eyes which had any meaning for him just then were the grey ones of Lynde Oliver .
this surprised and worried him .
there was no apparent difference in Captain Anthony , who continued to be suave and friendly .
she looked as if she felt hostile towards him .
she had been friendly from the first and he had done nothing to excite her disapproval .
he could have sworn it was malicious amusement .
one evening he went to Four Winds around the shore .
the moment she saw him she darted up the bank and disappeared among the firs .
Alan was thunderstruck .
there was no room for doubt that she meant to avoid him .
he only realized that he felt bitterly hurt and grieved puzzled as well .
what did it all mean ?
he met Emily in the yard of Four Winds on her way to the spring and stopped her resolutely .
Emily looked at him piercingly .
she looked at him through and through a moment longer .
then , seeming satisfied with her scrutiny , she picked up her pail .
as soon as they were out of sight of the house , Emily began abruptly .
I don't even know if she is angry .
but if you didn't , it may not be anger at all .
I don't understand that girl .
she 's been different ever since her mother died .
she used to tell me everything before that .
you must go and ask her right out yourself what is wrong .
but maybe I can tell you something .
I thought it came from you I didn't know who else would be writing to her .
a boy brought it and gave it to her at the door .
she 's been acting strange ever since .
she cries at night something Lynde never did before except when her mother died .
Alan asked , feeling somewhat relieved .
the mystery was clearing up , he thought .
no doubt it was the old story of some cowardly anonymous letter .
his thoughts flew involuntarily to Isabel King .
Emily shook her head .
this Alan was determined to do whenever he should meet her .
he realized at last that he loved Lynde Oliver .
he wondered how he could have been so long blind to it .
he knew that he must have loved her ever since he had first seen her .
the discovery amazed but did not shock him .
she was good and sweet and true .
anything of doubt in her antecedents could not touch her .
if it were really so , doubtless this was the reason .
what she thought mattered incalculably more to Alan than what all the people in Rexton put together thought .
after a sleepless night he went back to Four Winds in the morning .
Lynde would not expect him at that time and he would have more chance of finding her .
the result justified his idea , for he met her by the spring .
Alan felt shocked at the change in her appearance .
she looked as if years of suffering had passed over her .
her lips were pallid , and hollow circles under her eyes made them appear unnaturally large .
without any waste of words , Alan plunged abruptly into the subject .
she spoke as if the word hurt her , her eyes persistently cast down .
there was no answer .
she gave an unvoluntary glance around as if seeking some way of escape .
he leaned forward and took her hands in his .
she pulled her hands away and flung them up to her face , her form shaken by stormy sobs .
you must not have anything more to do with us any of us .
you must .
it is not too late to undo it .
you must not come here any more .
it 's a little too late for me .
Lynde , you must not let this venomous letter come between us .
instead , they were full of a blank , incredulous horror that swallowed up every other feeling .
there was no mistaking their expression and it struck an icy chill to Alan 's heart .
she put up her hand as if warding a blow .
oh , I never dreamed of this .
if I had thought it possible you could love me , I would never have been friends with you .
she wrung her hands piteously together , looking like a soul in torment .
Alan could not bear to see her pain .
she leaned against a slim white bole of a young birch behind her and looked at him wretchedly .
won't you be frank with me , dear ?
he could not have heard aright .
his name was Frank Harmon and he had known Father well in the past .
they had sailed together .
father seemed to be afraid of him I had never seen him afraid of anybody before .
one day Father came to me and told me I must marry Captain Harmon .
I laughed at the idea at first but when I looked at Father 's face I did not laugh .
he implored me to marry Captain Harmon .
I don't know what it was but it must have been something dreadful .
I knew it would , and that was what drove me to consent at last .
oh , I can't tell you what I suffered .
I was only seventeen and there was nobody to advise me .
one day Father and Captain Harmon and I went down the lake to Crosse Harbour and we were married there .
he was going to China .
father and I came back home .
but she was never better .
when I think of that , I am not sorry for what I did .
Captain Harmon said he would be back in the fall to claim me .
I waited , sick at heart .
sometimes I feel sure he cannot be still living .
she broke down again , sobbing bitterly .
he tried to speak calmly , wisely , as a disinterested friend .
Lynde shook her head .
he says he was always a fickle-minded fellow , one fancy driving another out of his mind .
oh , I can bear my own misery but to think what I have brought on you !
I never dreamed that you could care for me .
I have loved you sincerely and such love can be nothing but a blessing to me .
I only wish that I could help you .
it wrings my heart to think of your position .
I must not even come here any more .
it thrilled him to the core of his being .
she loved him .
Alan had not known a man could endure such misery and live .
pain and indignation struggled for mastery in Alan 's stormy soul as he walked homeward .
so this was Captain Anthony 's doings !
he had sacrificed his daughter to some crime of his dubious past .
Alan thought the furtive amusement he had so often detected in the Captain 's eyes was explained now .
he found Elder Trewin in his study when he got home .
Alan listened absently , with none of the resentment he would have felt at the interference a day previously .
a man does not mind a pin-prick when a limb is being wrenched away .
Elder Trewin got himself away , feeling snubbed but relieved .
Isabel King started them and probably she exaggerated a lot .
I suppose he 's had some notion like as not of bringing the Captain over to the church .
it 's just as well to stop it .
he 's a good pastor and he works hard too hard , mebbe .
the Rexton gossip soon ceased with the cessation of the young minister 's visits to Four Winds .
Alan flinched .
anger glowed in Emily 's eyes .
you are breaking Lynde 's heart .
she 's gone to a shadow of herself and she 's fretting night and day .
his look and tone convinced Emily .
a baffled expression crossed the old woman 's face .
Alan shook his head .
she is too strong and fine for that .
I came here full of anger against you but I see now you are not to blame .
all the same , I wish you 'd never set foot in Four Winds .
the autumn dragged away .
Alan found out how much a man may suffer and yet go on living and working .
a vacation which would take him away from Lynde 's neighbourhood the thought was not to be entertained .
as for the possibility of Harmon 's return , Alan could never face it for a moment .
when it thrust its ugly presence into his thoughts , he put it away desperately .
the man was dead or his fickle fancy had veered elsewhere .
nothing else could explain his absence .
but he thought more of Lynde 's pain than his own .
he groaned aloud in his helplessness .
at first he could not see the water through the driving mist .
so much he saw before the Point was blotted out in a renewed downpour of sleet .
with the Captain 's assistance , something might be done .
other help could not be obtained before darkness would fall and then it would be impossible to do anything .
he dashed up the steps of Four Winds and met Emily , who had flung the door open .
behind her was Lynde 's pale face with its alarmed questioning eyes .
Lynde stepped out , tying a shawl around her head .
Emily , get some .
we must light a bonfire at least .
it will not hurt me .
let us hurry .
in silence they breasted their way to the shore and around the headland .
his only chance is to swim ashore if he can swim .
suddenly Lynde 's composure forsook her .
she wrung her hands .
you don't know the force of that backwater .
she caught his arm in her white wet hands and looked into his face with passionate pleading .
Emily , who had said nothing , now spoke harshly .
you have no right to risk your life for a stranger .
Alan paid no heed to Emily .
very tenderly he loosened Lynde 's hold on his arm and looked into her quivering face .
I will come back safe , please God .
Lynde , with a little moan of resignation , turned away .
he did not look at Lynde or he would have been shocked by the agony on her face .
she cast one glance at the prostrate man and followed Emily .
she watched the stranger 's face as one fascinated .
he thinks he is still on board the vessel .
he 'll probably come round all right .
Alan stared at her .
he found Harmon delirious in a high fever .
Emily was quite sincere .
Lynde had not told her , and Emily did not recognize him .
Harmon remained delirious for a week .
Alan reflected grimly that Captain Anthony probably owed him a grudge for saving Harmon 's life .
he never saw Lynde alone , but her strained , tortured face made his heart ache .
she waited on Harmon and Dr . Ames considered her a paragon of a nurse .
one afternoon when Alan went to Four Winds Emily met him at the door .
you 'd better go up and see him .
Anthony and Lynde are away to Crosse Harbour .
Harmon turned his head as the minister approached and held out his hand with a smile .
they tell me you were the man who pulled me out of that hurly-burly .
I 'd been hanging in that rigging all day and most of the night before .
there were five more of us but they dropped off .
I must have been a lot of trouble .
that old woman says I 've been raving for a week .
who are these Olivers anyhow ?
this family did .
Man , are you speaking the truth ?
his mate told me the whole story .
say , preacher , what 's the matter ?
Alan hastily drank a glass of water .
Lynde , he is not Frank Harmon he is his twin brother .
Alan walked down to the water 's edge to give her time to recover herself .
Lynde shook her head .
you are a minister and it would ruin you to marry a girl like me .
last week I had a letter from home asking me to go to a church there .
it would injure you .
there is Father .
I love him and he has always been very kind to me .
I am the daughter of a criminal and I am no fit wife for Alan Douglas .
no , Alan , don't plead , please .
there was a ring of finality in her tone that struck dismay to Alan 's heart .
you seem to have run up against a snag , Mr Douglas .
you say Frank Harmon is dead .
that 's good riddance if it 's true .
I 'm fond of her for her mother 's sake and I 'd like to see her happy .
I didn't want to give her to Harmon that time three years ago but I couldn't help myself .
he had the upper hand , curse him .
it wasn't for my own sake , though it was for my wife 's .
so you won't marry your minister because your father was not a good man , Lynde ?
Lynde echoed the words blankly .
your father was your mother 's first husband .
I had loved your mother ever since I was a boy , Lynde .
she married James Ashley .
oh no , he just tormented her refined womanhood to the verge of frenzy , that was all .
he died when you were a baby .
I married her and brought her here .
we had fifteen years of happiness together .
marry your man , Lynde , and go away with him .
I 'm going back to the sea .
I 'll go out of your life .
when Captain Anthony had disappeared behind the Point , Alan turned to Lynde .
she was sobbing softly and her face was wet with tears .
Alan drew her head down on his shoulder .
like a child , she put her arms about his neck and their lips met .
Dr Clark shook his head gravely .
you must send her to the country , Miss Langley .
Patty 's illness had already swept away the scant savings of three years .
she did not make any answer to the doctor she could not .
she dared not say it was impossible .
but Aunt Emma had no such scruples .
it 's all nonsense about Patty , anyhow .
what she ought to do is to make an effort to get better .
she won't eat a thing I cook for her .
a dull red flush rose to Marcella 's face .
I suppose my cooking isn't fancy enough for you that 's the trouble .
well , I haven't the time to put any frills on it .
aunt Emma whirled the last dish from the table and left the room , slamming the door behind her .
the doctor shrugged his shoulders .
he had become used to Miss Gibson 's tirades during Patty 's illness .
this morning it seemed unbearable .
it took every atom of Marcella 's self-control to keep her from voicing her resentful thoughts .
it was only for Patty 's sake that she was able to restrain herself .
instead , she smiled bravely into the little sister 's eyes .
Patty gave a sigh of content .
aunt Emma always hurts me when she brushes my hair she is in such a hurry .
you 're so gentle , Marcella , you don't make my head ache at all .
I 'm so tired of being sick .
I wish I could get well faster .
Patty drew a long breath .
she was really very good to you when you were so sick .
she sat up night after night with you , and made me go to bed .
Marcella dropped a kiss on Patty 's cheek , put on her hat and went out .
as soon as she left the house , she quickened her steps almost to a run .
she feared she would be late , and that meant a ten-cent fine .
but fast as she went , her distracted thoughts went faster .
she could not send Patty to the country .
Marcella 's bitterness overflowed her soul at the thought .
she almost felt that she hated all those smiling , well-dressed people who thronged the streets .
by the time she reached the store , poor Marcella 's heart was seething with misery and resentment .
she had grudgingly offered the girls a home , which Marcella had accepted because she must .
the heat and noise and chatter got on Marcella 's tortured nerves .
nothing suited her .
then she mislaid her purse , and was disagreeable about that until it turned up .
a passionate answer was on the point of Marcella 's tongue .
all her bitterness and suffering and resentment flashed into her face and eyes .
for one moment she was determined to speak out , to repay Mrs Liddell 's insolence in kind .
a retort was ready to her hand .
everyone knew that Mrs Liddell , before her marriage to a wealthy man , had been a working girl .
but if she said it , what would follow ?
prompt and instant dismissal .
the thought of the little sister quelled the storm in Marcella 's soul .
for Patty 's sake she must control her temper and she did .
I did not mean to be inattentive .
but Mrs Liddell did not like the new lingerie waists which Marcella brought to her in her trembling hands .
when she had gone , Marcella leaned against the counter , pale and exhausted .
she must have a breathing spell .
she longed for the country herself .
during all this time a middle-aged woman had been sitting on a stool beside the bargain counter .
she was tall and gaunt and grey haired .
she watched Marcella and Mrs Liddell closely and lost nothing of all that was said and done on both sides .
when Mrs Liddell had gone , she rose and leaned over the counter .
Marcella opened her burning eyes and pulled herself wearily together .
aren't you awful tired ?
the kindness and sympathy in her tone broke Marcella down .
tears rushed to her eyes .
but it 's not that .
do you know what I said to myself ?
something must be done .
the older woman dropped the lingerie waist she was pretending to examine and stared at Marcella .
I 'm Josephine Draper .
then she went away , and after a few years I lost trace of her .
I didn't even know she was dead .
your sister is coming out to Dalesboro to stay with me .
yes , and you are too , for the whole summer .
I 've said so .
yes , Fir Cottage I guess you 've heard your mother speak of that .
it 's all ready for you .
what 's that ?
you can't afford to lose your place here ?
bless your heart , child , you won't lose it !
and I might never have found you out at all if you hadn't been so patient with that woman .
well , well well !
poor child , don't cry .
you just pick up and go home .
I 'll make it all right with Tom .
don't you dare to thank me .
it 's a privilege to be able to do something for Mary Carvell 's girls .
never were such delightful weeks as those that followed .
Patty came rapidly back to health and strength .
as for Marcella , Miss Draper 's prophecy was also fulfilled ; she soon looked and felt like another girl .
I don't propose to die of lonesomeness losing you , and I need somebody to help me about the house .
I 've thought it all out .
you are to call me Aunt Josephine , and Patty is to go to school .
no , you needn't thank me this time either .
well , that 's all settled .
for I shall go , of course , thought Margaret , as she walked briskly down the snowy road .
I 've always wanted to see the Rockies , and to go there with Mrs Boyd will double the pleasure .
she is such a delightful companion .
Margaret Campbell had been an orphan ever since she could remember .
the death of this cousin flung Margaret on her own resources .
Margaret lived with her for five years , and to the young girl they seemed treble the time .
in the end it brought her a more tangible reward than sometimes falls to the lot of the toiler .
and the first thing in it is our trip to Vancouver .
I 'm so glad I have the chance to go with you .
there was only one drawback , but it was a pretty serious one .
it 's so lonely by spells , Margaret sometimes thought wistfully .
all the joys my good fortune has brought me can't quite fill my heart .
there 's always one little empty , aching spot .
but there 's nobody .
well , I must try to be satisfied with friendship , instead .
Margaret 's meditations were interrupted by a brisk footstep behind her , and presently Dr Forbes came up .
isn't it a lovely day ?
I suppose you are on your professional rounds .
but I 'm sorry to say I have a new one and am very much worried about her .
yes , I 've met her once or twice .
it 's typhoid , and she has been going about longer than she should .
I don't know what is to be done with her .
she ought to be taken from the Wayes ' .
Dr Forbes shot a keen look at her from his deep-set eyes .
here 's a splendid chance to befriend a friendless girl .
well , I must run in here and have a look at Tommy Griggs ' eyes .
Margaret responded rather absently and walked on with her eyes fixed on the road .
somehow all the joy had gone out of the day for her , and out of her prospective trip .
she stopped on the little bridge and gazed unseeingly at the ice-bound creek .
no , of course , Dr Forbes did not mean anything of the sort .
he had not known she intended to go away .
Margaret tried to put the thought out of her mind , but it came insistently back .
she knew none better what it was to be alone and friendless .
once she had been ill , too , and left to the ministration of careless servants .
Margaret shuddered whenever she thought of that time .
altogether , Margaret 's walk was spoiled .
in the middle of the night she woke up .
it was calm and moonlight and frosty .
but she thought little about it .
during Freda 's convalescence Margaret learned to love her dearly .
one day Freda asked Margaret to write a note for her to a certain school chum .
Freda 's modest trunk had been brought to Fir Cottage , and Margaret went to it for the desk .
her mother 's name !
Margaret gave a little exclamation of astonishment .
could her mother have written that letter ?
it was not likely another woman would have that uncommon name .
Margaret caught up the letter and ran to Freda 's room .
there was not very good feeling between the two families , I think .
eventually this was proved to be the fact .
Margaret investigated the matter and discovered beyond a doubt that she and Freda were cousins .
it would be hard to say which of the two girls was the more delighted .
I have got somebody who really belongs to me .
and I owe it all to Dr Forbes .
we are going to have a trip through the Rockies , yes , indeedy .
this , Matthew felt , would be no great help .
he had recourse to his pipe that evening to help him study it out , much to Marilla 's disgust .
after two hours of smoking and hard reflection Matthew arrived at a solution of his problem .
Anne was not dressed like the other girls !
Marilla kept her clothed in plain , dark dresses , all made after the same unvarying pattern .
of course , it must be all right .
Marilla knew best and Marilla was bringing her up .
a nice new dress would be the very thing for a present .
it would be , he felt assured , no trifling ordeal .
after much cogitation Matthew resolved to go to Samuel Lawson 's store instead of William Blair 's .
but William Blair 's two daughters frequently waited on customers there and Matthew held them in absolute dread .
so he would go to Lawson 's , where Samuel or his son would wait on him .
during her absence Matthew collected his scattered senses for another effort .
Miss Harris had heard Matthew Cuthbert called odd .
she now concluded that he was entirely crazy .
at the threshold he recollected that he had not paid for it and he turned miserably back .
while Miss Harris was counting out his change he rallied his powers for a final desperate attempt .
Matthew had driven halfway home before he was his own man again .
you know I never use it except for the hired man 's porridge or black fruit-cake .
Jerry 's gone and I 've made my cake long ago .
Marilla was out of the question .
Matthew felt sure she would throw cold water on his project at once .
to be sure I will .
I 'm going to Carmody tomorrow and I 'll attend to it .
well , I 'll just go by my own judgment then .
well , I 'll do it .
no , it isn't a mite of trouble .
I like sewing .
you needn't worry a speck more about it , Matthew .
to herself she added when Matthew had gone :
but that 's always the way .
I 'm sure the child must feel the difference between her clothes and the other girls ' .
well , I must say I don't think Anne needed any more dresses .
I made her three good , warm , serviceable ones this fall , and anything more is sheer extravagance .
the puffs have been getting bigger and more ridiculous right along ; they 're as big as balloons now .
Christmas morning broke on a beautiful white world .
Anne peeped out from her frosted gable window with delighted eyes .
Anne ran downstairs singing until her voice re-echoed through Green Gables .
Merry Christmas , Matthew !
isn't it a lovely Christmas ?
I 'm so glad it 's white .
any other kind of Christmas doesn't seem real , does it ?
I don't like green Christmases .
what makes people call them green ?
Anne took the dress and looked at it in reverent silence .
but the sleeves they were the crowning glory !
for Anne 's eyes had suddenly filled with tears .
Anne laid the dress over a chair and clasped her hands .
look at those sleeves !
there 's a hair ribbon Mrs Lynde left for you .
it 's brown , to match the dress .
I 'm so glad that puffed sleeves are still fashionable .
I 'd never have felt quite satisfied , you see .
I feel that I ought to be a very good girl indeed .
but somehow it 's hard to carry out your resolutions when irresistible temptations come .
Anne flew down the slope to meet her .
and oh , it 's a wonderful Christmas .
Matthew has given me the loveliest dress , with such sleeves .
Josie Pye would be delighted .
mind you , Rob Wright went home with Gertie Pye from the practice night before last .
the concert came off in the evening and was a pronounced success .
it makes me thrill to think of it .
your solo was perfectly elegant , Diana .
I felt prouder than you did when it was encored .
when Mr Allan called out my name I really cannot tell how I ever got up on that platform .
then I thought of my lovely puffed sleeves and took courage .
I knew that I must live up to those sleeves , Diana .
I just felt like a parrot .
it was splendid to think I had touched somebody 's heart .
wait till I tell you .
when you ran off the platform after the fairy dialogue one of your roses fell out of your hair .
I saw Gil pick it up and put it in his breast pocket .
and she looked real nice , too .
though tonight it struck me she was growing quite a big girl .
Mrs Lynde made that dress a mite too long , and it makes Anne look so tall .
Mrs Falconer had reduced the practice of listening to a fine art .
some foolish ones even supposed that Mrs Falconer had forgotten it .
the case of Camilla Clark was agitating the Ladies ' Aid of one of the Lindsay churches .
the shock had proved nearly fatal to his young wife .
but she was still an invalid , and would be so for a long time .
the Clarks had come to Lindsay only a short time before the accident .
she knew that the Aids , one and all , thought that she ought to take Camilla Clark .
I 'm sorry for poor Camilla , and I wish I could help her .
he shook his head , still smiling .
this man was Mrs Falconer 's husband .
then there had been a train collision .
Malcolm Falconer was taken out of the wreck fearfully injured .
her conscience reproached her continually .
it was so good for delicate people .
why , she seemed little more than a child !
her great dark eyes were far too big for her wasted face , and her hands were almost transparent .
Mrs Falconer paused suddenly .
she was a very truthful woman and she instantly realized that that last sentence was not true .
but it will be so long yet .
she put her hands over her face and sobbed .
Mrs Falconer caught her breath .
before she could check herself Mrs Falconer spoke .
I want you to come and stay with me until you get perfectly well .
Mrs Falconer 's Rubicon was crossed .
she could not draw back now if she wanted to .
but she was not at all sure that she did want to .
by the time she reached home she was sure she didn't want to .
and yet to give Missy 's room to Camilla !
she went up to it the next morning with firmly set lips to air and dust it .
nothing had ever been moved or changed , but everything had always been kept beautifully neat and clean .
Snow-white muslin curtains hung before the small square window .
in one corner was a little white bed .
it just goes to my heart to think of putting these things away .
but I must do it .
she opened the window and put fresh linen on the bed .
one by one Missy 's little belongings were removed and packed carefully away .
she remembered so plainly the first time Missy had worn it .
oh , where was Missy now ?
what roof sheltered her ?
Camilla Clark came that afternoon .
I 'm so weak that sounds like that worry me .
but it is so still and green and peaceful here .
it was not as hard as she had expected it to be after all .
Camilla looked surprised .
for fifteen years she had never spoken of Missy to a living soul except her husband .
but now she felt a sudden impulse to tell Camilla about her , and about the room .
that was the little name she gave herself when she began to talk .
she was a pretty girl and gay and fond of fun but such a good girl .
oh , Missy was always a good girl !
then Bert Williams came to Lindsay to work in the factory .
he fascinated Missy .
then our poor , foolish child used to meet him elsewhere .
we found this out afterwards .
and I was angry too .
I didn't send her any word at all .
if I had just sent her one little word of forgiveness , everything might have been different .
Bert cleared out and was never seen again in these parts .
I got a letter from her the next week .
we did everything we could to trace her , but we never could .
we 've never heard from her since , and it is fifteen years ago .
sometimes I am afraid she is dead , but then again I feel sure she isn't .
oh , Camilla , if I could only find my poor child and bring her home !
nobody has ever been inside the door but myself .
Mrs Falconer dropped her face in her hands and sobbed softly .
Camilla came over to her and put her arms about her .
wondering who it could be so late , she opened it .
Mrs Falconer gave a cry .
she caught the poor wanderer to her heart and drew her in .
I 've been sick , and just as soon as I got better I came here .
I didn't know if you were .
and then I meant to go right away on the night train .
I was under the window and I heard you telling my story to someone .
the mother had got her child into a rocking-chair and removed the shabby hat and cloak .
I went as far as I could get away from you , and I got work in a factory .
oh , I 've starved for a word from you the sight of your face !
but he forgave you before it happened .
you 're too weak to be travelling .
but never mind , you 're home now , and I 'll soon nurse you up .
but , oh , Missy , I can't take you to your own room after all .
I 'll fix up a bed for you on the sofa , though .
oh , I don't deserve such a blessing when I was so unwilling to take Camilla !
but I know one thing : this is going to be Camilla 's home .
Ted 's Afternoon Off
Ted was up at five that morning , as usual .
thrilling with excitement , he saw that it was going to be a glorious day .
oh , it would be a splendid day !
it almost seemed too good to be true !
he had an inner life of dreams , but nobody knew or suspected anything about that .
it was as yet too early to light the fire or go for the cows .
Ted crept softly to a corner in the garret and took from the wall an old brown fiddle .
it had been his father 's .
but he did it all cheerily and whistled for joy as he worked .
after dinner Mrs Ross came in .
she was not a very cheerful person and generally spoke as if on the point of bursting into tears .
she looked more doleful than ever today , and lost no time in explaining why .
there 's no one else I can get , and Amelia is away .
I 'll be back this evening .
he was counting on having you to fiddle for him , though .
speaking of fiddling , there 's a great fiddler stopping at the hotel now .
his name is Blair Milford , and he makes his living fiddling at concerts .
I knew him well when he was a child I was nurse in his father 's family .
he was a taking little chap , and I was real fond of him .
well , I must be getting .
Mrs Ross sighed herself away , and Ted flew up to his garret corner with a choking in his throat .
he had been looking forward to it , waking and dreaming , for a fortnight .
he must go .
it was too bad for him to be left all alone .
and Jimmy doesn't like reading much .
I 'll be thinking of him all the time at the picnic I know I will .
making up his mind to it was a slow and difficult process .
he 's crying in there this minute .
come now , Jimmy , dry up .
Jimmy 's tears were soon dried , and he welcomed Ted joyfully .
Ted took his violin and began to play .
after all , it was almost as good as a picnic to have a whole afternoon for his music .
the stuffy little room , with its dingy plaster and shabby furniture , was filled with wonderful harmonies .
once he began , Ted could play for hours at a stretch and never be conscious of fatigue .
Jimmy lay and listened in rapturous content while Ted 's violin sang and laughed and dreamed and rippled .
there was another listener besides Jimmy .
Motionless , he sat there and listened to the music until at last it stopped .
then he rose and knocked at the door .
Ted , violin in hand , opened it .
I must confess I 've been sitting on the step out there for some time , listening to your music .
the caller looked at him closely .
your playing is wonderful .
you should have competent instruction .
then he made Ted play for him again .
finally he took the violin and played himself .
Ted and Jimmy listened breathlessly .
Blair Milford smiled .
nature is always taking us by surprise .
this child has what I have never had and would make any sacrifice for .
and yet in him it may come to naught for lack of opportunity .
but it must not , Ted .
for once I 'll take a music pupil .
Blair Milford laughed and put his slim white hand on Ted 's curly head .
it is a privilege .
you don't understand me .
but , oh , Jimmy , I 'm so happy .
Blair Milford kept his promise .
I 've talked to Mr Jackson , and he has consented to let you come .
Ted drew a long breath .
the Doctor 's Sweetheart
mine hasn't , I am thankful to say .
it bounded like a girl 's with delight when I saw Doctor John and Marcella Barry drive past this afternoon .
if the doctor had been my own son I couldn't have felt more real pleasure in his happiness .
I didn't say anything to Mrs Riddell .
I just looked at her .
I presume my face expressed what I felt pretty clearly .
I hadn't lived beside her for eight years to know so little about her as to doubt her .
neither had Doctor John .
Marcella was only eight years old when she came to live in Bridgeport .
her father , Chester Barry , had just died .
as to which side the difference favors , that isn't for me to say .
so Marcella came to live with us in Bridgeport .
besides , Marcella was one of those children whom everybody loves at sight , and keeps on loving .
one long , steady gaze from those big grayish-blue black-lashed eyes of hers went right into your heart and stayed there .
she was a pretty child and as good as she was pretty .
she and I were right good friends from the beginning .
he was kind and brave and gentle , but a little distant and reserved with most people .
Doctor John was always fond of children , and they of him .
it was natural that he and little Marcella should take to each other .
he had the most to do with bringing her up , for Miss Sara consulted him in everything .
Marcella was one of those girls who develop early .
but , at fifteen , she was a woman , loving , beautiful , and spirited .
and Doctor John loved her loved the woman , not the child .
those Barrys were the nightmare dread of poor Miss Sara 's life .
the time came when Doctor John 's eyes were opened .
he looked into his own heart and read there what life had written for him .
as he told me long afterwards , it came to him with a shock that left him white-lipped .
Doctor John , for Marcella 's sake , gave the decision against his own heart .
I said nothing and gave no advice , not having lived seventy-five years for nothing .
so that to this day I don't know how the doctor found out that Marcella loved him .
Miss Sara laughed and cried and kissed and forboded what the Barrys would do .
her forebodings proved only too true .
he descended on Bridgeport and completely overwhelmed poor Miss Sara in his wrath .
he laughed at the idea of countenancing an engagement between a child like Marcella and an obscure country doctor .
and he carried Marcella off with him !
she had to go , of course .
he was her legal guardian and he would listen to no pleadings .
she was as cool and dignified and stately as a young queen .
on the night before she went away she came over to say good-bye to me .
that is the only promise I can make .
they will not let me write to John or Aunt Sara and I will do nothing underhanded .
Richard Barry would not even let her see Doctor John alone again .
she had to bid him good-bye beneath the cold , contemptuous eyes of the man of the world .
and I saw Richard Barry smile .
everybody sympathized with the doctor because everybody believed he had lost his sweetheart .
I 'm sorry for the doctor , though .
there are times when Martha Riddell gets on my nerves .
Even Miss Sara exasperated me .
but then she had her excuse .
the child she loved as her own had been torn from her and it almost broke her heart .
but even so , I thought she ought to have had a little more faith in Marcella .
but they 'll wean her away from me .
when a person has made up her mind to be miserable you just have to let her be miserable .
but when he came I saw I needn't have worried .
so Doctor John waited and believed .
we knew she was sent to school for three years ; then the Barrys took her abroad .
she was presented at court .
the paper told of her triumph and her beauty and hinted at a titled match .
was it probable or even possible that she would be faithful to him after all this ?
the doctor must have guessed my thoughts , for at last he looked up with a smile .
but they pass quickly .
one day I remembered that it was Marcella 's twenty-first birthday .
only one other person thought of it .
Even Miss Sara did not .
Miss Sara remembered Marcella only as a child that had been loved and lost .
nobody else in Bridgeport thought about her at all .
the doctor came in that evening .
he had a rose in his buttonhole and he walked with a step as light as a boy 's .
I don't know what made me say it .
I hate to be one of those people who throw cold water on other peoples ' hopes .
but it slipped out before I thought .
but the doctor only laughed .
dear Miss Tranquil , don't spoil your beautiful record of confidence by doubting her now .
he was much calmer than I was .
she was out somewhere , so I sat down in her little sitting room to wait for her .
it was such a beautiful evening .
we heard somebody come through the door and down the hall .
I turned , expecting to see Miss Sara and I saw Marcella !
I went out by the dining-room door and shut it behind me , leaving them alone together .
the wedding is to be next month .
Miss Sara is beside herself with delight .
I 've snubbed more persons in the last ten days than I ever did in all my life before .
nothing of this worries Doctor John or Marcella .
they are too happy to care for gossip or outside curiosity .
the End of the Young Family Feud
after Grandfather Young 's death there had been a wretched quarrel over the property .
this was why we had never visited Monkshead .
my private opinion in those days was that he would boil us in oil and pick our bones .
uncle Norman and Aunt Jean had been living out west for years .
three months before this Christmas they had come east , bought a house in Monkshead , and settled there .
Christmas morning was fine , white as a pearl and clear as a diamond .
when we stepped from the train the stationmaster asked us if we were the three Miss Youngs .
we took the letter and went into the waiting room with sundry misgivings .
what had happened ?
Elizabeth opened and read the letter aloud .
it was from Aunt Jean to the following effect :
DEAR GIRLS : I am so sorry to disappoint you , but I cannot help it .
I know you have started before this , so there is no use in telegraphing .
we want you to go right to the house and make yourself at home .
you will find the key under the kitchen doorstep , and the dinner in the pantry all ready to cook .
you will find a little Christmas remembrance for each of you on the dining-room table .
we looked at each other somewhat dolefully .
see that red house on the hill ?
the red house was about a quarter of a mile from the station , and we saw it plainly .
accordingly , to the red house we betook ourselves .
we found the key under the kitchen doorstep and went in .
I must say we were surprised when we opened those parcels .
Elizabeth put on her collar and paraded in front of the sideboard mirror .
everything in the room was equally dusty .
I couldn't help feeling secretly surprised , for Aunt Jean had the reputation of being a perfect housekeeper .
however , I didn't say anything , and neither did the other girls .
we found the dinner supplies laid out as Aunt Jean had explained .
it was nowhere to be seen , so we concluded it must be in the cellar .
but we found the cellar door padlocked good and fast .
we only eat it because it is the proper traditional dessert .
we kindled a fire in the dining room and dusted everything in sight .
we couldn't find anything remotely resembling a duster , so we used our handkerchiefs .
then we set the table with all the nice dishes we could find .
I wasn't frightened .
I 'm William Young .
who are you ?
my very first impulse was to put up my hand and cover the gold watch .
Alberta had dropped the carving knife and was trying desperately to get the gold bracelet off under the table .
in a flash we had realized our mistake and its awfulness .
Elizabeth rose to the occasion .
rising to the occasion is another of Elizabeth 's specialties .
the stationmaster told us that this was the house , so we came here .
we have never been in Monkshead , so we did not know the difference .
Alberta rose , went to the mantel piece , took the key of the bracelet therefrom , and unlocked it .
then she faced Uncle William .
Elizabeth and I rose with a sigh .
accidents seem to be rather fashionable just now .
come , introduce yourselves .
well , I 'm very glad to make your acquaintance .
sit down and we 'll have dinner as soon as I can get my coat off .
we sat down , and so did Uncle William .
soon , to our surprise , we found that we were enjoying ourselves .
uncle William seemed to be , too .
when we had finished he leaned back and looked at us .
Margaret Hannah did , though .
uncle William laughed .
I 've been sorry for it ever since .
I was in the wrong .
we 'll take the double sleigh and have a jolly drive this afternoon .
and about those trinkets there they are yours .
I did get them for some young friends of mine here , but I 'll give them something else .
I want you to have these .
uncle William got his hugs heartily ; then we washed up the dishes and went for our drive .
we got back just in time to catch the evening train home .
there were tears in his eyes .
he did not wait for Uncle William to come down , but went to Monkshead himself the next day .
in the spring Alberta is to go and live with Uncle William .
she is making a supply of dusters now .
and next Christmas we are going to have a grand family reunion at the old homestead .
mistakes are not always bad .
the Genesis of the Doughnut Club
when John Henry died there seemed to be nothing for me to do but pack up and go back east .
I wanted to stay in Carleton .
it made quite a commotion ; I had that much satisfaction out of it to begin with .
Susanna wasn't any too well pleased .
all the neighbours shook their heads , and warned me I wouldn't like it .
I just smiled and said nothing .
well , I came out here to Carleton , and from the time I got here I was perfectly happy .
I told them from the start I would not be called Miss .
when a woman has been Miss for forty-five years she gets tired of it .
fill that up with tasty victuals , and then you can do something with his spiritual nature .
probably his grandfather had dyspepsia .
and a dyspeptic ancestor is worse for a boy than predestination , in my opinion .
John Henry took typhoid and died .
but I was determined to give my boys one good celebration before I went , anyway .
I counted up the boys I must have , and there were fifteen , including the minister .
I just threw myself heart and soul into the preparations for that dinner .
Jimmy had something on his mind , I saw that .
I knew he was just at the critical point .
your sublime cookery will delight him .
he adores the west , but he can't endure its cooking .
he 's always harping on his mother 's pantry and the good old down-east dinners .
I cried .
and then an awful thought assailed me .
well , I must be going .
I was afraid I should never be able to forgive Jimmy .
most of the boys had to go away soon after dinner .
and my boys had appreciated it , there wasn't any doubt about that .
Peter Crockett and Tommy Gray stayed to help me wash the dishes , and we had the jolliest time ever .
afterward we picked the turkey bones .
but that night I realized that I was once more a useless , lonely old woman .
I wiped away my tears and went to the door .
I have a proposition to make to you .
in fact we shall probably make it our home eventually .
we want plain , substantial old-time meals and cookery .
we 're all horribly tired of hotel fare and fancy fol-de-rols with French names .
a place where we could get a dinner such as you served yesterday would be a boon to us .
he named the salary the club would pay and the very sound of it made me feel rich .
you may be sure I didn't take long to decide .
you hobnob with everyone , even that old man who comes around buying eggs .
Pauline hid a rather undutiful smile behind her napkin .
aunt Olivia 's snobbish opinions always amused her .
what is the use of being so exclusive , Aunt Olivia ?
you miss so much fun .
Mrs Wallace could never understand why the Morgan Knowles shut her from their charmed circle .
she looks like a very womanly , well-bred sort of girl .
why should you think her a tomboy because she drives cows ?
cows are placid , useful animals witness this delicious cream which I am pouring over my blueberries .
and they have to be driven .
I loved that girl , Aunt Olivia , and I correspond with her .
they 're pasturing their cows on the upper farm this summer .
she has a pair of grey eyes that can't possibly always look sensible .
I think they must mellow occasionally into fun and jollity and wholesome nonsense .
well , I 'm off to the shore .
I want to get that photograph of the Cove this evening , if possible .
her hat was hung over her arm , and the low evening sunlight shone redly over her smooth glossy head .
Pauline promptly gave her the provocation .
Ada Cameron did more than smile .
she laughed outright and went over to the fence where Pauline was sitting on a stump .
but it takes two to make a friendship like a bargain .
that was the beginning of a friendship that made poor Mrs Wallace groan outwardly as well as inwardly .
Pauline and Ada found that they liked each other even more than they had expected to .
they walked , rowed , berried and picnicked together .
she is sensible and frank .
she has a sense of humour and a great deal of insight into character witness her liking for your niece !
and she has the finest profile I ever saw .
Pauline laughed again , but she sighed as she went to her room .
aunt Olivia has the kindest heart in the world , she thought .
what a pity she isn't able to see things as they really are !
my friendship with Ada can't be perfect if I can't invite her to my home .
the summer waned , and August burned itself out .
Pauline wished she could have said : but you must come and visit me in the winter .
there , that 's the very expression .
Mrs Wallace was out , but it was Pauline whom stately Mrs Morgan Knowles asked for .
she liked Pauline 's simplicity of manner .
it was more than she had expected from the aunt 's rather vulgar affectations .
aunt Olivia was too much overcome to say anything .
aunt Jemima gave me this diary for a Christmas present .
it 's just the sort of gift a person named Jemima would be likely to make .
probably she didn't think about it at all .
I 'm sure I 'm the last girl in the world to keep a diary .
I 'm not a bit sentimental and I never have time for soul outpourings .
it 's jollier to be out skating or snowshoeing or just tramping around .
and besides , nothing ever happens to me worth writing in a diary .
Jen and Alice and Sue would have plenty to write about , I dare say .
people say men are interesting .
they may be .
but I shall never get well enough acquainted with any of them to find out .
I coaxed off this winter .
mother yielded for this time , but said I must be brought out next winter or people would talk .
oh , I hate the thought of it !
I can't talk and men frighten me to death .
if I could only go back four years and stay there !
mother laments over it muchly .
she married Grandmother Marshall 's son , and Grandmother Marshall was as shy as she was economical .
mother triumphed over heredity with Jen and Sue and Alice , but it came off best with me .
the other girls are noted for their grace and tact .
but I 'm the black sheep and always will be .
it wouldn't worry me so much if they 'd leave me alone and stop nagging me .
I 've been used to shutting them all up in my soul and then they sometimes fermented and made trouble .
but when we were crossing the hall I stepped on Mrs Burnett 's train and something tore .
it was just when the pudding came on that I got the most unkindest cut of all .
Mrs Allardyce remarked that Sidney Elliot was coming home to Stillwater .
Jen is twenty-six , and Stillwater is next door to our place !
if Sidney Elliot were coming home everything would be spoiled .
we had no woods , no lake .
I hated Sidney Elliot .
it is ten years since Sidney Elliot closed Stillwater and went abroad .
he is said to be a cynic and to detest society .
if this latter item be a fact I almost feel a grim pity for him .
he may detest it , but he will be dragged into it .
I feel like crying .
if Sidney Elliot comes home I shall be debarred from Stillwater .
it is flagrantly unfair .
oh , I hate him !
no , I don't .
I believe I like him .
yet it 's almost unbelievable .
I 've always thought men so detestable .
I 'm tingling all over with the surprise and pleasure of a little unexpected adventure .
may her shadow never grow less .
this evening I started out for a last long lingering ramble in my beloved Stillwater woods .
I dressed myself comfortably for climbing fences and skimming over snowy wastes .
thus accoutred , I sallied forth .
it was such a lovely evening that I couldn't help enjoying myself in spite of my sorrows .
then I saw him !
I knew it was Sidney Elliot in a moment .
after my first mad impulse to rush away and bury myself in the wilderness that smile put me at ease .
but it was the smile of a grandfather for a child , and I just grinned cheerfully back at him .
nobody expected you till next week .
old bachelors always are .
I do resent your coming so soon .
I resent your coming at all .
but he shook his head sorrowfully .
it 's so lovely and roomy I can lose myself in it .
besides , I was afraid I 'd meet you ....y and I don't like meeting men .
I hate to have them around ....y
let's be good friends , little lass .
I slipped down from the fence and shook hands with him .
he was so sympathetic and agreed with me that it was a pity people had to grow up .
he promised to come over tomorrow and look at Don 's leg .
Don is one of my dogs , and he has got a bad leg .
I 've been doctoring it myself , but it doesn't get any better .
Sidney thinks he can cure it .
he says I must call him Sidney if I want him to call me Nic .
he took my hand and we ran down the slope and went skimming over the ice .
it was glorious .
it was big and dark and silent .
I asked quickly .
I 'm stopping at the hotel over in Croyden .
the house will need some fixing up before it 's fit to live in .
I just came down tonight to look at it and took a short cut through the woods .
I 'm glad I did .
I thought I had never seen a child so full of the pure joy of existence .
you 'll never find anything to take its place after it goes .
I don't know what made me say it .
he laughed and pulled his coat collar up around his ears .
he was off across the lake , and I came home .
yes , I do like him , even if he is a man .
I always go to Sidney now in a blue mood that has a real cause .
he can cheer me up in five minutes .
Sidney has been living at Stillwater for a month .
he came to our place the next day after I met him in the woods .
we have had splendid times since then .
we are just the jolliest chums and we tramp about everywhere together and go skating and snowshoeing and riding .
we read a lot of books together too , and Sidney always explains everything I don't understand .
I 'm not a bit shy and I can always find plenty to say to him .
he isn't at all like any other man I know .
everybody likes him , but the women seem to be a little afraid of him .
they say he is so terribly cynical and satirical .
there 's only one thing about Sidney that I hardly like .
of course , I don't want him to look upon me as grown up .
these are the best things ....y
he said he would , because it was a shame to worry children about society .
but somehow I 've concluded not to bother making a fuss .
I have to come out some time , and I might as well take the plunge and get it over .
they fight every time they meet , so I don't see why Mrs Burnett should think things .
Amy says Mr Elliot was never the same man again .
no doubt that is why she is coming to Riverton .
I 'm so glad I never liked Mrs Burnett .
I wonder if it is true that Sidney did care for that horrid woman ....v of course she is horrid !
didn't she marry an old man for his money ? ....n and cares for her still .
it is no business of mine , of course , and it doesn't matter to me at all .
he wouldn't have time to be chums with me then .
I don't know why I feel so dull tonight .
I dare say it 's the weather .
it must be the weather .
it is a wet , windy night and the rain is thudding against the window .
I hate rainy nights .
I wonder if Mrs Rennie is really as handsome as Mrs Burnett says .
I wonder how old she is .
no woman who cared for Sidney could ever have thrown him over for an old moneybag .
I wonder if I shall like her .
no , I won't .
I 'm sure I shan't like her .
my head is aching and I 'm going to bed .
Mrs Rennie was here to dinner tonight .
I wanted to see Mrs Rennie .
I 've heard of her beauty and charm and costumes until I 'm sick of the subject .
today I spoke to Sidney about her .
come , Nic , get on the sled .
don't let it grow on you .
I knew her at once when I went down to the drawing-room .
I felt such a horrible queer sinking feeling at my heart when I saw her .
oh , she was beautiful ....y
I had never seen anyone so beautiful .
I noticed that at a glance .
she was so tall and slender and willowy .
her dress was wonderful , and her bare throat and shoulders were like pearls .
I couldn't eat anything .
Sidney took Mrs Rennie in ; they sat opposite to me and talked all the time .
that was all .
aunt Jemima would not think I was getting the good out of my diary .
I don't know what is the matter with me .
Mrs Rennie has been queening it in Riverton society for the past month .
people rave over her and I admire her horribly , although I don't like her .
it 's plain to be seen that Mrs Rennie loves Sidney .
even I can see that , and I don't know much about such things .
but it puzzles me to know how Sidney regards her .
I have never thought he showed any sign of really caring for her .
but then , he isn't the kind that would .
Sidney laughed , as if he were heartily amused at something .
I don't know what I 'd do without you , Nic .
you keep me sane and wholesome .
I was rather pleased .
it was nice to think I was some good to Sidney .
I asked .
Sidney nodded .
the question just asked itself .
I cried .
I asked .
I could see he wasn't thinking of me at all .
I wondered if he were thinking of Mrs Rennie .
oh , something so wonderful has happened .
I can hardly believe it .
there are moments when I quake with the fear that it is all a dream .
I wonder if I can really be the same Cornelia Marshall I was yesterday .
no , I 'm not the same ....y and the difference is so blessed .
oh , I 'm so happy !
my heart bubbles over with happiness and song .
you dear diary , you were made for this moment ....y
I shall write all about it in you and so fulfil your destiny .
I shall have Sidney .
last night I was all alone in the house ....v and I was so lonely and miserable .
I put my chin on my hands and I thought ....y and thought ....y and thought .
I wondered if Sidney would like me in it .
I lighted the gas , rummaged , and went to work .
then I put on her last winter 's party dress .
finally I stepped back and looked at myself .
with my heart beating wildly I trailed downstairs to Sidney .
he was standing by the fireplace when I went in , and looked very tired .
when he heard me he turned his head and our eyes met .
I knew it the moment I saw that strange , new expression leap into his eyes .
I was so miserable and confused I didn't know what I said .
I 'll always be a little girl !
I 'll go and take it off ....y
what happened after that isn't to be written in a diary .
Even Ruggles and I like him on the average .
Ruggles was mad because he 's gone on Em .
Em probably said it to provoke Ruggles ; she couldn't really have thought it .
he is splendid : big six-footer with magnificent muscles , red cheeks , and curly yellow hair .
Sylvia Grant did go down the street , however .
Ruggles , hanging halfway out of the window as usual , saw her , and called me to go and look .
of course I went .
there was no girl in Frampton who could hold a candle to her when it came to beauty .
as for brains , that is another thing altogether .
Ruggles should have written this story ; he can concentrate better .
Sylvia was the Latin professor 's daughter ; she wasn't a Cad girl , of course .
he was so handsome , we didn't see how she could help it .
I tell you , they made a dandy-looking couple when they were together .
her hair was shining under it , all purply-black , and she looked sweet enough to eat .
he didn't do much talking ; he was too shy , and he looked mighty uncomfortable .
as he passed beneath our window Ruggles chuckled fiendishly .
I said doubtfully .
you 'll have to , Ruggles .
Ruggles turned red .
I know he writes to Em White in vacations .
but you 'll have to copy it .
won't she feel kind of flattish when she finds out he didn't write it ?
for of course he 'll tell her .
I 've seen her eyes shine over tricks we 've played on the professors before now .
she 'll just laugh .
I know from the way she acts with him .
well , Ruggles wrote the letter .
at first he tried to pass it off on me as his own composition .
I told him so , and made him own up .
he had a copy of an old letter that had been written to his sister by her young man .
I suppose Ruggles had stolen it , but there is no use inquiring too closely into these things .
anyhow , that letter just filled the bill .
it was beautifully expressed .
Ruggles 's sister 's young man must have possessed lots of ability .
Ruggles and I never meant to listen , upon my word we didn't .
they couldn't see us , but we could see them quite plainly .
his voice actually trembled .
his eyes just blazed , but his face went white .
he bent forward and took her hand .
why why I 've treasured up old geometry exercises you wrote out for me just because you wrote them .
but I thought I could never make you care for me .
but I never dreamed that you could care for me .
at this point Ruggles and I differ as to what came next .
but I 'm sure she just turned her face and gave him a look and then he kissed her .
it was awful .
Ruggles and I would have given anything on earth to be out of that .
it was a girl 's exclamation , but nothing else would have expressed his feelings .
it passes comprehension .
she 'd go wild if she ever found out the letter was a hoax .
we have made that match , Ruggles .
so it 's all right .
the Parting of The Ways
her eyes were very bright , and an unusual flush stained the pallor of her cheek .
two men who were lounging in one corner of the hotel piazza looked admiringly after her .
they were much together .
still , there may have been nothing wrong .
she was old Judge Carmody 's daughter , you know .
Longworth got Carmody under his thumb in money matters and put the screws on .
they say he made Carmody 's daughter the price of the old man 's redemption .
the girl herself was a mere child , I shall never forget her face on her wedding day .
but she 's been plucky since then , I must say .
if she has suffered , she hasn't shown it .
I don't suppose Longworth ever ill-treats her .
he isn't that sort .
the youth sprang to his feet at sight of her , and his big brown eyes kindled to a glow .
Mrs Longworth smiled to him .
but he and Mrs Longworth had been congenial from their first meeting .
he spoke eagerly , patting the big gray boulder beside him with his slim , brown hand .
for a moment Beatrice hesitated .
she wanted to be alone just then .
but his clever , homely face was so appealing that she yielded and sat down .
I love to look at you .
will you tilt that hat a little more over the left eye-brow ?
his tone and manner were all simplicity .
he nodded .
I 've told you all my dreams , you know .
he is in Rome .
think of it in Rome !
I 'm to go on with my art studies there .
suddenly his face changed .
I couldn't go away without thanking you .
I 'll make a mess of it I can never explain things .
but you 've been so much to me you mean so much to me .
my mother wasn't a good woman .
when I was eight years old she went away with a scoundrel .
it broke father 's heart .
nobody thought I understood , I was such a little fellow .
but I did .
I heard them talking .
I knew she had brought shame and disgrace on herself and us .
and I had loved her so !
they were hirelings , and I hated and feared them .
there was an aunt of mine she tried to be good to me in her way .
but she told me a lie , and I never cared for her after I found it out .
and then , father we loved each other and were good chums .
but he didn't believe in much either .
he was bitter , you know .
he said all women were alike .
I grew up with that notion .
he paused again .
Beatrice had listened with a gray look on her face .
I was nothing but a clod before .
you are not the mother of my body , but you are of my soul .
it was born of you .
you will always be my ideal .
you will be a lifelong inspiration to me .
oh , I am bungling this !
you would kill every good impulse and belief in me .
she stood up and held out her hand .
good-bye , dear laddie .
write to me from Rome .
I shall always be glad to hear from you wherever you are .
he sprang to his feet and took her hand , lifting it to his lips with boyish reverence .
when Mrs Longworth found herself in her room again , she unlocked her desk and took out a letter .
it was addressed to Mr Maurice Cunningham .
then it crumbled into gray ashes .
she drew a long breath and hid her face in her hands .
Ernest Duncan swung himself off the platform of David White 's store and walked whistling up the street .
life seemed good to Ernest just then .
but it will be a queer thing if your father 's son hasn't .
I 'll give his son a chance , anyhow .
he was hard-working , conscientious , and obliging .
Mr White was satisfied .
he was beginning to grow old .
that would all come in due time .
David White was a shrewd man .
but then , old Jacob Patterson was noted as much for his surliness as for his miserliness .
he has no other pleasure or affection or ambition .
when he dies I don't suppose a single regret will follow him .
Jacob Patterson , I 'm sorry for you .
Ernest and his mother lived up on the hill , at the end of the straggling village street .
he ran gaily into the sitting-room .
I 'm hungry as a wolf .
good news gives one an appetite .
we must celebrate the event somehow this evening .
what do you say to a sail on the river and an ice cream at Taylor 's afterwards ?
Mrs Duncan had been standing before the window with her back to the room when Ernest entered .
when she turned he saw that she had been crying .
that is unfortunate .
but you say that Jacob Patterson showed you a promissory note of Father 's still in existence ?
how can that be ?
it can't possibly be the note he paid .
I must tell you the whole story , Ernest .
I remember the day well .
he went up to the Patterson place in the afternoon with the money .
it was a very hot day .
James Patterson receipted the note and gave it to your father .
he then went over to see Paul Sinclair .
a thunderstorm came up while he was on the road .
it was weeks before he came to himself at all .
he never did come completely to himself again .
your father could never remember what he did with it when he left James Patterson 's .
neither Mr Sinclair nor his wife could recollect seeing anything of it at the time of the accident .
he did so and your father signed it .
he said he found it among his brother 's papers .
I suppose it has been in the desk up at the Patterson place ever since James went to California .
he died last winter and Jacob is his sole heir .
Ernest , that note with the compound interest on it for seven years amounts to over eleven hundred dollars .
no doubt he believes that he really holds Father 's unpaid note .
he will exact every penny of the debt .
the note did not turn up .
old Jacob Patterson proved obdurate .
Ernest had grown old in the days that had followed Jacob Patterson 's demand .
his boyish face was pale and haggard .
I would only get further and further behind .
it would be necessary to cut their modest expenses down severely .
altogether , Ernest felt bitter and disheartened ; his step lacked spring and his face its smile .
he did his work with dogged faithfulness , but he no longer found pleasure in it .
Paul Sinclair , his father 's friend and cousin , died that winter , leaving two small children .
his wife had died the previous year .
when his business affairs came to be settled they were found to be sadly involved .
they were homeless and penniless .
Mrs Duncan sighed .
you deny yourself too much and work too hard now .
I 'd be glad to do anything I could for them , poor little souls .
they 're such little fellows .
who knows how they would be treated if they were taken by strangers ?
and they 'd most likely be separated , and that would be a shame .
but I leave it for you to decide , Ernest .
Ernest did not decide at once .
to take the two Sinclair boys meant a double portion of toil and self-denial .
in the end he said to his mother :
so Danny and Frank Sinclair came to the little cottage .
they worshipped Mrs Duncan , and thought Ernest the finest fellow in the world .
on Ernest 's birthday both boys gave him their offerings after breakfast .
it 'll cut real well if you hold it dust the wight way .
I don't think the History of the Turks will keep you up burning the midnight oil .
I remember that book of old I could never forget that gorgeous cover .
Mr Sinclair lent it to your father once , and he said it was absolute trash .
Ernest had been turning the book 's leaves over carelessly .
suddenly he sprang to his feet with an exclamation , his face turning white as marble .
mother and son looked at each other for a moment .
then Mrs Duncan began to laugh and cry together .
I remember seeing the gleam of the red binding in his hand as he went out of the gate .
he must have slipped the note into it and I suppose the book has never been opened since .
I must see Mr White about this .
don't be too sanguine .
we 'll have to leave it to his sense of justice .
nobody can ever say Jacob Patterson cheated .
I took what I believed to be my due .
since I 'm convinced it wasn't I 'll hand every penny over .
though , mind you , you couldn't make me do it by law .
Danny and Frank were with them , of course .
I 'm ashamed to think that I was unwilling to do it at first .
if it hadn't been for what you said , I wouldn't have .
Louisa had said something similar in spirit to Mary Isabel almost every day of her life .
Mary Isabel had never resented it , even when it hurt her bitterly .
they were sitting together in the dim living room of their quaint old cottage down by the shore .
Mary Isabel was still pretty , and vanity is the last thing to desert a properly constructed woman .
then it was that Louisa made the remark quoted above .
it 's fortunate you have somebody to keep you from making a fool of yourself .
I 'm going to town tomorrow and I 'll pick you out a suitable black bonnet .
nobody cares how I look anyhow .
but can't I go to town with you ?
Louisa wanted to know , in genuine amazement .
no , no , Mary Isabel , don't be foolish .
you must let me choose for you ; you know you never had any judgment .
mother told you so often enough .
now , get your sunbonnet and take a walk to the shore .
you look tired .
but if she had known Mary Isabel 's secret she would never have permitted those walks to the shore .
Mary Isabel sighed again , yielded , and went out .
then Louisa had come back to the porch door and ostentatiously washed her hands .
Dr Hamilton was an excellent physician and an equally excellent man .
Louisa Irving could not have picked a flaw in his history or character .
Mary Isabel did not look at the Hamilton house .
men did things like that instinctively in Mary Isabel 's company .
Dr Hamilton smiled at the little troubled face under the big sunbonnet .
Mary Isabel had to wear a sunbonnet .
she would never have done it from choice .
I have just been foolish , that is all .
the doctor looked indignant but held his peace .
he and Mary Isabel had tacitly agreed never to discuss Louisa , because such discussion would not make for harmony .
Mary Isabel was too hopelessly under Louisa 's thumb .
besides , the doctor wasn't quite sure that he really wanted anything more .
Louisa will not permit it .
Mary Isabel coloured prettily .
bless you , I understand .
what a good hater your sister is !
such a tenacity in holding bitterness from one generation to another commands admiration of a certain sort .
by the way , they 're tearing down the old post office today .
and that reminds me by Jove , I 'd all but forgotten .
with a wave of his hand the doctor hurried off .
Mary Isabel lingered for some time longer , leaning against the fence , looking dreamily out to sea .
the doctor was a very pleasant companion .
if only Louisa would allow neighbourliness !
guess the news 'll be rather stale .
she went into the room trembling , holding the letter tightly in her clasped hands .
Mary Isabel , who had idolized her brother , almost grieved herself to death at the time .
finally she opened the letter with ice-cold fingers .
it had been written soon after Tom reached California .
I was going to speak to you about it before I came away , but I forgot .
giving in the way you do is bad for both you and Louisa .
it will make her a tyrant and you a poor-spirited creature of no account in the world .
just brace up and stand firm .
she had always had a great respect for Tom 's opinion .
he was right oh , she felt that he was right .
but it was not too late yet .
Louisa looked amazed .
never before had Mary Isabel set her decrees at naught .
Louisa honestly thought that would bring the rebel to terms .
Mary Isabel had never gone to town alone in her life .
Louisa did not believe she would dare to go .
defiance was not so hard after all , once you had begun .
Mary Isabel went to town and she went alone .
then she bought a grey silk of a lovely silvery shade .
when she got back home she unwrapped her packages and showed her purchases to Louisa .
but Louisa neither looked at them nor spoke to Mary Isabel .
Mary Isabel tossed her head and went to her own room .
the next day she took the silver-grey silk to the Latimer dressmaker and picked out a fashionable design for it .
she knew that she was throwing down the gauntlet for good and all .
twelve years before this , the previously mentioned schism had broken out in the Latimer church .
the minister had sided with the faction which Louisa Irving opposed .
she had promptly ceased going to his church and withdrew all financial support .
for that matter , Mary Isabel did not wish to go .
she had resented the minister 's attitude almost as bitterly as Louisa .
Louisa stared at her sister incredulously .
I 'm tired of staying home Sundays or driving fifteen miles to Marwood to hear poor old Mr Grattan .
Louisa had taken Mary Isabel 's first defiance in icy disdain .
now she lost her temper and raged .
the storm of angry words beat on Mary Isabel like hail , but she fronted it staunchly .
Mary Isabel said nothing .
she just primmed up her lips very determinedly , picked up the silk dress , and carried it to her room .
the next day was fine and warm .
she worked fiercely and slammed things around noisily .
Louisa was blacking the kitchen stove .
Mary Isabel flushed and walked with an unfaltering step out of the house and up the lane .
she resented Louisa 's laughter .
she was sure there was nothing so very ridiculous about her appearance .
women far older than she , even in Latimer , wore light dresses and fashionable hats .
really , Louisa was very disagreeable .
the induction services were interesting , and Mary Isabel enjoyed them .
what a pretty woman she was !
really , he had never realized before how very pretty she was .
but then , he had never seen her except in a sunbonnet or with her hair combed primly back .
everybody hurried home , and Mary Isabel tripped along the shore road filled with anxious thoughts about her dress .
that kind of silk always spotted , and her hat would be ruined if it got wet .
she reached her own doorstep panting just as the first drop of rain fell .
then she tried to open the door .
it would not open .
she could see Louisa sitting by the kitchen window , calmly reading .
Louisa never moved a muscle , although Mary Isabel knew she must have heard .
it is going to rain it is raining now .
then did Mary Isabel realize her position .
Louisa had locked her out purposely , knowing the rain was coming .
this was Louisa 's revenge .
Mary Isabel turned with a gasp .
what should she do ?
the padlocked doors of hen-house and well-house and wood-house : revealed the thoroughness of Louisa 's vindictive design .
where should she go ?
she would go somewhere .
she would not have her lovely new dress and hat spoiled !
she caught her ruffled skirts up in her hand and ran across the yard .
she climbed the fence into the field and ran across that .
another drop of rain struck her cheek .
she never glanced back or she would have seen a horrified face peering from the cottage kitchen window .
Louisa had never dreamed that Mary Isabel would seek refuge over at Dr Hamilton 's .
I had to come here .
Mary Isabel sank into a chair and looked at Dr Hamilton with tears in her eyes .
I shall not go back to Louisa after her locking me out .
so I was going to get up a bachelor 's snack for myself .
my housekeeper is away .
she told him all about Tom 's letter and her subsequent revolt .
Dr Hamilton never once made the mistake of smiling .
he listened and approved and sympathized .
the doctor shrugged his shoulders .
then he looked at the little silvery figure by the window .
Mary Isabel flushed crimson and her heart beat wildly .
she knew now that she loved Dr Hamilton and Tom would have liked it yes , Tom would .
she remembered how Tom hated the thought of his sisters being old maids .
Mary Isabel put her hands to her face .
Mary Isabel thought thought very hard for a few moments .
what would Tom have said ?
was it probable that Tom would have approved of such marrying in haste ?
Mary Isabel came to the decision that he would have preferred it to having family jars bruited abroad .
moreover , Mary Isabel had never liked Ella Kemble very much .
going to her was only one degree better than going back to Louisa .
at last Mary Isabel took her hands down from her face .
Mary Isabel went to the doctor 's desk and wrote a very brief note .
dear Louisa :
I am going to be married to Dr Hamilton right away .
I 've seen him often at the shore this summer .
I would like you to be present at the ceremony if you choose .
Tommy ran across the field with the note .
it had now ceased raining and the clouds were breaking .
Mary Isabel thought that a good omen .
she and the doctor watched Tommy from the window .
they saw Louisa come to the door , take the note , and shut the door in Tommy 's face .
Mary Isabel tossed her head .
Louisa snorted .
she stalked home across the field .
the Twins and a Wedding
sometimes Johnny and I wonder what would really have happened if we had never started for Cousin Pamelia 's wedding .
anyhow , he couldn't have come back for four years .
that is the plain truth of the matter .
but I think we are pretty good , considering all the temptations we have to be otherwise .
and , of course , twins have just twice as many as ordinary children .
this decision came upon us , as Johnny says , like a bolt from the blue .
at first we couldn't believe they were not joking .
why , we felt that we simply had to go to Pamelia 's wedding .
besides , we had written a marriage ode to Pamelia and we wanted to present it to her .
Johnny was to recite it , and he had been practising it out behind the carriage house for a week .
I wrote the most of it .
I can write poetry as slick as anything .
Johnny helped me hunt out the rhymes .
that is the hardest thing about writing poetry , it is so difficult to find rhymes .
when I went to bed that night I simply pulled the clothes over my face and howled quietly .
Johnny said it was the wedding dinner he thought about .
boys are like that , you know .
it would have been more to the point if they had told Hannah Jane not to bother us .
I said as soon as I was able to say anything .
it will get to Marsden by eleven-thirty and that 'll be in plenty of time .
I gasped .
and I 'll do anything you 'll do .
but we 'll be there and they can't send us home again , so we 'll see the wedding .
I saw .
I went right upstairs to dress , trusting everything blindly to Johnny .
I put on my best pale blue shirred silk hat and my blue organdie dress and my high-heeled slippers .
we slipped away when Hannah Jane was feeding the hens .
you 'll have to pay me back when you get your next month 's jink , remember .
I 'll ask the conductor to tell us when we get to Marsden .
it sounded easy , and it was easy .
we finally reached the house and turned in at the open gate of the lawn .
no , there are two people over there by that bench .
we ran across the lawn to the two people .
one of them was a young lady , the very prettiest young lady I had ever seen .
he was standing in front of her and he was as handsome as a prince .
but he looked angry too .
altogether , you never saw a crosser-looking couple .
you would not think so if you really cared anything for me .
it is just as well I have found out you don't .
that was a fib and well I knew it .
my heart gave a jump and then stopped beating .
I know it did , although Johnny says it is impossible .
I couldn't help it .
I was tired and warm and so disappointed .
I sat right down on the rustic seat behind me and burst into tears , as the story-books say .
she sat down beside me and put her arms around me .
for Johnny had stuck his hands in his pockets and turned his back squarely on me .
I wouldn't mind being punished if we hadn't missed the wedding .
she seemed to have forgotten that they had just quarrelled .
I looked up at her .
the young lady laughed .
it 's highly sensible .
for a moment Una hesitated .
we 're twins .
he received his orders only yesterday .
he wants me to marry him and go with him .
now , I shall leave it to you to consent or refuse for me .
Johnny says she knew I would say that when she left it to me .
sue , you must be my bridesmaid and Johnny shall be best man .
I never felt so interested and excited in my life .
it seemed too good to be true .
that was a most wonderful old lady !
you 'd have thought Una had simply told her she was going out for a walk .
we shall leave for Japan in two days .
she toddled away , smiling , and Una turned to me .
she was laughing , but there were tears in her eyes .
Johnny stayed in the hall and I went upstairs with Una .
we had such an exciting time getting her dressed .
she had the sweetest white organdie you ever saw , all frills and laces .
but she had no veil , and I felt rather disappointed about that .
I can't stop a minute .
the boy is killing the chickens and Bridget is getting ready to broil them .
with that she toddled off again .
she was certainly a wonderful old lady .
when Una was dressed she looked as beautiful as a dream .
I was too happy to speak .
I had never thought of being a bridesmaid in my wildest dreams and here I was one .
I wasn't a bit nervous and I don't believe Una was either .
Bridget and the boy watched us from the kitchen garden .
it was all like a beautiful , bewildering dream .
but the ceremony was horribly solemn .
Johnny immediately stepped out before Una and recited it .
you can't remember everything .
Johnny didn't like that , but he said he didn't mind it in a bride .
then we had dinner , and I thought Mrs Franklin more wonderful than ever .
I couldn't have believed any woman could have got up such a spread at two hours ' notice .
of course , some credit must be given to Bridget and the boy .
Johnny and I were hungry enough by this time and we enjoyed that repast to the full .
we went home on the evening train .
End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Lucy Maud Montgomery Short Stories , @number@ to @number@ by Lucy Maud Montgomery
THE ADVENTURES OF OLD MR . TOAD
BY THORNTON W BURGESS
THE HUNT FOR OLD MR . TOAD IV .
PETER RABBIT FINDS OLD MR . TOAD V OLD MR . TOAD'S MUSIC BAG VI .
OLD MR . TOAD'S BABIES IX .
OLD MR . TOAD'S QUEER TONGUE XII .
OLD MR . TOAD'S MISTAKE XVIII .
OLD MR . TOAD IS VERY HUMBLE
THE ADVENTURES OF OLD MR . TOAD
JIMMY SKUNK IS PUZZLED
she felt that she would like to join them .
always the springtime made her feel this way , young , mad , carefree , and happy .
but she had work to do .
Jimmy Skunk sat at the top of the hill that overlooks the Green Meadows and watched her out of sight .
then he started to amble down the Lone Little Path to look for some beetles .
now it is a very unusual thing for Mr Toad to hurry , very unusual indeed .
as a rule he hops a few steps and then sits down to think it over .
of course the first thing Jimmy thought of was Mr Blacksnake , and he looked for him .
old Mr Toad didn't say a word , but simply tried to get past Jimmy and keep on his way .
I have a very important part in the spring chorus , and I 'm going down there to sing .
that was too much for Jimmy Skunk .
he just lay down and rolled over and over with laughter .
hop , hop , hipperty-hop , hop , hop , hipperty-hop went Mr Toad .
Jimmy watched him , and he confessed that he was puzzled .
JIMMY SKUNK CONSULTS HIS FRIENDS
he certainly was puzzled , was Jimmy Skunk .
the truth is , Jimmy didn't believe it .
presently Peter Rabbit came along .
he found Jimmy Skunk sitting in a brown study .
Peter looked .
Jimmy nodded .
Peter stared down the Lone Little Path .
Peter confessed that he never had .
Peter looked very hard at Jimmy to see if he was fooling or telling the truth .
then he began to laugh .
Jimmy grinned .
I think he must have eaten something that has gone to his head .
after a few minutes he stopped laughing .
you know Peter is always ready to go anywhere or do anything that will satisfy his curiosity .
THE HUNT FOR OLD MR . TOAD
you see he cannot make long jumps like his cousin , Grandfather Frog , but only little short hops .
he didn't find the nest for the very good reason that Carol hadn't built one yet .
Peter was secretly glad .
you see all the time he had kept right on going , hop , hop , hipperty-hop .
they peeped under old leaves and sticks .
I wondered if you had lost something .
then once more Mr Redwing began to sing .
PETER RABBIT FINDS OLD MR . TOAD
it isn't often that Peter Rabbit is truly envious , but sometimes in the joyousness of spring he is .
so there are times when Peter wishes he could sing .
Even Sammy Jay was adding a beautiful , bell-like note instead of his usual harsh scream .
listening to all these joyous voices , Peter forgot for a time what had brought him to the Smiling Pool .
Peter came to himself with a start .
so Peter stopped his dreaming and joined in the search .
that was in the Smiling Pool itself .
suddenly he jumped right up in the air with surprise .
there was a familiar-looking head sticking out of the water .
OLD MR . TOAD'S MUSIC BAG
never think that you have learned All there is to know .
that 's the surest way of all Ignorance to show .
and while they were watching him , something very strange happened .
it lasted only for two or three seconds .
and no one had a word to say .
it 's a regular music bag .
PETER DISCOVERS SOMETHING MORE
this was especially so with Peter .
Peter knew that this was true , and he couldn't find any answer ready .
at last he ventured another question .
Peter looked more foolish than ever .
but he ventured another question .
it wouldn't be Peter to let a chance for questions go by .
that 's the time for singing .
I just have to sing then .
in the summer it is too hot , and in the winter I sleep .
I always return to my old home to sing .
you know I was born here .
old Mr Toad filled out his queer music bag under his chin and began to sing again .
Peter watched him .
it is just the beautiful eyes .
don't you think so ?
a SHADOW PASSES OVER THE SMILING POOL
it is the same way with danger and trouble .
it was a beautiful spring evening .
but this did not mean that the glad spring chorus was silent .
oh , my , no !
instantly he stopped singing .
now that was a signal .
that great chorus stopped as abruptly as the electric lights go out when you press a button .
then he swelled out his music bag and began to sing again .
OLD MR . TOAD'S BABIES
really the Smiling Pool is a sort of kindergarten , one of the most interesting kindergartens in the world .
Little Joe Otter 's children learn to swim there .
of course he knew it couldn't be , but it puzzled him a great deal .
there wouldn't be a Toad in sight .
old Mr Toad was sitting in his usual place , but he wasn't singing .
he was staring at something in the water .
he was too much interested in what he was watching .
old Mr Toad turned and looked at Peter , and there was a look of great pride in his face .
Peter stared harder than ever , but he couldn't see anything that looked like a baby Toad .
old Mr Toad grew indignant .
Peter drew a hand across his mouth to hide a smile .
why , your babies are no more to be compared with my babies for real beauty than nothing at all !
but Peter wisely held his tongue .
to tell the truth , he couldn't see beauty in any of them .
to him they were all just wriggling pollywogs .
THE SMILING POOL KINDERGARTEN
that 's what a kindergarten is for .
they looked considerably alike , did these little cousins , for they were all pollywogs to begin with .
Peter Rabbit came over every day to watch them .
Peter stared .
there were several kinds of queer , ugly-looking bugs forever darting out at the wriggling pollywogs .
but the pollywogs were spry , and seemed to have learned to watch out .
they seemed to Peter to spend all their time swimming and eating and growing .
they grew so fast that it seemed to him that he could almost see them grow .
that puzzled Peter more than anything he had seen in a long time .
Jerry laughed .
I haven't .
never saw anything like the way those Toad youngsters grow .
they were his fore legs , and they certainly did make him look funny .
and only a few days before there hadn't been a sign of legs .
THE LITTLE TOADS START OUT TO SEE THE WORLD
it had been some time since Peter Rabbit had visited the Smiling Pool to watch the pollywogs .
he had almost reached the Smiling Pool when great big drops of rain began to splash down .
and with those first raindrops something funny happened .
anyway , it seemed funny to Peter .
right away he was surrounded by tiny little Toads .
Peter 's big eyes grew round with surprise as he stared .
where had they all come from so suddenly ?
of course Peter knew that that couldn't be , but it was very puzzling .
and all those little Toads were bravely hopping along as if they were bound for some particular place .
he looked rather thin , and his back was to the Smiling Pool .
old Mr Toad chuckled .
Peter asked .
I did the same thing myself when I was their age .
OLD MR . TOAD'S QUEER TONGUE
her wisdom foresees all their needs And makes provision for them all .
perhaps you 'll learn something just as Peter did .
see that bug over there on that leaf ?
and right while Peter was looking at him he disappeared .
he hadn't budged .
he hopped towards a fly which had lighted on a blade of grass just ahead .
but the fly disappeared , and it wasn't because it flew away , either .
Peter was sure of that .
old Mr Toad chuckled .
Peter shook his head .
nobody could .
Peter looked and saw a big black ant coming .
but when he looked for the ant , it was nowhere to be seen .
old Mr Toad chuckled again .
with every insect swallowed he felt better natured .
if it 's so long as all that , where do you keep it when it isn't in use ?
OLD MR . TOAD SHOWS HIS TONGUE
I 'm quite sure you would .
old Mr Toad thinks his tongue the most satisfactory tongue in the world .
he said as much .
he opened his big mouth and slowly ran his tongue out its full length .
you see it goes out its full length .
Peter thought this over for a few minutes before he ventured another question .
his funny little tongue darted out , and the fly was gone .
very much obliged to you , Mr Toad .
I couldn't get along with your kind of a tongue , but no more could you get along with mine .
PETER RABBIT IS IMPOLITE
who wouldn't respect any one with such beautiful eyes and such a sweet voice and such a wonderful tongue ?
I suppose that is why we should never judge people hastily .
Peter ought to have thought of that , but he didn't .
instantly Peter stopped and sat up to listen .
there it was again , and it seemed to come from under an old piece of board .
it was just a little , rustling sound , hardly to be heard .
all he could see was that there was something moving .
instantly Peter was all curiosity .
whoever was there was not very big .
he was sure of that .
of course that meant that he had nothing to fear .
why , he just pulled that old board over .
Peter just stared .
for a full minute he couldn't find his voice .
old Mr Toad was changing his clothes !
then Peter saw a strange thing .
he glared angrily at Peter , but he couldn't say anything because his mouth was too full .
he looked so funny that Peter just threw himself on the ground and rolled over and over with laughter .
OLD MR . TOAD DISAPPEARS
it wasn't a nice thing to do .
but I 'm sorry , Mr Toad .
I didn't mean to be so impolite .
I promise never to do it again .
Peter looked foolish .
old Mr Toad 's eyes twinkled .
here was a chance to get even with Peter for watching him change his suit .
so Peter sat and gazed straight down the Crooked Little Path .
when he thought the five minutes were up , he turned around .
old Mr Toad was nowhere to be seen .
he had disappeared as completely as if he never had been there .
OLD MR . TOAD GIVES PETER A SCARE
old Mr Toad was getting even with Peter for laughing at him .
it was too much for Peter .
of course not .
Peter never had felt more foolish in all his life .
Peter rubbed his eyes and stared very foolishly .
old Mr Toad grinned .
then that disappeared .
old Mr Toad had gone down , and the sand had fallen right back over him .
Peter just had to rub his eyes again .
he had to !
old Mr Toad 's beautiful eyes twinkled more than ever .
Peter nodded .
you go into a hole headfirst , but I go in the other way .
then he asked one more question .
old Mr Toad nodded .
JIMMY SKUNK IS SURPRISED
Jimmy Skunk ambled along the Crooked Little Path down the hill .
he didn't hurry because Jimmy doesn't believe in hurrying .
then Jimmy does hurry .
but just now he didn't see any fat beetles , although he was looking for them .
he was feeling very good-natured , was Jimmy Skunk .
there was everything to make him feel good-natured .
summer had arrived to stay .
on every side he heard glad voices .
Bumble the Bee was humming a song .
so why shouldn't he feel good ?
Jimmy Skunk nearly tumbled over backward in surprise , and for a minute he couldn't find his tongue .
instead of answering , Jimmy Skunk began to laugh .
I hope you will excuse me , Mr Toad .
old Mr Toad turned quite pale .
OLD MR . TOAD'S MISTAKE
yes , Sir , he was wide awake right away .
you see , he knew right away why Mr Blacksnake had asked after him .
it was a question which was more surprised .
then Mr Blacksnake 's eyes began to sparkle .
isn't this a beautiful morning ?
he didn't say anything .
he couldn't , because he was too scared .
JIMMY SKUNK IS JUST IN TIME
suddenly Jimmy stopped chuckling .
then he stopped ambling along the Crooked Little Path .
he turned around and looked back , and as he did so he scratched his head thoughtfully .
well , it 's none of my business .
I should miss him if anything happened to him .
and with that , he started back up the Crooked Little Path , and strange to say Jimmy hurried .
right behind him came Mr Blacksnake .
of course he saw Jimmy , and he stopped short and hissed angrily .
then he tried to make himself look very fierce .
you see , he was just trying to scare Jimmy .
Mr Blacksnake didn't wait .
no , Sir , he didn't wait .
he suddenly turned and glided back up the Crooked Little Path , hissing angrily .
OLD MR . TOAD GETS HIS STOMACH FULL
there are ants , for instance .
you wouldn't want to eat them even if you were dreadfully hungry .
he fell right over on his back , which wasn't at all dignified , and made Buster Bear laugh .
that frightened Mr Toad more than ever .
so he said in a very faint voice that he would be pleased to dine with Buster .
Buster Bear laughed harder than ever .
but when Buster reached out a great paw with great cruel-looking claws Mr Toad quite gave up .
he didn't have strength enough left to even kick .
he just closed his eyes and waited for the end .
what do you think happened ?
it didn't seem possible that such a great paw could be so gentle .
old Mr Toad didn't see anything to eat .
his heart sank again , and he shook all over .
Buster Bear didn't seem to hear .
he hooked his great claws into the old log and gave a mighty pull .
old Mr Toad didn't wait to be told twice .
he forgot all about his fright .
he forgot all about Buster Bear .
he forgot that he wasn't hungry .
he forgot his manners .
he jumped right in among those ants , and for a little while he was the busiest Toad ever seen .
Buster Bear was busy too .
then he remembered Buster Bear and looked up a little fearfully .
OLD MR . TOAD IS PUFFED UP
old Mr Toad hopped slowly down the Lone Little Path .
he usually does hop slowly , but this time he hopped slower than ever .
in the first place his stomach was so full of ants that there wasn't room for another one .
oh , my , no !
it was pride .
that 's what it was pride .
old Mr Toad was old enough to have known better .
presently he met his old friend , Danny Meadow Mouse .
he tipped his head a little higher , puffed himself out a little more , and pretended not to see Danny .
Mr Toad pretended not to hear .
Danny looked puzzled .
it wouldn't do to pretend not to hear this time .
when he mentioned the name of Buster Bear , he puffed himself out a little more .
Danny grinned as he watched him hop on down the Lone Little Path .
Mr Toad kept on his way , and presently he met Peter Rabbit .
he kept right on with his head high , and all puffed out .
Peter looked puzzled .
then he hurried down to tell Danny Meadow Mouse about it .
Striped Chipmunk told the same story .
OLD MR . TOAD RECEIVES ANOTHER INVITATION
the very next day Jimmy Skunk went into the Green Forest to look for Buster Bear .
you know Jimmy isn't afraid of Buster .
Jimmy is usually very polite , but this time he quite forgot politeness .
but Buster didn't seem to mind .
of course , at first Buster had thought it was for the fat beetles .
but it wasn't .
no , Sir , it wasn't for the fat beetles at all .
Buster 's eyes twinkled as he promised to do what Jimmy asked .
Jimmy Skunk was actually afraid that he would burst .
OLD MR . TOAD LEARNS A LESSON
pride is like a great big bubble ; You 'll find there 's nothing in it .
prick it and for all your trouble It has vanished in a minute .
no , indeed , Jimmy didn't say anything at all about that !
Buster was waiting for him .
here Mr Toad put one hand on his stomach and tried to make a very grand bow .
Peter Rabbit , hiding behind a near-by tree , almost giggled aloud , he looked so funny .
Mr Toad 's face fell .
you see he was selfish .
he wanted to be the only one to have the honor of dining with Buster Bear .
old Mr Toad looked in the direction in which Buster Bear was looking .
he gave a little gasp and turned quite pale .
all his puffiness disappeared .
he didn't look like the same Toad at all .
the newcomer was Mr Blacksnake .
OLD MR . TOAD IS VERY HUMBLE
he forgot to ask Buster Bear to excuse him .
he forgot that he was tired and hot .
he forgot all the pride with which he had been so puffed up .
he heard Peter Rabbit and Jimmy Skunk and Johnny Chuck and others of his old friends and neighbors shouting with laughter .
but he didn't mind it .
he hadn't room for any feeling except fear of Mr Blacksnake .
he would stay there until jolly , round , bright Mr Sun went to bed behind the Purple Hills .
then Mr Blacksnake would go to bed too , and it would be safe for him to go home .
Mr Toad gulped and went on .
pretty soon he met Jimmy Skunk .
old Mr Toad gulped again and went on .
the next day he went down to see Danny Meadow Mouse .
old Mr Toad gulped and started up to see Johnny Chuck .
the same thing happened again .
so it did when he met Striped Chipmunk .
his temper is sweet , disposition is mellow !
the next book will tell you all about his adventures .
by dwelling near a church , a person soon contracts an attachment for the edifice .
but the steeple stands foremost , in our thoughts , as well as locally .
a glance at the body of the church deepens this impression .
we will say more of this , hereafter .
many have fancied so .
some illusions , and this among them , are the shadows of great truths .
I love to spend such pleasant Sabbaths , from morning till night , behind the curtain of my open window .
but I am there , even before my friend , the sexton .
meantime , here are the children assembling to the Sabbath school , which is kept somewhere within the church .
or I might compare them to cherubs , haunting that holy place .
those pretty girls !
why will they disturb my pious meditations !
a white stocking is infinitely more effective than a black one .
his aspect claims my reverence , but cannot win my love .
they are standing up to pray .
hark ! the hymn .
it is my misfortune seldom to fructify , in a regular way , by any but printed sermons .
I , their sole auditor , cannot always understand them .
the hour-hand on the dial has passed beyond four o'clock .
around the church-door all is solitude , and an impenetrable obscurity beyond the threshold .
a commotion is heard .
this instantaneous outbreak of life into loneliness is one of the pleasantest scenes of the day .
I have taken a great liking to those black silk pantaloons .
the Sabbath eve is the eve of love .
at length , the whole congregation is dispersed .
all is solitude again .
who are the choristers ?
on the wings of that rich melody they were borne upward .
yet , it lifted my soul higher than all their former strains .
they are gone , the sons and daughters of music , and the gray sexton is just closing the portal .
there is a moral , and a religion too , even in the silent walls .
and may the steeple still point heavenward , and be decked with the hallowed sunshine of the Sabbath morn !
THE CRIMSON FAIRY BOOK
each Fairy Book demands a preface from the Editor , and these introductions are inevitably both monotonous and unavailing .
like nature , popular tales are too vast to be the creation of a single modern mind .
the stories have mainly been adapted or translated by Mrs Lang , a few by Miss Lang and Miss Blackley .
there was once a king 's son who told his father that he wished to marry .
wait till you have done some great deed .
not one was missing .
then she asked if they knew anything about the three bulrushes , but not one of them did .
the prince bade him farewell and set out .
then the prince started off with the lame magpie .
the prince wasted no time .
he set his horse at the wall and leaped over it .
then he looked about for the three bulrushes , pulled them up and set off with them on his way home .
as he rode along one of the bulrushes happened to knock against something .
so the lovely maiden flew away .
he split the second bulrush as an experiment and just the same thing happened .
then they set out for home .
but how they all stared when they saw the swineherd 's ugly daughter !
but he had no peace !
once he desired to have some water brought him from the well into which Ilonka had been thrown .
however , at last she consented on condition that she might sleep one night in the king 's room .
then the girl went to the king 's room looking seven times lovelier than ever .
soon after the queen again sent to say that she wanted to buy the spindle .
at these words the king 's heart bounded within him .
time went by .
the prince ruled the country and never even thought of marrying .
then the prince called his courtiers about him and set off with a great retinue to seek a bride .
only one faithful servant stayed with the prince and refused to part from him .
the wedding took place at once , and the feasting and rejoicings went on for a whole month .
everyone in the house slept , and only the faithful servant kept watch .
about midnight he heard three crows , who had flown to the roof , talking together .
the crows had hardly done speaking when away they flew .
but when they are seated in it a raging wind will rise and whirl the carriage away into the clouds .
then it will fall suddenly to earth , and they will be killed .
when they put these on they will be burnt up at once .
Early next morning the travellers got up and breakfasted .
they began to tell each other their dreams .
at last the servant said :
with that they set out on their journey .
at midday they reached the Gold Stream .
the prince looked well at the carriage .
they got down and loaded the horses with the luggage .
the prince was so delighted that he could not speak .
the old king fell into a tremendous rage .
he called his Council together and condemned the servant to death .
the servant was led out and his sentence read to him .
the prince called to him to say no more as he had proved his innocence .
to her he confided all his plans , and left his wife , the princess , in her care .
so the prince set off to try to find Lucky Luck .
here he spent the night .
and the prince told him .
the prince promised to inquire , and went on his way .
but far away at the end of the town he saw a light in a window .
next morning when he was leaving they asked where he was going and he told them his story .
the prince promised to inquire , and went on his way .
the prince said he would do so , and continued his journey .
he is not at home just now , he is out digging in the vineyard .
do you go too .
here are two spades .
it is now eleven o'clock .
when he sits down to eat his dinner sit beside him and eat with him .
after dinner he will question you , and then tell him all your troubles freely .
after dinner they lay down to rest .
go back , and when you get home your wife will just have had a little boy .
on my way here I lodged one night in the house of three maidens .
all were well-mannered , hard-working , and pretty , and yet none has had a wooer .
when he reached the stream it asked if he brought it any good news .
then the prince climbed down , dried himself in the sun , and set out on his march home .
from that time it became the best fishing stream in the country-side .
when the prince got home he found that his wife had just got a fine little boy .
but Psst and Hush had not waited for orders , and in five minutes the man was caught .
he stole the key of the strong room from his mother and opened the door .
then he took the key back , but the hairy man escaped and went off into the world .
but there was no help for it , and they took the boy out into the forest .
they began to talk , and the prince told his story and sad fate .
the prince stayed here for two years ; then he wished to go further .
one day news was brought to the king that he must go out to war .
when they had all left , the prince said to the housekeeper :
suddenly the enemy came in sight .
the king was overjoyed and so were his daughters at this brilliant victory .
on his return to the palace he was well scolded by the housekeeper for staying away so long .
and as he had no jewels with him , he gave her the copper apple and staff .
the prince packed all his soldiers carefully up once more , and they went back into the town .
every one said it except the shepherd with the staring eyes , and he would not say it .
the king heard of this and was very angry , and sent for the shepherd to appear before him .
but however grand or powerful he might be the shepherd did not feel a bit afraid of him .
but he had hidden in a dark corner and was laughing to himself all the time .
I will give you that too , the silver wood and the golden castle and the diamond pond .
at this the king was more delighted than anyone could have believed .
everyone ate and drank and danced .
even the sick were feasted , and quite tiny new-born children had presents given them .
in time , when the old king died , the shepherd succeeded him .
the Story of the Seven Simons
this council always told the king the exact truth .
I wish to ask you a question , and I beg you to answer truthfully .
the merchants considered for some time .
the king reflected gravely .
after they were gone the king remained deep in thought .
these answers were repeated to the king , who ordered the brothers to be brought before him at once .
on being asked who they were , the eldest said , bowing low :
you have many ships built by learned men , with all sorts of new and clever improvements .
but my plain little home-made ship is not grand enough for a king .
if my brother hits any creature I catch it quicker than any dog can .
now follow me to the town , as I want to see what you can do .
I could not manage it .
when the king heard this he fell into a passion .
I am really not as bad as you think .
but though I know how to steal I don't do it .
you yourself asked me my trade .
I pardon you .
but from this hour you shall be shut up in a dark dungeon .
so the six Simons followed the king .
when he came down he had all sorts of wonderful things to tell .
in fact there was not the smallest event going on over the earth that was hidden from him .
next the third Simon began .
he stretched out his arms , once , twice , thrice , and the wonder-ship was ready .
at a sign from the king it was launched , and floated proudly and safely like a bird on the waves .
Simon only smiled ; he lifted his cross-bow , took aim , fired , and the eagle fell .
you shall be richly rewarded .
the six Simons bowed and went to dinner .
but they had hardly begun before a messenger came to say that the king wanted to see them .
off ran the second Simon and clambered quickly up the pillar .
he gazed around , listened on all sides , and then slid down to report to the king .
far away I saw the Island of Busan .
the king is a mighty monarch , but full of pride , harsh and cruel .
but if the weather were stormy we might say twelve .
I saw the army being reviewed .
the king sat for some time lost in thought .
the nobles , courtiers and counsellors said nothing , but tried to hide behind each other .
then the third Simon said :
you wish to go to the Island of Busan ?
what can be easier ?
the matter is quite clear .
the thing is easy enough .
let my brother 's ship be laden with rich stuffs , brocades , Persian carpets , pearls and jewels .
send me in the ship .
who are you ?
they bowed respectfully to her and displayed some splendid velvets and brocades , and opened cases of pearls and precious stones .
they whispered together that they had never beheld anything like it .
this polite speech pleased the princess very much .
the king thought and thought , frowned hard and rubbed his ear .
there was nothing to be done but to sail back and tell the king of his loss .
at that moment the princess recollected herself .
she tore herself away and stepped on deck .
neither the yacht nor the island was in sight !
Helena wrung her hands and beat her breast .
then she changed herself into a white swan and flew off .
Early one morning King Archidej sat thoughtfully at his window gazing out to sea .
his heart was sad and he would neither eat nor drink .
his thoughts were full of the Princess Helena , who was as lovely as a dream .
no , it is no gull , it is the wonder-ship flying along with billowing sails .
the lovely Helena steps across the plank .
she shines like the sun , and the stars of heaven seem to sparkle in her eyes .
and the whole Court swarmed with courtiers and servants .
golden carpets were laid down and the great gates thrown open to welcome the princess .
King Archidej went out himself , took her by the hand and led her into the royal apartments .
still I will not keep you here against your will .
what more is there to tell ?
when the wonder-ship got home King Archidej and Princess Helena were enchanted with the news it brought .
the king sent for the seven Simons .
do you wish to be made nobles , or to govern towns ?
what figures should we cut as nobles or governors ?
nor do we desire gold .
we have our fields which give us food , and as much money as we need .
then the king gave each brother a goblet of wine and invited them to the wedding feast .
so he went into the wood in the direction of the noise to try to discover the cause .
when they had spat into each other 's mouths three times , the king said :
so the shepherd took the treasure and built himself a house .
the wife obeyed , and all was prepared as he desired .
then he went out to spend the night with the flocks .
the wife brought some bread and threw it to the dog , but he would not look at it .
and in this way he taught her never again to ask why he had laughed .
the Boy Who Could Keep A Secret
but though it was plainly becoming longer and longer , it was some time before the two would fit .
but the moment he stretched out his hand it stopped and slid quietly into the scabbard .
on receiving this message the boy dried his tears and went with the servant to the royal carriage .
then he climbed into the coach and was driven away .
the girl was very angry , besides being hurt , and ran home to complain to her father .
and he made a sign to the hangman .
then the coachman whipped up his horses , and they set out for Buda .
the king said no more , but trusted to his daughter 's beauty to get the secret from him .
the journey to Buda was long , and it was several days before they arrived there .
the beautiful princess happened to be picking roses in the garden , when her father 's coach drove up .
but the secretary always brought back the report that he was fat and rosy .
if an answer was not ready in three days , war would be declared at once .
the king 's heart sank when he read the letter .
at this thought his face became so gloomy that his daughter noticed it , and inquired what was the matter .
and the sword at his side clanked loudly .
he made a sign for them to come near ; they all bowed low in greeting .
if one sat down to supper , the others sat down at the same instant .
so , bowing low with one accord , they went .
but the sword clanked , and the lad did not even look at her .
as he crossed the threshold fifteen armed Turks barred his way , with the Sultan at their head .
I dreamed that I should become King of Hungary , and my dream has come true .
the Prince And The Dragon
here he found an old woman sitting , whom he greeted pleasantly .
I was only jesting .
loudly laughed the dragon when he saw what she was doing .
and a voice answered from the depths of the lake :
then the dragon gasped :
and suddenly the dragon 's hold loosened , and he fell back into the lake .
the next morning he rose early , and led his sheep down the road to the lake .
the horsemen kept the prince and his sheep in sight , without being seen themselves .
then he rolled up his trousers and his sleeves , and waded into the water crying :
and the dragon answered :
but the prince answered :
and suddenly the dragon 's hold loosened , and he fell back into the lake .
the emperor listened eagerly to their tale , then called his daughter to him and repeated it to her .
the shepherd was brimming over with joy , but the princess only wept bitterly .
then he rolled up his trousers and his sleeves , and waded into the water , calling :
and when the sun was at its hottest , the dragon cried :
but the prince answered :
the prince cut open its body and found the sparrow inside , as the old woman had said .
cut off these twigs and strike their roots with them , and the iron door of a cellar will open .
but he might as well have spoken to the rock .
the old man stooped and kissed the feet of the hermit for sheer joy , and left the cave .
only Wildrose was undisturbed , and slept sweetly through it all .
but the eaglets did not answer , and Wildrose opened her eyes , and seemed seven times lovelier than before .
from that day Wildrose lived like a little princess .
in its rays he could see the nest with the young eaglets , who were watching him over the side .
this was the first time she had seen a man .
the prince saw that it was no use , and turned and made his way out of the forest .
at first the emperor felt rather distressed .
but nobody knew .
so in this fashion the old woman was brought to court .
she stopped underneath the tree where the maiden dwelt and , gathering some dry sticks , kindled a fire .
next , she placed the tripod over it , and the kettle on top .
but something was the matter with the kettle .
sleeping cats catch no mice .
so next morning he left home and never came back !
then he felt himself indeed on the high road to riches .
Tiidu 's pipes set everybody 's legs dancing .
I will land you at Kungla free of payment , as you are so anxious to get there .
even the very pigs ' troughs were of silver too .
but the sight of these things only made Tiidu more covetous than before .
so with a heavy heart Tiidu spent some of his next month 's wages on a cheap coat .
was there ever such a piece of folly as to exchange your pipes for a scullion 's ladle ?
I can be your guide no longer , therefore listen to what I say , and obey me .
you will get far more money in the end .
in all Kungla there was no prouder man than Tiidu .
then he flung himself down on the ground and fell fast asleep .
then , tired with his wanderings he sat down and began to think .
for perhaps the first time in his life his thoughts did not instantly turn to money .
after that he stretched himself out on the soft moss and went to sleep .
and he hid his head in his hands and wept .
yes , there was no mistake , it was as short as before , or perhaps a little shorter .
in his joy at this discovery Tiidu did a very bold thing .
he took one of the apples out of his pocket , and cautiously bit a piece out of it .
his mother and his other brothers had died some years before .
fortunately , however , the young king was wise and prudent , and knew her too well to trust her .
so she cut off a long curl , and handed it to him .
the prince mounted his horse , and rode on all day without stopping once .
and in a moment the castle was before him just as he had wished .
in an hour 's time , the servants came and shook him by the shoulder .
Paperarello ! get up , the king is coming .
the men laughed at him for being so childish , and rode on after their master .
Paperarello bowed , fastened the ear inside his surcoat and rode away .
Paperarello bowed , put the nose in his surcoat , and rode away .
the Gifts Of The Magician
his wife was dead , and he had only one son , whom he loved dearly .
but he had not taken proper aim , and the bird was only wounded , and fluttered along the ground .
then all the boy 's courage returned to him .
but his host returned to the forest to get some food , for the larder was empty .
while he was absent the housekeeper went to the boy 's room and tried to wake him .
but nothing would rouse him , and if he did ever open his eyes he shut them again directly .
but finding it quite impossible , he went back for the third time to the forest .
while he was absent the boy woke up and dressed himself .
then he came downstairs and began to talk to the housekeeper .
By-and-by the old man came back and they all sat down to dinner .
the youth thanked the magician , and fastening his treasures about him mounted the horse and rode off .
when they entered the capital of the country everyone stopped to admire the beauty of the horse .
even the king heard of it , and came to see the splendid creature with his own eyes .
then we will start on our journey , and ride till we reach a certain river .
there a horse will come up to you , but take no notice of him .
everything happened just as the horse had said , and the third horse was safely bridled .
so the young man did as he was told , and brought the horse back to the king .
and if he failed , his head would pay the penalty .
find the queen ?
joyfully the young man sprang into the saddle and rode away to the banks of the river .
then he threw himself off , and waited while the horse plunged in .
you shall play no more tunes .
so they abandoned the crown and forsook their country , not knowing or caring where they went .
the prince got up at once and went to a brook which he heard gurgling near at hand .
this discovery put new life into the queen and her son , and they continued their walk through the forest .
he could not see what it was , but stooped down and tried to lift it .
the thing was very heavy , and he thought his back would break under the strain .
someone forgot to pile up the fire before we left and it has burnt itself out !
but it is all right .
I will go last .
she quickly turned the key in the lock , and ran back to the chamber she had slept in .
he waited a little , but the door remained shut as tightly as before .
then he just put his shoulder to it , and immediately the wood began to crack .
but he might as well have tried to squeeze blood out of a stone .
and he sent for the monkey who was his head servant .
the room was empty , and the sword hanging from a nail .
the noise he made brought the robber into the room .
in his turn he fell on his knees to beg for mercy , but it was too late .
his mother the prince sent back to her father , and never would see her again .
I shook like an aspen leaf at the sight , and my spirit quaked for fear .
I am the Treasure Seeker of the mountain .
do you scorn your good fortune ?
a vast treasure of gold and precious stones lies in safety deep under the earth .
at twilight and at high noon it is hidden , but at midnight it may be dug up .
it might be only yesterday so well do I remember every word he spoke .
a bow-shot from that you will discover a little hollow like a grave .
into this opening you must crawl , holding a lamp in your mouth .
if it bruises your knees never mind ; you are on the road to fortune .
do not go through the door to the right lest you disturb the bones of the lords of the treasure .
So ended the shepherd 's tale ; and the landlord who was listening with the rest , said shrewdly :
then Blaize , another aged shepherd , lifted up his voice .
the easiest way to get it is by the help of a black woodpecker .
but they had not got home before they began to quarrel .
meanwhile the fortunes of the family had changed .
and she seized him like a fury , and tried to scratch out his eyes .
but by-and-by the quarrel was patched up , and everything went on as before .
Peter was overjoyed at this fortunate discovery , and instantly set himself to obtain a red cloak .
his thoughts now turned to the mountain , and he secretly made preparations for his journey .
then a sudden thought startled her , and she felt for her keys .
suppose they had fallen into her good-for-nothing husband 's hands and he had helped himself to her treasure !
but no , the keys were safe in their usual place , and the cupboard looked quite untouched .
and they sat till morning weeping over their own fancies .
but what were her feelings when she perceived that every shelf lay empty and bare before her !
however , she invited him to step into the house and be seated while he unfolded his business .
he looked at her fondly , and took her hand , which she tried to draw away , crying :
Friedlin , why are you here ?
I thought you were a hundred miles away .
if only he could come back again !
and the very idea of such a thing made her weep , while even Dame Ilse said :
but the fact was that she was growing quite tired of having no one to scold .
Peter had made the journey to the treasure mountain successfully , without being found out by anybody .
but even that did not trouble Peter much ; he was quite satisfied with what he had already .
but when good food was set before him he seemed to forget to eat .
the young man , thus encouraged , began his tale .
I soon reached the little town where the maiden dwelt ; but there fresh difficulties awaited me .
but at last I dressed myself as an old woman , and knocked boldly at her door .
and up he sprang , and was going off hastily , when Master Peter caught him by the arm .
he and his beloved wife lived in the greatest happiness and peace , and rose to great honour in the town .
the Cottager And His Cat
but after a while he found that he had starved himself once too often .
then the man vanished , and the youth awoke .
the remembrance of his dream troubled him greatly .
from a rock that jutted right out into the sea he flung it in .
this was now all the money he had in the world .
the young man stood and looked at it thoughtfully .
for the whole day they wandered through meadows and forests , till in the evening they reached a house .
at this moment something was seen flying through the air .
then a great scuffling of feet was heard , and in a few minutes the hall was clear .
for some minutes the King and his courtiers only looked at each other in astonishment .
and so it was .
the Prince Who Would Seek Immortality
but during his long absence the prince seemed to have changed his character altogether .
the king knew of nothing that could have produced such an alteration .
never shall I be happy again till I have found a kingdom where death is unknown .
and I have determined to give myself no rest till I have discovered the Land of Immortality .
the old king heard him with dismay ; things were worse than he thought .
the moment its feet touched the ground he changed into a king .
the prince accepted gratefully the eagle 's invitation , for he was tired and hungry .
stay here with us and marry my daughter .
the men who passed him were tall and strong , and their clothes were magnificent .
luckily she had been taught his language as a child , so they had no difficulty in talking together .
the prince told all his story and how he was journeying in search of the Land of Immortality .
it will take at least a thousand years for that .
suddenly he remembered the golden rod which the mist-veiled queen had given him .
the queen of the city heard the noise and looked from her window to see what was happening .
summoning one of her servants , she bade him go and rescue the stranger , and bring him to her .
the prince thankfully obeyed her orders , and entered her presence .
it is more than eight hundred years since your father and mother died !
he pulled at her dress , but she did not waken .
quick as thought the prince pulled out the golden flask , and sprinkled some drops of the water over the queen .
at these words the queen remembered about the needles .
she knew now that she had been dead , and that the prince had restored her to life .
and so it was settled .
suddenly they both caught sight of a tiny speck no bigger than a wasp , right up in the blue .
was he coming straight ?
but a time was coming when he learned to change his opinion .
at the sound of the voice the stone-cutter looked round , but could see nobody .
he was nearly beside himself with joy , and in his new life the old one was soon forgotten .
it was now the beginning of summer , and each day the sun blazed more fiercely .
but yet it was not enough .
proudly he stood , and neither the heat of the sun nor the force of the rain could move him .
and this was purely spite , for there was plenty of milk for everybody .
so they went and told the king what they had seen .
with the earliest streaks of dawn the gold-bearded man appeared , and filled his pail as before .
then in an instant he had vanished , as if the earth had swallowed him up .
the king stood staring with eyes and mouth open at the place where the man had disappeared .
after that there was nothing to do but to shut him in the cage .
then , full of hope , he awaited the result .
everything turned out just as the soldier had said .
while I am away I trust the care of my prisoner to you .
he even played his games beside it .
so he shot back the bolt , and the gold-bearded man stepped out into the world .
he had only the berries for food , when , one morning , he saw a wood-pigeon sitting on a bough .
the boy laughed at this speech and went his way .
the boy laughed at this speech and went his way .
again the prince was filled with pity , and this time also he did not shoot .
he had not gone far , when he fell in with two discharged soldiers .
at length they reached a palace , and there was the king standing on the steps .
then they went to the king .
so he flung himself on the ground in despair , and covered his face with his hands .
while he lay thus , a wood-pigeon flew in through the window .
so he praised the prince for his industry and cleverness , and made him his steward at once .
this made the two soldiers more envious still , and they began to hatch another plot .
and the foolish king listened to them , and ordered the prince to be brought before him .
it was no use denying that he had said anything of the kind .
at these words the king became more angry than ever .
the baby answered him in all , and no one could have told which was his native tongue !
Tritill , Litill , And The Birds
when everything was ready , he bade them farewell , and started merrily on his way .
here he sat down to rest , and pulling out his wallet prepared to eat his dinner .
and the beggar went on .
but instead of food he only got hard words , and limped sadly away .
then he began to wonder where he should sleep .
about midnight he was awakened by a noise , and peeping out he beheld a terrible ogress approaching .
to this the young man willingly agreed , and turned over and went to sleep again .
then she left the cave .
so he turned a deaf ear and finished his dinner .
then he vanished , and the young man could not tell where he had gone .
then they flew away .
so the bargain being concluded , the young man curled himself up in his corner and went to sleep .
and Tritill stood beside him and asked what he wanted .
as soon as it was quite clean Tritill went his way .
with a light heart the young man awaited the return of the ogress .
then they all vanished , Tritill , Litill , and the birds .
left alone , the young man stood thinking for a little .
so they went to bed and slept till dawn .
and then she gave him his reward .
then he took the helm and steered the vessel back to her father 's kingdom .
and this is the end of the story .
long , long ago , a king and queen reigned over a large and powerful country .
these were the queen 's last words , and a few hours later she was dead .
after the marriage the king ceased to have any will of his own and did nothing without consulting his wife .
she was present at all his councils , and her opinion was asked before making peace or war .
with these words the king bade them farewell and entered sadly into his ship .
so they collected their jewels and a few clothes and left the house without being observed by anyone .
they hurried on till they arrived at the mountain without once looking back .
the prince looked at her and was rather disappointed .
the maiden was pretty enough , but not much out of the common .
the queen was enchanted .
the prince then went to his own rooms and ordered that the trees should be brought in to him .
left alone , Laufer sat and stared at the heap of shining silk before her .
when it was done she glided into her tree just as the prince came in .
Lineik then told her name and her story .
but Laufer fell at his feet and begged for mercy .
she was still on her knees when Prince Sigurd entered the room .
therefore she was easily captured , and the next day was beheaded in the market-place .
afterwards the two princes marched back to Greece .
the Six Hungry Beasts
By-and-by a hare came running across a field , but stopped to see what wonderful thing was coming .
besides , when the whole six had supped off the man he was not so heavy to draw .
this simple question seemed to put out the wolf very much .
I am very sorry to put you out , but really it is not my fault .
he could not have cut down the tree , for he has neither axe nor knife .
dear me , to think that you have sacrificed your young ones for nothing !
and the crow flew away , leaving the magpie overcome with shame and sorrow .
with his tail between his legs , the fox slunk into the forest .
but this did not suit the fox at all .
from time to time he paused and listened for the sound of wailing , but he heard nothing .
then the old man died .
so the boy got up and picked some of the ripest pears and put them into a rush basket .
and the fox went away .
a few days after this the fox came back again .
and he went off to the town , and stopped at the house of the best tailor .
the princess was already seated at the table , but was as dumb as Count Piro himself .
the next morning the fox came round again .
so they all set out , and rode across the plain , the little fox running before them .
very soon the king came up .
meanwhile the fox had met with a huge herd of pigs , snuffling about the roots of some trees .
and he ran on again .
in a few minutes the king rode up .
at last the fox came to the castle of the ogre himself .
he ran up the steps , with tears falling from his eyes , and crying :
he then rode on , leaving the bridal pair in the castle .
the next morning the fox said to Count Piro :
the Rogue And The Herdsman
at length he came to a large house , at the door of which he knocked .
the youth made no answer to this .
the herdsman's two daughters and their mother were sitting at supper , and invited him to join them .
nothing more was said about work , and when the meal was over they all went to bed .
in the morning , when the young man was dressed , the herdsman called to him and said :
and in the end he had his way .
the pigs were killed , and laid side by side in a row .
the moment they got into the field they became quite mad , and each ran in a different direction .
now let us return home , for it is time for supper .
but in a short time they grew as wild as the pigs had done , and scattered in all directions .
but when the tale was ended the father shook his head .
and he killed all the sheep and laid them on the grass .
when all was done to his liking he hastened quickly back to his master .
by this time it was evening and the dusk was falling .
last of all they came to the king 's cherished ox .
then the young man , who had been watching , ran home to his master .
the young man gasped , and seemed as if he was unable to speak .
however , he dared not say no , but smiled and nodded .
when they had heard everything , they hid him where no one could find him .
what could the poor man do but promise ?
then the young man went home to his parents , and bade them get ready to welcome his bride .
what could one nut do for him ?
it was no use taking it home , he might as well eat it .
but who could ever guess what came out of that nut ?
the sight gave Peter such a shock that he wrung his hands in dismay .
he stood and gazed in terror , and at this moment Eisenkopf came by .
then Peter put it in his pocket and went on to the house .
indeed Peter thought that there were even more of them than before .
if Eisenkopf does not like your marrying , he will have to put up with it all the same !
it has the air of being a wedding feast .
but Peter had not waited for the end of this speech .
in another moment he was away over the mountain , with Eisenkopf running fast behind him .
and the lightning itself was not quicker than Peter .
he had not finished a quarter of them , when the dog began to howl .
so Peter thanked her and was off like the wind .
listen to me , and do what I tell you .
ride seven days and nights straight before you , and on the eighth morning you will see a great fire .
strike it three times with the three napkins and it will part in two .
Peter thanked her for her counsel , and was careful to do exactly all the old woman had told him .
as he rode through the opening he threw the cakes behind him .
then he lay down by the fire and watched to see what would happen .
after that Peter 's life was a very happy one .
the maiden listened attentively and wondered in herself whether what he said was true .
the next morning Peter locked up his dogs and went out into the forest alone .
and he gave World's-weight a cuff , because he was old enough to know better .
it was his last chance , so making a mighty effort he shrieked once more :
and in a few minutes there was nothing left of Eisenkopf .
it was really a magic ring , but neither Peter nor the maiden knew that .
however , it was no use thinking of that , so he rode forward steadily .
the dream was so real that he awoke at once and changed the ring from one hand to the other .
and as he did so guess what he saw ?
and so they were .
the Death Of Abu Nowas And Of His Wife
and he bade his Grand Vizir send for the Sultana .
at this signal a maiden appeared and stood before her .
the wife took the money , and , kissing the feet of the Sultana , she joyfully hastened home .
they have sent him here to find out the truth .
as her chamberlain drew near the house , Abu Nowas caught sight of him .
and he laid himself on the bed , and held his breath when the chamberlain came in .
then he gently replaced the sheet and returned to the palace .
the coach was before the door in another five minutes , and the Sultan and Sultana both got in .
so they laid themselves down , and spread the sheet over them , and held their breath .
he came back with a wooden pan quite full , and gave it to his wife .
and the man threw the rejected honey on the grass , and started off to get some fresh .
this took him some time , but at length he came to a lake whose waters were sweetened with sugar .
she stooped down to drink , when a horrible head bobbed up on the surface .
I will shave both sides of his head , and hang some white beads round his neck .
and after filling the pot she returned , and told her husband of the dreadful danger she had been in .
the children waited for a little , wondering , and then they went away .
the ogre remained where he was , till the evening , when the woman returned from the fields .
next morning Motikatika was sent out with a basket , and told to pick some beans for dinner .
and the ogre chased away the bird , not knowing that it was Motikatika .
and when the ogre came , he seized Motikatika 's father and carried him outside the hut and ate him .
Niels And The Giants
the elder of the two was called Rasmus , and the younger Niels .
Niels took his gun with him .
but Niels could not be happy without his gun , and took it all the same .
Rasmus chose to take the first watch , and the others lay down to sleep .
Niels was wakened by the report .
it was now close on midnight , so Niels began his watch , and Rasmus went to sleep .
it began to get colder , and Niels began to walk about a little to keep himself warm .
this time it was the third giant 's fork that caught the bullet , and snapped in two .
Niels gave in , and the giant carried him back to his comrades .
Niels had to consent , and the giants set out for the castle at once .
Niels had to believe him , and allowed the giant to throw him up .
so he hung up the horn again , and went further in to the castle .
after that he went back to the hall , and took down the horn again .
so the third also came in , and was served in the same way .
it appears from the story that giants were not given fair play !
they thought he had found it , and asked no more questions .
in the meantime Niels and the others tramped on towards Rome .
they did so , and were told that there was no other way .
after they had got time to rest themselves , the princess 's steward came to hear their story .
the man stopped his work and laughed .
at midday they entered a forest , and Paul stopped suddenly .
so they went off , amusing themselves by thinking what was in store for Paul .
the four friends followed the track of the tree and found that it ended in a deep hole .
and he stepped into the basket , which was lowered by his friends .
at last it touched the ground and he jumped out and looked about him .
he was in a beautiful valley , full of meadows and streams , with a splendid castle standing by .
then , seizing the monster by the neck , he dashed the remaining heads against the rock .
after that , they started on their search .
have you forgotten me ?
but Paul jumped underneath , and gave an upward cut so that six of the heads went rolling down .
they were the best heads too , and very soon the other twelve lay beside them .
then Paul changed the castle into an apple , and put it in his pocket .
afterwards he and the three girls set off for the opening which led upwards to the earth .
then Paul thanked him and bade him farewell , and he returned home again .
if they were not dead , they had flown elsewhere .
something had to be done , but they did not know what .
suddenly a bright thought struck the tanuki .
the fox laughed with delight , and rubbed her paws together with satisfaction .
the man did not need twice telling .
but the little tanaki stuck to his point , and at last the father proposed they should have a wager .
the little tanuki agreed , and went down the road which his father had pointed out .
but in reality it was he who had deceived himself .
the Crab And The Monkey
there was once a crab who lived in a hole on the shady side of a mountain .
so the monkey went off with his rice , and the crab returned to her hole with the kernel .
when he had beaten her till his arm ached he went his way .
he waited for an answer of some sort , but none came .
as he stretched out his hand up started the wasp and stung him on the nose .
the Horse Gullfaxi And The Sword Gunnfoder
one morning , as he sat by the grave , he noticed a richly dressed lady close to him .
then he told her how he had lost his queen , and how he came daily to weep at her grave .
and she laid the table for her sister and set food before her .
when she was quite out of sight Ingiborg told Sigurd to come out of his hiding-place .
and with these words she stalked off .
there you will see a giantess looking out over the rocks .
here is Prince Sigurd .
this will please her , and she will ask you to wrestle with her .
after that she will let you stay there all night .
the same thing will happen with my two other sisters .
then Ingiborg dropped the ball on the ground , and Sigurd bade her farewell .
he shall go into the pot to-night .
with these words she reached out a long boat hook and hauled him up the cliff .
the giantess was delighted , and challenged him to wrestle with her .
here is Prince Sigurd .
he shall go into the pot to-night .
and she lost no time in hauling him up .
the prince gave her his stepmother 's message and the second largest ring .
here comes Prince Sigurd .
the sight of the red gold delighted the giantess , and she challenged Sigurd to a wrestling match .
go there ; you will find a little girl playing with a boat .
try to make friends with her , and give her this little gold ring .
he went up to her and asked what her name was .
so Sigurd gave her the little gold ring , and proposed that they should have a game .
Helga tucked the bundle under her arm and threw it on the bed in her room .
the following day Helga went out to play and took the bundle of wool with her under her arm .
when she reached the lake she held her glove over it again and Sigurd resumed his own shape .
Helga grew red and did not answer .
but , instead of mounting Gullfaxi , as she expected , Sigurd stood still .
why , the jewels in the scabbard are more splendid than the big ruby in his crown !
has it got a name ?
soon after this Helga 's father came home and found his daughter in tears .
the next time Sigurd glanced round , the giant was so near that he almost touched Gullfaxi 's tail .
in an agony of fear Sigurd turned quickly in his saddle and hit the stone with the stick .
then he released his stepmother , and went in with her to see his father .
he stood a long time gazing at it , admiring the rich material and the splendid embroidery in it .
at last he could hold out no longer .
the two young men took a fancy to each other and rode on together .
the dagger which was to act as a passport was sticking in Omar 's girdle .
at the end of the second day he saw the great pillar at a distance .
Labakan 's heart beat fast at the sight .
towards the middle of the next day he saw a long procession of horses and camels coming towards him .
everything looked like the escort of some great man .
the first rays of the rising sun woke the happy tailor .
but his happiness was not long unclouded .
at last the horseman reached the foot of the hill .
here he flung himself from the saddle and hurried up to the pillar .
this turn of affairs threw the standers-by into great surprise .
these words infuriated the prince .
let him be bound and placed on a dromedary .
with these words the king took Labakan 's arm to support him down the hill .
they both mounted richly caparisoned horses and rode across the plain at the head of their followers .
the old king was Sached , Sultan of the Wachabites .
all this the sultan told Labakan , and was much pleased by his appearance and dignified manner .
all this filled Labakan 's proud heart with rapture , whilst the unfortunate Omar followed in silent rage and despair .
at length they arrived in the capital , where the public rejoicings were grander and more brilliant than anywhere else .
the queen awaited them in the great hall of the palace , surrounded by her entire court .
it was getting dark , and hundreds of coloured hanging lamps were lit to turn night into day .
in this state she awaited her husband and her son .
the guards had stepped back , but the king called to them in a furious voice to secure the madman .
the king laughed .
do you suppose my son would compete with that crazy tailor as to which could make the best clothes ?
the worthy Labakan laughed to himself .
on the third day they sent for the two young men and their work .
Labakan came first and spread out his kaftan before the eyes of the astonished king .
impatiently he threw the stuff and scissors down on the floor .
take these two little boxes and let the two men who claim to be your son choose between them .
she then handed him two little boxes made of ivory set with gold and pearls .
on the lid of each ( which the king vainly tried to open ) was an inscription in diamonds .
one of these boxes contains the proofs of your birth .
choose for yourself .
he then pointed to the ivory boxes , which were placed on two little tables near the throne .
Labakan rose and looked at the boxes .
Omar was next led in , looking sad and sorrowful .
he threw himself down before the throne and asked what was the king 's pleasure .
the king pointed out the two boxes to him , and he rose and went to the tables .
the boxes were opened with the greatest ease .
in the one Omar had chosen lay a little gold crown and sceptre on a velvet cushion .
In Labakan 's box was found a large needle with some thread !
the king told the two young men to bring him their boxes .
they did so .
it seems as though you were to stick to your needle .
you have not deserved any mercy , but I cannot be harsh on this day .
in the midst of all the noise and rejoicing Labakan slipped off with his little box under his arm .
when he reached Alexandria he rode up to his old master 's door .
he could do nothing but remount his horse and ride to an inn .
next morning he set to work to fulfil his good resolutions .
he sold his little box to a jeweller for a good price , bought a house and opened a workshop .
Labakan soon got plenty of customers .
the Colony Of Cats
old Gatto , being a sensible old cat , understood the little servant 's feelings .
but first you must be rewarded for all your kind services to my children .
father Gatto purred loudly with satisfaction .
immediately a beautiful golden star appeared on her forehead , crowning her glossy black hair .
the golden star , too , could not be removed from her forehead .
but all the gold pieces she drew from her pockets had found their way to her mother and sister .
when they heard that Peppina was her sister , they all ran to meet her .
with every day that passed the household became more and more aware of its misfortune .
at Father Gatto 's next visit he found the whole colony in a state of uproar .
father Gatto 's yellow eyes darted fire .
their mother was furious .
mew , mew , mew !
Prince , look quick behind you !
in the well is fair Lizina , And you 've got nothing but Peppina .
of course that is what they always say , but this time it happened to be true .
in this way six years passed by , and his eighteenth birthday drew near .
so day by day she grew more and more sorrowful , and when she was alone wept bitterly .
you will need a companion in the long journey on which you are going .
if he takes the larger bit , then part from him , for he is no true friend to you .
then she kissed her son once more , and blessed him , and let him go .
the other consented , and they were soon sitting before a good dinner .
but he was very sociable and the way seemed long and dull by himself .
and for the third time the king 's son explained all about his mother 's vow .
and the stranger agreed to all he said , and they rode forward together .
so they hired a small house close to the royal castle , and took up their abode there .
I have come myself to your shrine , and have brought my friend .
I place him in your hands .
and both the young men gave thanks , and set their faces towards home .
when they arrived at the town where the king dwelt they entered the small house over against the castle .
and the king was content that he should do so , and gave orders to prepare for their journey .
when they heard of the queen 's summons they flocked from all parts , but none could cure him .
but the little child lay as white and still as if she had been dead .
at sunrise the old man returned and asked after the sick man .
with these words he lifted his hand in blessing and vanished .
there was once a merchant who lived close to the royal palace , and had three daughters .
you must let nobody into the house .
so the old woman opened the door and Maria slept in her house .
then she seized the cord and clambered up to the window .
and he began to cross-question her about what she had done .
meanwhile the two elder sisters had married the two friends of the king , and were the mothers of little daughters .
and now there was this fresh misfortune , for how was he to make a coat of stone ?
the merchant did not reply , but went sorrowfully back to his house , where Maria sat waiting for him .
so the old man went out at once to see about it .
the doll nodded .
and the next day they were married and lived happily for many years .
but nothing was there except the kettle , which seemed quiet enough .
Jimmu thanked his friend for his counsel , which he followed exactly .
yet he did not feel happy .
THE LILY'S QUEST
what a contrast between the young pilgrims of bliss and their unbidden associate !
there were vistas and pathways leading onward and onward into the green woodlands , and vanishing away in the glimmering shade .
under this type , Adam Forrester and Lilias saw that the old man spake of Sorrow .
and were the Lily and her lover to be more fortunate than all those millions ?
with his farewell glance , a shadow had fallen over the portal , and Lilias was invisible .
among those forgotten ancestors was the Lily to be laid .
THE BROWN FAIRY BOOK
LONGMANS , GREEN , AND CO .
DEDICATED TO DIANA SCOTT LANG
the stories in this Fairy Book come from all quarters of the world .
however , many boys might think it better fun to begin to learn hunting as soon as they can walk .
that is how this Fairy Book was made up for your entertainment .
Ball-Carrier and the Bad One @number@
the Turtle and his Bride @number@
the Husband of the Rat 's Daughter @number@
the Mermaid and the Boy @number@
Pivi and Kabo @number@
fortune and the Wood-Cutter @number@
the Prince and the Three Fates @number@
the Fox and the Lapp @number@
the Lion and the Cat @number@
which was the Foolishest ? @number@
Asmund and Signy @number@
the Knights of the Fish @number@
PAGE Prince Alms brings Game to the King Lion @number@
the Dog and his Attendants @number@
the Boy in the Witch 's Hut @number@
the Holy Man gives the Bag to Father Grumbler @number@
Julia sings her Song into the Shell @number@
the Girl laughs at the Army of Turtles @number@
every Time a Bear was killed his Shadow returned to the House of the Great Bear Chief @number@
all the Animals try to get the Rock off Wolverine 's Legs @number@
the Elf Maiden 's House @number@
the King falls in Love with the Sister of the Sun @number@
the Elves and the Bear @number@
Kisa the Cat carries off Ingibjrg 's Feet from the Giant 's Cave @number@
the Princess steals the King 's Letter @number@
THE BROWN FAIRY BOOK
at the place where the prince intended to hunt he saw a most beautiful deer .
then his horse fell and surrendered its life to God .
his face was kind , and wise and thoughtful , and he came on and spoke to the prince .
who are you ?
who are you ?
the Most High God gave me seven sons who grew up well versed in all princely arts .
princes come from all quarters to ask her hand , and on one and all she imposes a condition .
nothing that I could say had the slightest effect on him .
at last , out of pity for him , I let him go .
he reached the city of King Quims .
then I mourned him in black raiment for forty days .
then they told the king all about her and her doings .
I will send an abundance of gifts , and a string of camels laden with flashing stones and rubies of Badakhshn .
what did he see ?
the sight of the drums stirred the fire of Prince Tahmsp 's love .
all his urgency , however , had no effect in making the prince withdraw .
then the prince went to his own quarters and was treated as became his station .
why do you persist in this folly ?
the news of the death of Prince Tahmsp plunged his father into despair and stupefaction .
these words brought his father to tears .
here he found out a very old man who had a wife @number@ years old , or rather more .
they were glad when the prince came to their house , and they dealt with him as with a son .
he put all his belongings into their charge , and fastened his horse in their out-house .
then he asked them not to speak of him to anyone , and to keep his affairs secret .
it was a very splendid place , with a wonderful gateway , and walls like Alexander 's ramparts .
many gate-keepers were on guard , and there was no chance of passing them .
there he hid himself till his loin cloth was dry .
so another girl went to the water and saw the same thing , and came back with the same story .
she lost a hundred hearts to him , and signed to her nurse to bring him to her presence .
tell me your secret ; who are you , and how did you come here ?
so , with streaming eyes and burning breast , Dil-arm arose and went to her house and lamented and fretted .
this was the very thing Dil-arm had prayed for .
I will not tell your secret .
I want to know what the rose did to the cypress .
then they repeated the agreement about their marriage , and bade one another good-bye .
the prince thanked heaven , laid the hands of reverence on his breast and salaamed .
do not go ; choose some other task !
but his words had no effect on the prince 's resolve .
in it there are jins , demons , and pers .
follow this for a day and a night .
then you will come to a column on which is a marble slab inscribed with Cufic characters .
after a day and a night he saw the column rise in silent beauty to the heavens .
if a man would pass his life in ease and pleasantness , let him take the right-hand path .
my purpose lies in the land of Qf and my road is full of peril .
the prince approached and tied up his horse near the negro's head .
in the inner garden there were very many deer .
it will make you a vagabond of the earth , and lead you to destruction .
come , cease such talk !
no one can go to the Caucasus .
the pure , clear wine was brought ; she filled a cup and gave to him .
so to make him lose his head , she drained the cup ; then filled it again and gave him .
it found none , and it joined the other deer , which soon made it their leader .
he looked again for some place by which he could get out of the magic garden .
presently a girl of such moon-like beauty opened a window that the prince lost to her a hundred hearts .
so he played about the girl and let her catch him by the neck .
a leash was brought , fruits were given , and it was caressed with delight .
Jamla darted down like a flash of lightning , and saw that it was so .
it rubbed its head on her feet and then shook it so sadly that the girl cried for sympathy .
why do you cry , my soul ?
is it because I have caught you ?
at these words the deer uttered sounds , and laid its head on her feet .
then she slipped her hand under her carpet and produced a stick to which she said something .
she struck the deer hard , it pirouetted and became Prince Alms .
the broidered kerchief and the jewels lay upon the ground .
then she called for a clothes-wallet and chose out a royal dress of honour .
her attendants dressed him in it , and brought him again before the tender-hearted lady .
what hope is there in it ?
the road is dangerous even near here , and this is not yet the borderland of the Caucasus .
come , give it up !
it is a great risk , and to go is not wise .
it would be a pity for a man like you to fall into the hands of jins and demons .
it is called the Place of Gifts , and you must stay there one night .
there you will see many wild beasts lions , tigers , leopards , apes , and so on .
before you get there you must capture some game .
then she escorted him a little way ; they parted , and she went home to mourn his absence .
the prince advanced and saluted it ; it proudly drooped its head and forelocks and paced to the platform .
seventy or eighty others were with it , and now encircled it at a little distance .
when it wished for food he cut off pieces of the meat and put them in its mouth .
then it went off into the jungle .
Prince Alms immediately started ; he rode till he came to the parting of the ways .
come to my master .
he caught him by the collar , tucked him under his arm and set off with him to Taram-tq .
they came roaring up , and put fresh life into the prince .
then the ten thousand mighty lions joined the fray and tore in pieces man and horse .
the king-lion greatly praised the dashing courage of Prince Alms .
they went together into the Castle of Clashing Swords and found it adorned and fitted in princely fashion .
in it was a daughter of Taram-tq , still a child .
he sent for her and she kissed his feet and received the Mussulman faith at his hands .
he said good-bye , chose a fresh horse from the chief 's stable and once again took the road .
after travelling many stages and for many days , he reached a plain of marvellous beauty and refreshment .
near it a reservoir had been fashioned of four sorts of stone touchstone , pure stone , marble , and loadstone .
he was still dozing when he was aroused by the neighing and pawing of his horse .
then the prince took a second arrow and shot into its throat .
the foul vapour of the beast and horror at its strangeness now overcame the prince , and he fainted .
when he came to himself he found that he was drenched in the gore of the dead monster .
he rose and thanked God for his deliverance .
by the time the dragon had been killed they were very hungry and set up a clamour for food .
they had never been able to find out the murderer , and now suspected the prince .
then the Smurgh flew off to a distance with the great stone and dropped it .
it sank down to the very middle of the earth .
by God 's grace you have removed my children 's powerful foe .
I regard you as a child of my own .
when I ask for it you must put food and water into my mouth .
the prince walked on in solitude till he reached the city .
he spent seven days thinking it over in silence .
there is no other way ; no one else will tell you .
the king was astounded .
applause and compliments rang from every side .
she was extraordinarily beautiful , and shamed the glorious sun .
food was called for and table-cloths were spread .
delicate meats were set before the dog , and water given it in a royal cup of Chinese crystal .
one day I was hunting and became very thirsty .
I was alone , I took my turban for a rope and my cap for a bucket .
after trying a thousand schemes , I drew up two blind women .
there I watched the cow come up from the sea , graze , and go back .
then I came out of my hiding , took a little of her dung and conveyed it to the pers .
teach her to love you so that she cannot exist without you .
but if the matter becomes known to her mother she will have you burned in the fire .
I saw her sleeping daintily .
have you come to steal ?
how did you get here ?
I could not go away .
for some months I remained hidden in her house .
we did not dare to let her mother know of our love .
sometimes the girl was very sad and fearful lest her mother should come to know .
how is this ?
has sickness touched you ?
this was allowed , and those two contrived to be the anointers .
I was put into the fire and it was kept up for seven days and nights .
by the will of the Great King it left no trace upon me .
it is best to give him the girl , for they love one another .
you now know the price I paid for this faithless creature .
I reprimanded the groom and beat him .
that day I did not hunt , but stayed at home to follow the matter up .
I lay down as usual at night and pretended to fall asleep .
that night it was Tiger 's turn .
she rode off on him , and I took Windfoot and followed .
with me went that dog you see , a faithful friend who never left me .
he got up and beat her till she was marked with weals , but she uttered no complaint .
I lost control of myself and rushed upon him .
he clutched my collar and we grappled in a death struggle .
suddenly she came behind me , caught my feet and threw me .
while he held me on the ground , she drew out my own knife and gave it to him .
then I got up and despatched the wretch .
to this request the king consented .
it took the prince on its back and soared away to the zenith .
when the king heard of his escape he thanked heaven that his hands were clean of this blood .
Up and up flew the Smurgh , till earth looked like an egg resting on an ocean .
their meeting was joyful , and they went together to the garden-palace .
Jamla summoned all her notables , and in their presence her marriage with the prince was solemnised .
later on he entered the city , beat boldly on the drums , and was conducted to the presence .
all assembled , and the king and his queen Gul-rukh , and the girl and the prince were there .
the prince smiled , and turned and addressed the assembly .
all saw the good sense of his words and showed their approval .
her heart sank , for she feared that her long-kept secret was now to be noised abroad .
the king was overwhelmed with astonishment , but the girl had taken heart again .
this was done .
light came , and the king saw his son .
this frightened Mihr-afrz horribly , for she thought the same thing might be done to herself .
up till now I have been subject to no man , and no man had had my love .
in this matter I have not sinned .
finished , finished , finished !
BALL-CARRIER AND THE BAD ONE
her plan was a very simple one , and had never yet failed .
but as he did so it began to roll very gently downhill .
now , surely , if he gave a spring he could get in front of it !
he sprang forward , tripped and fell , and found himself in the witch 's house !
so the boy sat down , and ate some food which she gave him in a bowl .
it was quite different from anything he had tasted before , and he thought it was delicious .
when he had eaten up every bit , the witch asked him if he had ever fasted .
at length the witch called to him , and said :
at the sound of her voice the boy got up and ate the food she gave him .
the boy took the ball and put it in a bag .
when all these things were ready the boy bade farewell to the witch and set out .
once there he replaced the ball in the bag , and looked carefully round him .
what should he do ?
give horrible shrieks as if he were in pain ?
call him by his name ?
but the Bad One was very cunning , and would suspect some trick .
he must try something better than that !
then suddenly an idea came to him , and he gave a little jump of joy .
next he unhooked the little bridge and put it under his right .
the Bad One made a sign to the woman , who inquired where he had hidden them .
and he went out to visit the water-demons .
Lung-Woman lost no time in obeying her orders .
the kettle soon began to sing and bubble , and Ball-Carrier was lifted in .
HOW BALL-CARRIER FINISHED HIS TASK
one morning he saw two children playing in front of the hut , and went out to speak to them .
but as soon as they saw him they set up cries of horror and ran away .
but at this moment the sister-in-law came up .
I have heard of you so often that I am very glad to meet you .
but with the first step Ball-Carrier changed himself into a wolf and for a long way kept ahead .
then gradually he heard her creeping up behind him , and soon she was in front .
now ever since Ball-Carrier 's death the family had been very poor , and often could not get enough to eat .
and the mother , who did not know how to get rid of him , gave in .
just as she was going to cook it her two brothers came in .
and the poor girl , with a heavy heart , took the body of the redbreast up to her husband .
but the man only flew into a rage , and flung the bird out of the window .
then he got up and went out .
and the ball started with the old woman following .
and after that was done she put the pole back again .
then Ball-Carrier remembered his parents and went back to them .
they must run fast indeed if they were to escape .
and he set out at once for the cave .
what a quantity there were to be sure !
the whole road was covered with them , and the banks on each side were beginning to disappear .
and the lid of the basket closed with a snap .
only there is no need to chatter about it all over the place .
you understand ?
the innkeeper and his wife did not need telling twice .
down they went on their knees and gathered up everything they could lay hands on .
do you see this basket ?
the children , wondering and delighted , repeated the words , but nothing happened .
and though Father Grumbler did look , it was quite true that none was to be seen .
you know quite well .
in a few minutes the Holy Man returned with a cock under his arm .
and without waiting for an answer he shut the door .
why , I have gold and diamonds now , as much as I want .
do you see that cock ?
but I know that was what he said !
then suddenly he seized the cock , shut it into the basket , and rushed out of the house .
it is me !
Holy Man ! you know !
it is like the basket .
and , turning , he unhooked something from the wall .
and , smiling to himself , the Holy Man pushed Father Grumbler out of the cave .
you can light the fire with this basket .
go and fetch my cock and my basket , at once .
THE STORY OF THE YARA
this state of things went on for some weeks , then at last chance favoured him .
I have been there constantly for several months , but last night a strange thing happened .
as Julia listened her face grew deadly white , and her whole body shivered as if with cold .
could the voice which had bewitched Alonzo have come from one of these ?
well , of course I promise .
if you will not promise I shall go mad with fright .
you look so pale !
Alonzo stared at her .
had she really gone mad ?
and Julia flung herself on the ground weeping bitterly .
at this sight Alonzo became suddenly grave , and kneeling by her side , gently raised her up .
with a great effort Julia checked her sobs , and rose to her feet .
I know you will try to keep your word and to stay away from the forest .
oh , I have seen it , and more than one betrothed maiden lives alone , broken-hearted .
it was late that night when Alonzo returned home .
but the young man steadily turned his face in the other direction , and went home to bed .
but , in spite of this , the song rang in his ears , and daily grew louder .
in the evening he went as usual to the creeper-covered house .
on pretence of a violent headache , he left Julia much earlier than usual and hurried quickly home .
once outside he hastened down the road which led to the forest .
but it was no use ; something stronger than himself compelled him to keep them there .
he turned to run , but his feet were glued to the spot .
again Alonzo fired , and a second time the bullet whistled through the air , and the figure advanced nearer .
Alonzo felt his senses going and his will failing .
would there be even one fish ?
and at this thought the pangs of hunger made him feel quite sick with fear .
then he rolled up the net with the rest , put it on his back and carried it home .
the old woman stared at him in horror as she listened to his proposal .
he repeated them , as well as he could remember , and waited to see what would happen .
the sparks were scattered in every direction , and one fell on the net , making a little blaze .
THE TURTLE AND HIS BRIDE
when they drew near the camp they plucked up their courage , and began to sing a war-song .
whoever comes here , will die , will die !
and the turtle , followed by his relations , carried her off to his own hut .
then she filled it with water and hung it over the fire to boil .
it was just beginning to bubble and hiss when the turtle entered .
what a question !
the roads are so muddy , after the winter 's rains .
if one is fighting , you know , one cannot stop to pick one 's way .
the woman did not wait for him to change his mind .
HOW GEIRALD THE COWARD WAS PUNISHED
as soon as the business was finished , Rosald hastened home .
Full of joy Rosald rode off , and the next day he and Geirald started off to seek adventures .
and , besides , it is a grand opportunity to show what we are made of .
so they went up the rocks silently and carefully .
I know what sort of weapon I shall use .
when this was done to his liking he took it home under his arm .
suddenly his face brightened .
and to this Geirald readily consented .
in the confusion that followed it was easy for Rosald to slip away and return Geirald his proper clothes .
at length , after a great show of resistance , he fell heavily to the ground .
the combat was fixed to take place at ten o'clock the following day .
after that there was no need of any further proof .
Helga , who was still the prettiest of the three , looked up .
and though Helga stood pale and trembling with surprise , she did not try to run away .
and though Helga was very unwilling to go , something inside her forced her to obey .
do you see that big grey one , with the silver bells between her horns ?
at this Helga quite forgot the sheep and the cow .
but Hbogi would not stop or listen .
and , taking her arm , he led her up the steps .
HOW THE LITTLE BROTHER SET FREE HIS BIG BROTHERS
these had not gone far when their dogs scented a bear , and drove him out from the thicket .
the bear ran across a clearing , and the elder brother managed to place an arrow right in his head .
the mountain will open to let you in , and the hunters will follow you .
the servant bowed low , and started at once for the fork , where he hid himself in the bushes .
then the boy looked up and saw the angry bears about him .
in an instant the transformation took place , and two creatures , neither beast nor human , stood before the chief .
so , slipping on her snow-shoes , she started on her way .
besides , he wished to seek for his parents .
he then made himself a bow , very light and strong , and got down his snow-shoes .
when the strap was firm again the boy spoke to his snow-shoes and said :
but the bear chief only laughed , and said nothing .
and the two elder brothers came up and put their paws on his shoulders , and they all three wept together .
then the bear-skin fell away from them , and they stood upright once more .
THE SACRED MILK OF KOUMONGO
what would father say when he came home ?
and he turned from her in a rage , and sat down in the corner .
Thakan did not know what to do .
in an instant there poured forth such a stream of milk that it ran like a river into the hut .
that is some mischief of the children 's , I am sure .
and they both threw down their hoes and hurried to the side of Koumongo .
the father listened to Thakan 's words , but made no answer .
when all was ready , the man sent for his servants and said :
why do you give to the ogre Your child , so fair , so fair ?
why do you give to the ogre Your child , so fair , so fair ?
crossing the plain , the girl and her father passed a herd of gazelles feeding .
why do you give to the ogre Your child , so fair , so fair ?
at last they arrived at the village where the ogre lived , and they went straight to his hut .
after that the servant returned to Masilo and related all that had happened .
now Masilo had fallen in love with Thakan the moment he saw her .
but when her mother-in-law saw it was a girl , she wrung her hands and wept , saying :
there , when children die , they are buried in the earth .
suddenly she heard a rustling among the willows , and an old woman appeared before her .
then Thakan dried her eyes , and gladly accepted the old woman 's offer .
but he ran down quickly by another path , and got there first , and hid himself in the bushes .
an instant later , Thakan arrived , and standing on the bank , she sang :
after they had gone , Thakan returned to the village , which Masilo had managed to reach before her .
and his mother passed on , and left him alone .
and Thakan carried her answer back to Masilo .
then Thakan stepped forward in front of the cattle and sang :
and he called loudly to the lightning to come and help him as quickly as possible .
and he stooped down to pick up the pieces .
but just look at the way she has done it !
for as the wolverine was older than the mouse , he was accustomed to speak to her in this manner .
at last the coat was ready , and the wolverine put it on .
he was growing desperate , when he suddenly came upon a bear that was lying asleep .
and I know a place where they grow so thick the ground is quite hidden .
why , look for yourself !
but at last she returned with a sackful , and put them down beside the wolverine .
THE HUSBAND OF THE RAT'S DAUGHTER
her parents were very proud of her , and spared no pains to teach her all she ought to know .
but here a difficulty arose .
unluckily , the mother had other views for her precious child .
so she talked , as mothers will , to anyone that would listen to her .
the journey took some time , but at length they came to the golden palace where the sun lived .
she is so beautiful that she is above everything in the whole world .
naturally , we wish for a son-in-law who , on his side , is greater than all .
there is something greater than I am , and that is the cloud .
and as he spoke a cloud spread itself over the sun 's face , blotting out his rays .
there is one thing that is even more powerful than I , and that is the wind .
when she had recovered her breath , the mother began her little speech once more .
and the mother , who did not trouble to conceal her wishes , turned at once to the wall .
it is the rat who passes through me , and can reduce me to powder , simply with his teeth .
THE MERMAID AND THE BOY
long , long ago , there lived a king who ruled over a country by the sea .
the king hesitated at this proposal .
from that moment the happiness of both their lives was ruined .
then he bade farewell to his parents and went his way .
in another moment something passed swiftly through the air and a lion stood before him .
so the boy and the lion slept soundly side by side , till the sun rose .
then he looked out for a sleeping place , and found some dry ferns , which he gathered and heaped up .
the boy rose and turned his head , and saw a huge black bear coming towards him .
when he had quite finished , he got up and stretched himself .
the next moment his body stretched out and thick black fur covered him all over .
and the bee departed after the boy had pulled out the hair and wrapped it carefully in a leaf .
in a moment the strangest thing happened to him .
and , turning to one of the lackeys , she bade him find a bed for the youth .
and when the hall was empty he lay down for a few minutes .
then he turned himself into a man again .
at this dreadful sight the princess , who was broad awake , began to scream loudly .
and they made up their minds that let her scream as loudly as she might they would take no notice .
if any man could find it and bring it to him he would receive her hand as a reward .
he kissed it , and ran down the stairs bearing the sword with him .
this soon came , for the day was hot and the prince was thirsty .
so , fastening the sword to his belt , he carried it to the king .
the war was soon over , and the king returned to his people , who welcomed him with shouts of joy .
so the mermaid took him on her shoulders and bore him up midway to the surface .
then the mermaid carried him to the very top .
so she took him right to the land .
oh , what joy filled her heart at the sight of him !
but the Red Knight found it no easier to become a bear than a lion .
and the old knight buzzed and hummed , but he remained a man and not a bee .
and in a second a man took the place of the lion .
Kabo stood on the bank of the river , and Pivi went into the water .
it is the Black Ant who will come and creep from your feet up to your head .
but few can climb without using their hands at all .
and up he went , but it was very difficult , and down he came .
when the sun set he went into the hut .
people chattering in the hut !
he hunted for his cocoa-nuts , but none were there .
down he ran to the river .
they went back to the hut , where the girls were laughing and playing .
it is not the same Pivi but there is a kind of likeness .
then Pivi told Kabo about the kind woman , and all the wonderful things that had happened to him .
but he didn't !
then he ran to the woman .
Kabo laughed like a fiend , and then went home .
Kabo pretended to cry , and told how Pivi had been swallowed .
we do not love anyone else .
Pivi said not one word .
they cut up Kabo into little pieces .
Pivi turned round , and there was the good woman of the river .
then the good woman laughed ; and Pivi and his two wives lived happy ever afterwards .
once upon a time two young men living in a small village fell in love with the same girl .
everybody went on this expedition , and the two young men and the girl went with them .
they all sailed merrily across the sea chattering like a flock of magpies , or singing their favourite songs .
I have left my best knife behind in the hut .
at the door of the hut he stopped and looked back , then started and gazed in horror .
the head of the boat stood out to sea , and he was left alone on the island .
in this way the months slipped by , and Christmas came round again .
then he hastily stepped behind the wood stack , and waited for what might happen next .
in an instant , boat , people , and goods had vanished completely .
and by-and-by it was spring once more , and time for the fisher-folk to sail from the mainland .
as he laid his hand upon the door he thought he was safe , and turned to look .
HOW SOME WILD ANIMALS BECAME TAME ONES
however , he took care to awaken very early , and set off down the road with a light heart .
the wolf 's jaw dropped in astonishment and terror .
and without saying any more he trotted off the way he had come .
the horse threw back his head at these words , and laughed scornfully .
and with this proud speech he gave a whisk of his long tail , and galloped away faster than before .
but when he reached the miller 's house everything happened as the boy had said .
but everything turned out just as the boy had said .
but none of the animals that went to the miller 's wedding ever came back .
FORTUNE AND THE WOOD-CUTTER
I shall go to the forest no more !
do you think Fortune will come to anybody who does not go after her ?
and the man went up , and repeated his request .
the mules , left to themselves , took the path that led to their master 's stable .
she lost no time in calling her husband , who was still lying in bed .
and she ran off to tell her husband .
once upon a time an old woman lived in a small cottage near the sea with her two daughters .
one morning the old woman rose even earlier than usual , and set off for the city with her wares .
at the sound of these words the poor woman nearly went mad with terror .
never ! never !
so they all sat silent at their work , inwardly cursing the head which was the cause of their misfortunes .
Midnight was striking as she reached the spot where she had met the head so many hours before .
and three minutes later he placed a purse full of sequins in the old woman 's hand .
no one can imagine the joy of the whole family at the sight of all this wealth .
the tiny , tumble-down cottage was rebuilt , the girls had new dresses , and their mother ceased selling veils .
when this happened their hearts sank within them , and their faces fell .
the old woman did not need twice telling , but set off at once for the bridge .
the neighbours wondered where all this sudden wealth had sprung from , but nobody knew about the head .
that is the first thing .
so the old woman returned and told the head the sultan 's first condition .
for thirty-nine days the head remained in its favourite corner .
but on the thirty-ninth evening after her visit to the palace , the head suddenly spoke .
and the old woman went home and gave Ali 's message to the head .
then he remembered .
what shall I give him to do next ?
let me think .
but when I walk across it I shall need some place to rest on the other side .
and she walked home slowly , with her head bent .
and the old woman told her story .
then he told the old woman to go to the bridge and call for Hassan .
and after thinking some time he sent for the old woman , who was expecting the summons .
and a negro appeared , and inquired what she wanted .
at the sight before him the king flew into a violent rage .
but the princess placed her hand gently on his arm .
THE SISTER OF THE SUN
the boy had need of all his courage to listen silently to the king 's words .
she has three golden hens in her house .
when evening came they lay down to sleep , and put the knapsack under their heads for a pillow .
and the boy , peeping through the bushes , saw a man .
they halted before the gate and took counsel as to which of them should go in and see the lady herself .
the man listened , but did not interfere , and the boy entered the court of the palace .
and as the last one passed by him , he saw she had one feather missing from her tail .
at this sight the youth darted forward and seized the hen by the neck so that she could not struggle .
on the threshold he stopped again .
as he drew near the gate he paused .
and he wrung his hands with regret , so that the hen fell to the ground and ran away .
she jumped up in haste from her bed , and going to the door she said to the boy :
let us set off at once in search of the sister .
the fox then made each pillar a low bow , and set off to join his friends .
the youth stood aghast at the king 's words .
but the princess saw what was passing in his mind , and whispered to him :
in my ship you will find an axe , which you must carry off to the forest .
he did not keep them long , but they saw by his face that nothing good awaited them .
but again the old man interfered , and declared that without the king 's permission no marriage could take place .
so no wonder the youth trembled and turned pale when he heard what lay before him .
when the serpent rears up its body you will cut off its three heads with one blow of your sword .
then take the tip of each tongue and go with it to-morrow morning into the king 's kitchen .
the young man did exactly what the princess had told him .
the youth had his sword ready , and in another second the three heads were bobbing on the water .
and , opening the kitchen door , he fled to the ship .
but the old woman only shook her head .
and the door opened in front of him .
but as he turned hopelessly away , she stopped him .
then she will grow calmer , and will know you again .
the two men were quite pleased with this idea , and handed him the cloth .
and as he spoke the fighters both stopped and looked at him .
the men were pleased with the idea , and handed him the staff .
but when he was shown the end he threw the stuff over his shoulders and vanished .
at last he saw another set of men , who were struggling for the possession of a pair of shoes .
and before he knew it , he was there , and found the Sister of the Sun dying of grief .
throughout the kingdom there was nothing but joy ; and this time the wedding was really celebrated .
and the bridal pair lived happily in the castle on the Banka till they died .
THE PRINCE AND THE THREE FATES
the fairies looked at him , and all shook their heads at once .
and so saying they vanished .
and he watched the dog till it had disappeared round the corner .
the page was much puzzled to know what to do .
years went by , and the boy and the dog played together till the boy grew tall and strong .
the time came at last when he sent a message to his father , saying :
but though some managed to get further than others , nobody was anywhere near the top .
looking up from below , they saw a white hand stretched forth to draw him in .
but the prince still had his reasons for being silent , and only told the same story .
but the prince would not listen to her .
and this went on for more than a month .
this was the reason why he delayed his journey so long , and narrowly escaped being eaten by the crocodile .
after that it dropped on the ground and slept heavily .
there is only one means of shaking off my power .
and in that case her death was as certain as that of the prince .
but nothing so dreadful happened .
the princess got safely to the other side , and then became the worst part of her task .
meanwhile the hours were passing , and it was nearly noon .
the heart of the poor princess was filled with despair , but she would not give up the struggle .
then the prince turned with a shout of triumph , and the crocodile sulkily plunged into the river .
the prince had escaped for ever the second of his three fates !
in another instant his dog dashed by in hot pursuit , and knocked heavily against his master 's legs .
THE FOX AND THE LAPP
the fox meanwhile was enjoying himself mightily .
at this sight the fox held his sides for laughing , and then scampered away in another direction .
By-and-by he came to a fir tree , and crept into a hole under the root .
after that he did something very strange .
taking one of his hind feet between his two front paws , he said softly :
in this manner they set out down the road , the fox 's tail being always in the bear 's mouth .
after a while he stole cautiously and found , as he expected , nothing left but a few charred bones .
then he whipped up his reindeer , and was soon out of sight .
who could tell ?
but there could be no harm in just one peep !
and the fox did nothing , but looked on .
from there he set up the most frightful shrieks , so that the animals fled away in all directions .
at this moment a fine salmon swam slowly up .
and the fox went on till he nearly fell over an asp who was gliding across the road .
the cat was as good as her word .
what a hunt there was for that kitten , to be sure !
but it was all no use .
but girls have no memories at all !
then he went away .
in the corner of the room was a pile of cushions , and these Kisa arranged as a bed .
the pain vanished at once , and Ingibjrg looked up and smiled at Kisa .
but before she had finished the princess was asleep .
and the cat came in , holding up the two neat little feet in their silver slippers .
the princess was very unhappy when Kisa left her without even bidding her farewell .
THE LION AND THE CAT
and the snake died , and the two brothers skinned it .
the cat said nothing , but he did not feel that he loved his big brother .
but how was the stealing to be done ?
he longed to get at it ; but was the branch strong enough to bear his weight ?
it was no use , after all he had done , getting drowned in the water .
to his delight it seemed thick and stout .
it might take some time , but the lion 's little brother was patient , like most cats .
after that they went to sleep .
but where was I to meet them ?
that was my chance , and I took it .
WHICH WAS THE FOOLISHEST ?
after the cutting came the sewing .
meanwhile the other wife was not idle .
they lived at home in their father 's palace , and he spared no pains to make their lives happy .
do let me come too , and live in one of your trees .
unfortunately sadder days were to come .
a war with another country broke out , and the king had to lead his army against their enemy .
when Asmund saw all these wild doings from his tree he felt he could no longer keep silence .
the witch was raving and roaring as usual , and said to her brother :
Asmund then told the prince about the two oak trees and took him to see them .
after this Prince Asmund and his bride returned to his country to live with the king his father .
the two couples often met , and lived happily for many , many years .
and that is the end of the story .
and as gnomes live many hundreds of years he saw strange things .
but the next time he ventured above ground , what was his surprise to find everything changed !
so he ran away and went to serve the judge .
this was Master Rbezahl 's opportunity .
meanwhile the princess was not at all unhappy in the palace of her elfish lover .
doubtless this lovely mortal is pining for company .
there they found so much to amuse them that the hours passed like minutes .
and now all went cheerfully in the castle .
isn't this solitary life in such a desert bad enough without your turning the castle into a hospital for the aged ?
so saying the gnome took himself off .
but to her surprise she could not find it anywhere .
I promised more than I could perform .
after that , by the power of the wonderful wand she summoned a cricket , and taught him this greeting :
these two unlucky ventures did not prevent the princess from trying once more .
this time she changed the turnip into a magpie .
the princess meanwhile was craftily pursuing her plan of escape .
her golden hair was braided and crowned with myrtle blossoms , and her flowing veil sparkled with gems .
in these magnificent garments she went to meet the gnome upon the great terrace .
my heart answers to your tenderness , and yet I am fearful .
go ! count the turnips in yonder meadow .
my wedding feast must not lack guests .
they shall provide me with bride-maidens too .
while all this was happening , Prince Ratibor was hurrying away with his prize to a place of safety .
STORY OF THE KING WHO WOULD BE STRONGER THAN FATE
so he put the spurs to his horse , and followed it as hard as he could gallop .
presently he heard the sound of rushing water , and made towards it .
he noticed that the hermit threw two leaves in at a time , and watched them attentively .
the king laughed .
the king was overjoyed .
one evening the old woman was astonished to find that her very best nanny-goat returned without a drop of milk .
so the next day she followed the goats at a distance and watched them while they grazed .
the king asked her who she was .
she replied that she was his mother .
this , then , was the baby he had left to die , after cruelly murdering his mother !
as a soldier Nur Mahomed seemed to be in luck .
and as he was also modest and generous , he became a favourite with his officers and his comrades .
after this the strange adventures the young man passed through were endless .
he could be silent as the grave , and prided himself on his obedience .
according to orders Nur Mahomed presented himself early the next morning at the king 's private apartments .
the governor was resting , the soldier said , and could not see him until the evening .
he flung himself on his back and watched the birds twittering and chattering in the trees above him .
bees buzzed over the flowers with a soothing sound , and in a few minutes Nur Mahomed was fast asleep .
in her hurry she had almost tripped over him .
out of one of the folds of this young man 's turban there peeped the corner of a letter !
then she pulled it a little , and just a little more !
she examined the seal .
the letter was open and she read it !
the girl grew pale .
it was done !
he sent for his wife and told her to get the princess ready to be married at once .
STORY OF WALI DD THE SIMPLE-HEARTED
what should he do with them all ? he wondered .
with that he pulled the bracelet from his waistband , and handed it to his friend .
with these he set out on his journey .
Great was the perplexity of the good man to find a camel-load of silks tumbled at his door !
what was he to do with these costly things ?
the merchant departed , laughing .
this time the princess sent for the merchant , and questioned him about the giver .
the merchant felt handsomely repaid for his trouble , and wondered greatly how the matter would turn out .
this time the prince , too , was embarrassed , and questioned the merchant closely .
and with that he hurried off to the jungle and cut grass as fast as he could .
she 'd be the one to enjoy all these fine things !
so , after a few days ' rest , the caravan started off once more for Khaistn .
there is nothing for it but that we go and pay him a visit in person .
the merchant , the king declared , was to guide the party .
the feelings of the poor merchant in this sore dilemma can hardly be imagined .
day after day they moved on , and every day the poor merchant felt more ill and miserable .
at last they were only one day 's march from Wali Dd 's little mud home .
he could not do it !
he was afraid !
presently he was aware of a gentle radiance that shed itself before him .
surely morning was not already coming to hasten and reveal his disgrace !
with these words they both disappeared and left him .
then Wali Dd told the merchant all that had happened .
for three nights and days a great feast was held in honour of the royal guests .
never had anything so splendid been seen .
besides the great dinners , there were sports and hunting , and dances , and amusements of all sorts .
TALE OF A TORTOISE AND OF A MISCHIEVOUS MONKEY
he left them one day , and walked off in search of adventures .
and he hastened away as fast as his short legs would carry him .
when do you wish to begin ?
the tortoise picked up the end of the bone in his mouth and went back to the elephant .
they were very evenly matched , and the battle was a hard one .
but he was not considered a very swift runner , until an adventure with a deer added to his fame .
the stag thought the question so silly that he only shrugged his shoulders .
full of astonishment , the stag would redouble his efforts , but it was no use .
but the tortoise was not the only creature of whose tricks stories were told in the forest .
it was only a very little bit , and the monkey started up more in rage than in pain .
a few days later he came back and rapped at the door of the hut .
the woman protested she had not got the knife , so he took the sardine and ran off .
a few days later the monkey stopped again at the baker 's hut .
yes , on this occasion there could be no escape !
and at length chance helped him .
on his way to breakfast he met a rabbit , and stopped for a little talk .
I 'll tell you what !
but instead of falling to the ground again , the stone stuck to the soft wax .
but like the two stones his leg remained stuck to the wax , and he was held fast .
and this was how it came about .
but the puma easily saw through these excuses , and laughed at him .
as it was , he scrambled out , shaking with terror , and found the puma waiting for him .
suppose you were to climb the tree and get some .
when he had quite done , they set forth once more .
the path lay through a field of maize , where several men were working .
this done , he returned to bed .
he thought directly of the puma , and ran to accuse him of having eaten the sheep .
what has put it into your head to think of such a thing ?
have I got any blood about me ?
then the shepherd went to examine the sleeping stag , and of course he saw the blood .
the noise awakened the comrade above , and he came downstairs .
a large bucket was set before the puma directly .
on his way home he met the monkey .
so in this manner they reached the bank .
and the puma was silent .
the men thanked him heartily , let him pass on , and the puma followed behind him .
further along the path they saw the shining snake lying on the moss .
not long after this they reached the comrade 's house , and found him just ready to go to bed .
the monkey did not answer , but silently pointed to the puma who was pretending to be asleep .
then the monkey got up and went to the dairy , and drank all the milk he could find .
afterwards he returned home and married , and that is the last we heard of him .
THE KNIGHTS OF THE FISH
now the cobbler was as patient about fishing as he had been about cobbling .
and when they were safe in bed he stole out and buried the two pieces in the garden .
years passed away , and the babies were almost men .
she turned as she heard the sound of his sword , and removed her handkerchief from her eyes .
and when she had unwound it from her head he covered the mirror with it .
he shook his mane with rage and fury ; the enemy in front did exactly the same .
he lashed his tail , and rolled his red eyes , and the dragon opposite was no whit behind him .
but nobody stirred for all that .
but the young man did not heed them , and only struck a furious blow at the gate .
but at these words the knight let his spear fall , so surprised was he .
old though she was , it seemed impossible to tire her .
but the knight shook his head .
and the princess again sighed , and was silent .
the young man laughed scornfully .
this should probably read 613-635 , but the transcriber has been unable to verify this against the source .
it has therefore been preserved as printed .
punctuation errors have been repaired .
Hyphenation and use of accents has been made consistent within stories .
archaic spelling is preserved as printed .
the following typographic errors have been amended :
the frontispiece has been moved to follow the title page .
ALICE'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND
THE MILLENNIUM FULCRUM EDITION @number@
down , down , down .
would the fall NEVER come to an end !
presently she began again .
down , down , down .
there was nothing else to do , so Alice soon began talking again .
I wish you were down here with me !
so she set to work , and very soon finished off the cake .
I 'm sure I shan't be able !
ALICE'S RIGHT FOOT , ESQ .
and yesterday things went on just as usual .
I wonder if I 've been changed in the night ?
let me think : was I the same when I got up this morning ?
I almost think I can remember feeling a little different .
I 'll try if I know all the things I used to know .
I shall never get to twenty at that rate !
I must have been changed for Mabel !
that WILL be a queer thing , to be sure !
the Mouse gave a sudden leap out of the water , and seemed to quiver all over with fright .
Alice led the way , and the whole party swam to the shore .
a Caucus-Race and a Long Tale
they all sat down at once , in a large ring , with the Mouse in the middle .
this is the driest thing I know .
William 's conduct at first was moderate .
there was exactly one a-piece all round .
the Mouse only growled in reply .
and she 's such a capital one for catching mice you can't think !
and oh , I wish you could see her after the birds !
this speech caused a remarkable sensation among the party .
on various pretexts they all moved off , and Alice was soon left alone .
oh , my dear Dinah !
and here poor Alice began to cry again , for she felt very lonely and low-spirited .
oh my dear paws !
oh my fur and whiskers !
she 'll get me executed , as sure as ferrets are ferrets !
I do wonder what CAN have happened to me !
this time there were TWO little shrieks , and more sounds of broken glass .
as for pulling me out of the window , I only wish they COULD !
mind that loose slate Oh , it 's coming down !
it was Bill , I fancy Who 's to go down the chimney ?
Nay , I shan't !
YOU do it !
what happened to you ?
so she swallowed one of the cakes , and was delighted to find that she began shrinking directly .
I 'd nearly forgotten that I 've got to grow up again !
the great question certainly was , what ?
this was not an encouraging opening for a conversation .
which brought them back again to the beginning of the conversation .
this sounded promising , certainly : Alice turned and came back again .
Alice replied in a very melancholy voice .
do you think I can listen all day to such stuff ?
the Caterpillar was the first to speak .
this time Alice waited patiently until it chose to speak again .
no , no !
you 're a serpent ; and there 's no use denying it .
I 'm never sure what I 'm going to be , from one minute to another !
Alice went timidly up to the door , and knocked .
but at any rate he might answer questions .
it was , no doubt : only Alice did not like to be told so .
the Footman seemed to think this a good opportunity for repeating his remark , with variations .
and she opened the door and went in .
there was certainly too much of it in the air .
you see the earth takes twenty-four hours to turn round on its axis '
the baby grunted again , and Alice looked very anxiously into its face to see what was the matter with it .
no , there were no tears .
so she set the little creature down , and felt quite relieved to see it trot away quietly into the wood .
the Cat only grinned when it saw Alice .
Alice felt that this could not be denied , so she tried another question .
I 'm mad .
now I growl when I 'm pleased , and wag my tail when I 'm angry .
Alice was not much surprised at this , she was getting so used to queer things happening .
while she was looking at the place where it had been , it suddenly appeared again .
he had been looking at Alice for some time with great curiosity , and this was his first speech .
the Hatter was the first to break the silence .
Alice had been looking over his shoulder with some curiosity .
Alice felt dreadfully puzzled .
Alice sighed wearily .
Alice asked .
the Hatter shook his head mournfully .
a bright idea came into Alice 's head .
Alice ventured to ask .
and they pinched it on both sides at once .
the Dormouse slowly opened his eyes .
however , he consented to go on .
Alice was silent .
the Queen 's Croquet-Ground
five and Seven said nothing , but looked at Two .
so she stood still where she was , and waited .
she said it to the Knave of Hearts , who only bowed and smiled in reply .
the Knave did so , very carefully , with one foot .
the soldiers were silent , and looked at Alice , as the question was evidently meant for her .
she was walking by the White Rabbit , who was peeping anxiously into her face .
Alice gave a little scream of laughter .
Alice waited till the eyes appeared , and then nodded .
the Queen smiled and passed on .
the Queen had only one way of settling all difficulties , great or small .
so she went in search of her hedgehog .
and the executioner went off like an arrow .
the Mock Turtle 's Story
Alice thought to herself .
the Duchess took her choice , and was gone in a moment .
they very soon came upon a Gryphon , lying fast asleep in the sun .
she pitied him deeply .
so they sat down , and nobody spoke for some minutes .
but she waited patiently .
Alice asked .
the Mock Turtle went on .
the Gryphon lifted up both its paws in surprise .
Alice went on eagerly .
the Mock Turtle sighed deeply , and drew the back of one flapper across his eyes .
see how eagerly the lobsters and the turtles all advance !
they are waiting on the shingle will you come and join the dance ?
so they had to fall a long way .
so they got their tails fast in their mouths .
so they couldn't get them out again .
Alice was thoroughly puzzled .
Alice looked down at them , and considered a little before she gave her answer .
Alice asked in a tone of great curiosity .
so Alice began telling them her adventures from the time when she first saw the White Rabbit .
he looked at the Gryphon as if he thought it had some kind of authority over Alice .
who cares for fish , Game , or any other dish ?
the twelve jurors were all writing very busily on slates .
Alice whispered to the Gryphon .
one of the jurors had a pencil that squeaked .
the first witness was the Hatter .
he came in with a teacup in one hand and a piece of bread-and-butter in the other .
the Hatter looked at the March Hare , who had followed him into the court , arm-in-arm with the Dormouse .
here the Queen put on her spectacles , and began staring at the Hatter , who turned pale and fidgeted .
and he got up very sulkily and crossed over to the other side of the court .
the miserable Hatter dropped his teacup and bread-and-butter , and went down on one knee .
here one of the guinea-pigs cheered , and was immediately suppressed by the officers of the court .
here the other guinea-pig cheered , and was suppressed .
the next witness was the Duchess 's cook .
turn that Dormouse out of court !
everybody looked at Alice .
the King turned pale , and shut his note-book hastily .
the White Rabbit put on his spectacles .
these were the verses the White Rabbit read :
the Knave shook his head sadly .
there was a dead silence .
nobody moved .
End of Project Gutenberg 's Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland , by Lewis Carroll
it was a warm , golden-cloudy , lovable afternoon .
Susan just then was perfectly happy ; everything had gone almost uncannily well in the kitchen that day .
Susan settled down keenly , reading each one over aloud to extract all possible gratification from it .
wherever Rilla Blythe was , there was laughter .
all cats are mysterious but Dr Jekyll-and-Mr .
Mrs Blythe would ask .
and then a domestic tragedy took place at Ingleside .
Jack Frost had kittens !
it would be vain to try to picture Susan 's triumph .
now they could see for themselves !
so they continually used the masculine pronoun , although the result was ludicrous .
the transformation always came suddenly .
he would spring fiercely from a reverie with a savage snarl and bite at any restraining or caressing hand .
his fur seemed to grow darker and his eyes gleamed with a diabolical light .
there was really an unearthly beauty about him .
certainly he prowled .
Dr Jekyll loved new milk ; Mr Hyde would not touch milk and growled over his meat .
Dr Jekyll came down the stairs so silently that no one could hear him .
Mr Hyde made his tread as heavy as a man 's .
once she had dared to throw a stick at him and he had promptly made a savage leap towards her .
people have almost forgotten what imps of mischief they were once .
she 's more like a chum than a step-mother .
they all love her and Una adores her .
as for that little Bruce , Una just makes a perfect slave of herself to him .
of course , he is a darling .
he 's just as dark and just as emphatic .
I can't see a feature of Rosemary in him .
Mrs Blythe smiled .
I think he 'd do well to stay out of college another year .
but then he 's so ambitious .
they 'll keep an eye on Walter and see that he doesn't study too hard .
Susan ignored this and Mrs Blythe laughed again .
if I took it seriously it would quite crush me .
but I don't it is too hard yet to realize that they 're grown up .
I have an ache in it when the wind is east .
I won't admit that it is rheumatism , but it does ache .
they are such a fun-loving little crowd .
Susan smiled at this pleasantry .
the truth is , Rilla is the only one of my flock who isn't ambitious .
I really wish she had a little more ambition .
they could not .
no , Mrs Dr dear , I know my place but I cannot allow you to run down Rilla .
Susan had found a chance to get square with Miss Cornelia for her digs at the children 's love affairs .
she read the item with gusto .
Susan looked keenly at Miss Cornelia .
this shot pierced Miss Cornelia 's armour .
her sonsy face flushed .
and she has an excellent influence over Rilla who worships her .
he is a young lawyer in Charlottetown .
I hope Gertrude will be happy .
her first youth is gone and she is practically alone in the world .
it is not he whom she distrusts it is fate .
she has a little mystic streak in her I suppose some people would call her superstitious .
she has an odd belief in dreams and we have not been able to laugh it out of her .
Susan had given an exclamation .
why that is my own cousin Sophia , Mrs Dr dear .
she is not a cheerful person and has been a wet blanket all her life .
she howled dreadful at her first husband 's funeral but she married again in less than a year .
I never take much interest in foreign parts .
it 's their normal condition and I don't really think that our papers ought to print such shocking things .
the Enterprise is getting far too sensational with its big headlines .
well , I must be getting home .
he 's merely turning into Mr Hyde which means that we shall have rain or high wind before morning .
outside , the Ingleside lawn was full of golden pools of sunshine and plots of alluring shadows .
yet she somehow escaped awkwardness .
there was something in her movements that made you think she never walked but always danced .
miss Oliver , who was going home that night for vacation , had boarded for a year at Ingleside .
Gertrude Oliver was twenty-eight and life had been a struggle for her .
even her occasional moods of gloom and cynicism had allurement for Rilla .
these moods came only when Miss Oliver was tired .
Walter and Rilla were her favourites and she was the confidante of the secret wishes and aspirations of both .
glossy black hair , brilliant dark grey eyes , faultless features .
that sonnet sequence was really a remarkable thing for a lad of twenty to write .
Miss Oliver was no partial critic and she knew that Walter Blythe had a wonderful gift .
Rilla loved Walter with all her heart .
he never teased her as Jem and Shirley did .
and I would never tell them to a single soul not even to you , Miss Oliver .
I tell him everything I even show him my diary .
and it hurts me dreadfully when he doesn't tell me things .
he shows me all his poems , though they are marvellous , Miss Oliver .
then , repenting , as she saw a hurt look in Rilla 's eye , she added hastily ,
I 'm glad I didn't know I couldn't have borne it .
he really belonged to Jem but was much attached to Walter also .
Monday was not a collie or a setter or a hound or a Newfoundland .
certainly , Monday 's looks were not his strong point .
his ears were in tatters , for Monday was never successful in affairs of honour .
but he possessed one talisman .
on this particular afternoon Rilla had no quarrel on hand with existing conditions .
a perfect thing is a gift of the gods a sort of compensation for what is coming afterwards .
it goes too quickly .
I 'll be fifteen in another month , and then nobody can say I 'm a child any longer .
I don't want to .
I never cared for all those ologies and isms Nan and Di are so crazy about .
surely that 's enough .
I can't be clever .
nobody expects me to do anything so I 'm never pestered to do it .
I hate sewing and dusting , and when Susan couldn't teach me to make biscuits nobody could .
it will polish up her B.A . degree .
luckily I like reading .
I can't be sober and serious everything looks so rosy and rainbowy to me .
Miss Oliver shivered a little .
she never greeted the days with Rilla 's enthusiasm .
she had lived long enough to know that a day may bring a terrible thing .
I think a war would be so exciting .
the Boer war was , they say , but I don't remember anything about it , of course .
miss Oliver , shall I wear my white dress tonight or my new green one ?
and will you do my hair the new way ?
he knew I would be heart-broken if I didn't go .
when I saw the sun shining this morning I wanted to whoop for joy .
it would be simply terrible if it rained tonight .
I think I 'll wear the green dress and risk it .
I want to look my nicest at my first party .
besides , it 's an inch longer than my white one .
and I 'll wear my silver slippers too .
Mrs Ford sent them to me last Christmas and I 've never had a chance to wear them yet .
they 're the dearest things .
oh , Miss Oliver , I do hope some of the boys will ask me to dance .
Una doesn't care , of course .
she has never hankered after dancing .
I expect to be bored .
none of those boys will bother dancing with an old maid like me .
Jem and Walter will take me out once out of charity .
I had a hateful time .
I was shabby and homely and nobody asked me to dance except one boy , homelier and shabbier than myself .
I had no real girlhood , Rilla .
it 's a sad loss .
the Glen was being swallowed up .
I don't like the dream .
there was some sinister significance in it .
there had been an undercurrent of tension in the Ingleside existence for several days .
only Rilla , absorbed in her own budding life , was unaware of it .
Dr Blythe had taken to looking grave and saying little over the daily paper .
Jem and Walter were keenly interested in the news it brought .
Jem sought Walter out in excitement that evening .
but I suppose Grey or some of those wary old chaps will patch matters up at the eleventh hour .
it 'll be a rotten shame if they leave France in the lurch , though .
if they don't , we 'll see some fun .
there was a little frown on his forehead .
this had all come up with the blackness and suddenness of a thundercloud .
a few days ago nobody had even thought of such a thing .
it was absurd to think of it now .
the mere thought of it was hideous , and made Walter unhappy in its threat to the beauty of life .
he would not think of it he would resolutely put it out of his mind .
the western sky was like a great golden pearl .
the world was steeped in maddening loveliness of sound and colour .
he would think only of these things and of the deep , subtle joy they gave him .
Rilla was leaning out of her room window , dressed for the dance .
a yellow pansy slipped from her hair and fell out over the sill like a falling star of gold .
Miss Oliver had woven a little wreath of them for her pet 's hair .
we 'll have a perfect night .
listen , Miss Oliver I can hear those old bells in Rainbow Valley quite clearly .
nobody ever played in Rainbow Valley now .
it was very silent on summer evenings .
Walter liked to go there to read .
she wore her green dress with its little pink daisy garlands , her silk stockings and silver slippers .
she had golden pansies in her hair and at her creamy throat .
Susan did not always welcome her rapturously for Cousin Sophia was not what could be called an exhilarating companion .
everything about her seemed long and thin and pale .
Cousin Sophia sighed .
such a lot of hair takes from a person 's strength .
ah , well , I never held with dancing .
of course she never danced again , poor creature .
she was a Kirke from Lowbridge .
I hope nothing like that 'll happen to you tonight .
do you ever try anything for the freckles ?
you look real nice , Rilla , and that way of fixing your hair is becoming .
we 'll all wear our old shoes to the harbour and carry our slippers .
we didn't wear the skimpy things girls wear nowadays .
but I hope nothing will happen to your dress .
but Rilla felt insulted .
Rilla felt all her pleasure in herself and her evening clouded and spoiled .
the very teeth of her soul were set on edge and she could have sat down and cried .
Rilla was not very fond of Mary Vance .
she had never forgotten the humiliating day when Mary had chased her through the village with a dried codfish .
Mary Vance , to tell the truth , was not exactly popular with any of her set .
still , they enjoyed her society she had such a biting tongue that it was stimulating .
most of the little crowd were paired off after a fashion .
Jem walked with Faith Meredith , of course , and Jerry Meredith with Nan Blythe .
Carl Meredith was walking with Miranda Pryor , more to torment Joe Milgrave than for any other reason .
so he trailed along after the procession and thought things not lawful to be uttered of Carl Meredith .
she had a secret , carefully-hidden fancy for Walter Blythe that nobody but Rilla ever suspected .
Rilla sympathized with it and wished Walter would return it .
but just now she was very happy .
meadows of sunset afterlight were behind the westerning hills .
before them was the shining harbour .
a bell was ringing in the little church over-harbour and the lingering dream-notes died around the dim , amethystine points .
it was her first party and she was going to have a splendid time .
it was beautiful and satisfying just to be alive to be fifteen to be pretty .
Rilla drew a long breath of rapture and caught it midway rather sharply .
Jem was telling some story to Faith something that had happened in the Balkan War .
some hero , wasn't he , Faith ?
Jem and Faith moved on out of hearing .
Gertrude Oliver suddenly shivered .
Rilla pressed her arm sympathetically .
such a story makes one ashamed of ever doubting human nature .
that man 's action was godlike .
and how humanity responds to the ideal of self-sacrifice .
as for my shiver , I don't know what caused it .
the evening is certainly warm enough .
perhaps someone is walking over the dark , starshiny spot that is to be my grave .
that is the explanation the old superstition would give .
well , I won't think of that on this lovely night .
we know the real charm of night here as town dwellers never do .
I love a wild night storm on this old gulf shore .
well , here we are at the House of Dreams .
it seems lonely this summer .
Kenneth did but he stayed with his mother 's people over-harbour .
we haven't seen a great deal of him this summer .
Rilla flushed .
he was ages older than she was .
they raced down the harbour and Joe 's boat won .
more boats were coming down from the Harbour Head and across the harbour from the western side .
the big white tower on Four Winds Point was overflowing with light , while its revolving beacon flashed overhead .
it was a delightful spot , roofed over with fir-boughs and hung with lanterns .
this was life enchanting life .
Rilla felt as if her feet and her soul both had wings .
she had so many partners that she had to split her dances .
Irene Howard fastened it up for her and gave her some over-sweet , condescending compliments .
Rilla felt flattered by Irene 's condescension .
but Rilla thought Irene quite wonderful and loved her for her patronage .
Irene was pretty and stylish ; she sang divinely and spent every winter in Charlottetown taking music lessons .
Rilla felt that Irene 's compliments crowned her evening .
a momentary break in the whirling throng gave her a glimpse of Kenneth Ford standing at the other side .
so he was here , after all .
would he see her ?
would he take any notice of her ?
of course , he wouldn't ask her to dance that couldn't be hoped for .
he thought her just a mere child .
she had cried about it upstairs afterwards and hated him .
he had also the reputation of being a bit of a lady-killer .
Rilla had lisped in early childhood ; but she had grown out of it .
the party was spoiled .
everything had turned to dust and ashes .
it would have been so nice if she had not made a fool of herself .
she dared not look up lest she should see laughter in his eyes .
he wanted to make her look up to catch again that little , demure , questioning glance .
she was the prettiest thing at the party , there was no doubt of that .
what was he saying ?
Rilla could hardly believe her ears .
she said it with such a fierce determination not to lisp that she fairly blurted the word out .
then she writhed in spirit again .
oh , why did dreadful things like this happen , just when a girl wanted to appear at her best ?
Kenneth drew her in among the dancers .
oh , why couldn't she think of something else to say ?
she knew he was sick of inquiries about his ankle .
and now she must go and ask this stale question again .
Kenneth was tired of inquiries about his ankle .
they danced together and Rilla knew every girl in sight envied her .
Kenneth talked to her as he had talked to Nan and Di .
but perhaps her dreamy eyes and her dented lip and her slender throat talked eloquently for her .
she would never forget it .
the room re-echoed to laughter and jest .
beautiful young eyes sparkled and shone .
from the pavilion outside came the lilt of the fiddle and the rhythmic steps of the dancers .
yet here he was and he carried a folded paper in his hand .
Gertrude Oliver looked at him from her corner and shivered again .
in the pleasure of his society she had forgotten some of her misgivings of the day .
now they suddenly returned to her .
what news did Jack Elliott bring ?
why didn't Jack Elliott speak if he had anything to tell ?
but somebody else had already asked him .
Outside the fiddler had stopped for a rest and there was silence there too .
she looked at Allan Daly and tried to smile .
few there realized the import of the message fewer still realized that it meant anything to them .
Gertrude and Allan Daly talked the news over in low , troubled tones .
Walter Blythe had turned pale and left the room .
outside he met Jem , hurrying up the rock steps .
the Piper has come .
I knew England wouldn't leave France in the lurch .
but Mary and Miller were both supremely happy on it .
Walter looked at her and had one of his odd visitations of prophecy .
you will weep tears of blood over it .
it will be years before the dance of death is over years , Mary .
she didn't know what Walter meant but she felt uncomfortable .
Walter Blythe was always saying odd things .
she didn't like it , and that was the long and short of it .
Harvey ran down the steps laughing .
she got up and dragged Miller off to the rock-shore .
the best of the evening was over for Rilla , too .
ever since Jack Elliott 's announcement , she had sensed that Kenneth was no longer thinking about her .
she felt suddenly lonely and unhappy .
it was worse than if he had never noticed her at all .
Rilla told herself pathetically that she felt years older than when she had left home that evening .
who knows ?
it does not do to laugh at the pangs of youth .
Rilla sighed and wished she were home , in bed , crying into her pillow .
of course it will matter to the lucky fellows who will be able to take a hand .
we are part of the British Empire .
it 's a family affair .
we 've got to stand by each other .
you see they 'll go by thousands .
and Jerry Meredith he 'll go !
Rilla was too startled to say anything .
Jem and Jerry !
why father and Mr Meredith wouldn't allow it .
they weren't through college .
oh , why hadn't Jack Elliott kept his horrid news to himself ?
Mark Warren came up and asked her to dance .
Rilla went , knowing Kenneth didn't care whether she went or stayed .
and now she was nobody .
women , thought Rilla miserably , just had to sit and cry at home .
but all this was foolishness .
she wouldn't worry she would enjoy herself .
there , he had bumped her into somebody !
she would never dance with him again !
Kenneth seemed to have gone at least nothing was to be seen of him .
her first party was spoiled , though it had seemed so beautiful at one time .
her head ached her toes burned .
it was cool and pleasant and they were tired .
Rilla sat silent , taking no part in the gay conversation .
she was glad when someone called down that the over-harbour boats were leaving .
a few couples still whirled about in the pavilion but the crowd had thinned out .
Rilla looked about her for the Glen group .
she could not see one of them .
she ran into the lighthouse .
and the rest went with Joe about fifteen minutes ago .
see they 're just going around Birch Point .
I didn't go because it 's getting rough and I knew I 'd be seasick .
I don't mind walking home from here .
then they concluded you must have gone in the other boat .
Rilla realized that there was nothing else to do .
her lips trembled and tears came into her eyes .
she blinked savagely she would not let Mary Vance see her crying .
but to be forgotten like this !
then she had a sudden dismayed recollection .
Mary shrugged her shoulders .
pride must suffer pain .
it 'll teach you to be more careful .
accordingly they hiked .
she took them and her dear silk stockings off and started barefoot .
her blistered heels smarted .
but physical pain was almost forgotten in the sting of humiliation .
this was a nice predicament !
if Kenneth Ford could see her now , limping along like a little girl with a stone bruise !
oh , what a horrid way for her lovely party to end !
it 's certainly been something of a party .
to be thus hectored and patronized by Mary Vance was unendurable !
and it was unendurable to walk on stony roads with blistered heels and bare feet !
you ought to be willing to take advice from older people .
I saw how you slipped over to the sands with Ken and stayed there ever so long with him .
Rilla gave up trying to hide the fact that she was crying .
she loathed Mary Vance .
so this was what your first party and your first beau and your first moonlit romance ended in !
Rilla ran down through the sunlit glory of the maple grove behind Ingleside , to her favourite nook in Rainbow Valley .
that evening , with its hopes and fears and triumphs and humiliations , seemed like ancient history now .
yes , that was it .
Rilla 's world had tumbled to pieces the very day after the party .
as they lingered around the dinner table at Ingleside , talking of the war , the telephone had rung .
it was a long-distance call from Charlottetown for Jem .
before he had said a word his mother and Nan and Di had turned pale .
she had not called him that for many years not since the day he had rebelled against it .
Dr Blythe had risen .
he was very pale , too , and his voice was husky .
but he did not hesitate .
Mrs Blythe covered her face .
Walter stared moodily at his plate .
Shirley tried to look unconcerned .
Jem turned to the phone again .
Di followed her .
Rilla turned to Walter for comfort but Walter was lost to her in some reverie she could not share .
does that blessed boy realize what he is saying ?
does he mean that he is going to enlist as a soldier ?
you do not mean to tell me that they want children like him !
it is an outrage .
it 's all come so suddenly .
the doctor and his wife went out of the room .
Jem had gone Walter had gone Shirley got up to go .
Rilla and Susan remained staring at each other across the deserted table .
then she saw that Susan was crying Susan , whom she had never seen shed a tear before .
she wiped away her tears , gulped resolutely and got up .
that has to be done , even if everybody has gone crazy .
Jem will go , most likely but the war will be over long before he gets anywhere near it .
Jem and Jerry went to Charlottetown that night and two days later they came back in khaki .
the Glen hummed with excitement over it .
life at Ingleside had suddenly become a tense , strained , thrilling thing .
Mrs Blythe and Nan were brave and smiling and wonderful .
already Mrs Blythe and Miss Cornelia were organizing a Red Cross .
the doctor and Mr Meredith were rounding up the men for a Patriotic Society .
Rilla , after the first shock , reacted to the romance of it all , in spite of her heartache .
Jem certainly looked magnificent in his uniform .
Rilla carried her head high among the girls whose brothers had not so responded .
if she were a boy of course she would go , too !
he seems so changed these days .
he hardly ever talks to me .
I suppose he wants to go , too , and feels badly because he can't .
he doesn't go about with Jem and Jerry at all .
I shall never forget Susan 's face when Jem came home in his khaki .
Jem laughed .
he never minds because Susan thinks him just a child still .
everybody seems busy but me .
I wish there was something I could do but there doesn't seem to be anything .
mother and Nan and Di are busy all the time and I just wander about like a lonely ghost .
mother 's eyes never laugh now .
there 's something behind it all that keeps hurting me especially when I wake up in the night .
it would make me feel as if it were really going to happen .
it made me feel rebellious .
why shouldn't things be the same again when everything is over and Jem and Jerry are back ?
we 'll all be happy and jolly again and these days will seem just like a bad dream .
but she never relents towards Doc .
Susan is funny , but she is an old dear .
but then Shirley is the only one of us she never scolds .
I think she and Jem are really engaged now .
it is bad enough when it is your brother .
Bruce Meredith cried all night , Mrs Meredith says , when he heard Jem and Jerry were going .
he is the dearest kiddy .
I just love him though I don't really care much for children .
well , I don't , and I 've got to be honest about it .
Gertrude Oliver says she just feels the same .
mother and Nan and Di all adore babies and seem to think I 'm unnatural because I don't .
he was here one evening after Jem came back but I happened to be away .
oh , I 'm so proud of him !
I think that is quite providential .
when he saw Rilla he turned abruptly away ; then as abruptly he turned and came back to her .
Walter sat down on a neighbouring stone and took Rilla 's little appealing hand .
that 's just the trouble .
Rilla , I 'm afraid to go .
Rilla , I 've always been afraid of pain you know that .
Rilla , I cannot face that thought .
she was sick with a new terror that Walter would go after all .
I 'd pass any examination I know it .
everybody thinks I 'm not strong yet and I 'm skulking behind that belief .
she 's breaking her heart over Jem .
I tell you I 'm afraid to go afraid .
I don't mince the matter to myself .
it 's a relief to own up even to you , Rilla .
I wouldn't confess it to anybody else Nan and Di would despise me .
war isn't a khaki uniform or a drill parade everything I 've read in old histories haunts me .
if I could face the other things I could never face that .
Walter writhed and shuddered .
but it maddens me to see them in the khaki .
Walter laughed bitterly .
but Rilla got her arms about him and cuddled her head on his shoulder .
she was so glad he didn't want to go for just one minute she had been horribly frightened .
and it was so nice to have Walter confiding his troubles to her to her , not Di .
she didn't feel so lonely and superfluous any longer .
why , Walter , hundreds of people feel just as you do .
I don't do that .
it isn't anything to be ashamed of .
well , it 's supper-time , Rilla .
you 'd better run .
let me stay here with you , Walter .
it 's such a comfort to talk things over with someone .
they comforted and strengthened each other .
she was of importance to somebody .
when they went back to Ingleside they found callers sitting on the veranda .
Cousin Sophia was there also , sitting with Susan in the shadowy background .
it was a very calm evening with a dim , golden afterlight irradiating the glen .
she felt happier than at any time in the dreadful week that had passed .
she was no longer haunted by the fear that Walter would go .
Norman always shouted when he was excited .
did I ever say there wasn't a hell ?
I could have told all those stupid Englishmen what was ahead of them .
you said he would never plunge the world in war .
who was right about the Kaiser , John ?
you or I ?
Susan spat out the words as if she wanted to convince herself more than anybody else .
glaring won't make soldiers out of timothy stalks .
don't you tell me one Britisher isn't a match for ten foreigners .
that precious relative of mine , Kitty Alec , holds forth to the same effect , I understand .
not before me , though somehow , folks don't indulge in that kind of conversation in my presence .
our race has marked every step of its painful ascent with blood .
and now torrents of it must flow again .
no , Mrs Crawford , I don't think the war has been sent as a punishment for sin .
Mr Meredith 's face quivered .
I can always tell when people mean what they say .
it 's a gift that was born in me .
I 'm always hoping I will that 's what reconciles me to going to church .
well , I 'm off over the road to see Ab .
she did not care if Ellen Douglas did hear her .
but the astonishing thing was Mr Meredith seemed really to like his brother-in-law .
Rilla wished they would talk of something besides war .
she had heard nothing else for a week and she was really a little tired of it .
but she supposed with a sigh that there would be three or four months of it yet .
SUSAN , RILLA , AND DOG MONDAY MAKE A RESOLUTION
Word had come from Red Cross headquarters that sheets and bandages would be required .
Nan and Di and Rilla were hard at work .
Mrs Blythe and Susan were upstairs in the boys ' room , engaged in a more personal task .
with dry , anguished eyes they were packing up Jem 's belongings .
he must leave for Valcartier the next morning .
Rilla was basting the hem of a sheet for the first time in her life .
Mrs Blythe did not smile at Rilla 's italics .
it was interesting and Rilla discovered a certain aptitude in herself for it that surprised her .
who would be president ?
the older girls would not like that .
no , somehow Irene was not quite as popular as she deserved to be .
no , Marjorie hadn't enough backbone .
she was too prone to agree with the last speaker .
Rilla picked out her stitches and reflected that she hated sewing .
running the Junior Reds would be much more interesting .
he was just a few months old .
Susan , I am determined that I will send my boy off tomorrow with a smile .
have you room there for this fruit-cake ?
everything seems to be changing all at once , does it not ?
even the old cat at the manse has passed away .
he must be at least fifteen years old .
I do not know what Monday will do when Jem is gone .
Jem Blythe and Jerry Meredith left next morning .
the Blythe family and the Meredith family were all smiling .
Dog Monday was there , too .
he kept close to Jem 's legs and watched every movement of his beloved master .
I bawled all night to think of Jem and Jerry going like this .
I think they 're plumb deranged .
for once in our lives Kitty Alec and I agree .
it 's a miracle that isn't likely to happen again .
Rilla knew Kenneth was there .
she had been acutely conscious of it from the moment he had sprung from Leo West 's buggy .
now he came up to her smiling .
what a crowd for the Glen to muster !
I 'm not looking at Jem and Jerry makes me too sick with envy .
the boys 'll go off with a good taste in their mouths .
she had lisped again .
another great moment of life spoiled !
well , it was her fate .
and anyhow , nothing mattered .
none of the Reeses were in khaki .
what was that horrid old Mrs Drew saying to mother , in that melancholy whine of hers ?
and mother oh , mother could always be depended on !
Mrs Drew did not understand but Rilla did .
she flung up her head .
her brother did not have to be urged to go .
Rilla found herself standing alone and listening to disconnected scraps of talk as people walked up and down past her .
in these ten minutes Rilla passed through a dizzying succession of anger , laughter , contempt , depression and inspiration .
oh , people were funny !
Kate Drew always was a minx .
Rilla felt as if she were in some fantastic nightmare .
were these the people who , three weeks ago , were talking of crops and prices and local gossip ?
they had gone .
Rilla came to herself with a gasp .
there was a sudden quiet .
the doctor and Mrs Blythe walked off together so did Nan and Faith so did John Meredith and Rosemary .
Walter and Una and Shirley and Di and Carl and Rilla went in a group .
nobody missed Dog Monday at first .
when they did Shirley went back for him .
he found Dog Monday curled up in one of the shipping-sheds near the station and tried to coax him home .
Dog Monday would not move .
he wagged his tail to show he had no hard feelings but no blandishments availed to budge him .
this was exactly what Dog Monday had done .
but that should not make any vital difference .
was it not the spirit that counted ?
yet Mrs Blythe was hard put to it not to laugh .
I shall grapple .
a WAR-BABY AND A SOUP TUREEN
the doctor shook his head .
never forget that .
but she started off gallantly on an errand fraught with amazing results .
the Andersons were desperately poor and it was not likely Mrs Anderson had anything to give .
so possibly Mrs Anderson might feel hurt if she were overlooked .
Rilla decided to call .
Rilla knew the woman by sight and reputation .
Rilla 's first impulse was to turn and flee .
but that would never do .
you 're the doctor 's miss , ain't ye ?
Rilla did not see any chair which was not cluttered with something .
she remained standing .
I haven't .
Rilla tiptoed gingerly over to the cradle and more gingerly still pulled down the dirty blanket .
she had never seen an uglier baby .
I ain't a-going to trouble myself with it , I can tell yez .
would yez believe it , she didn't relish the idee .
somehow the baby 's fate worried her .
it 's sickly .
Rilla drew the blanket down a little farther .
the critter is warm enough .
Rilla was silent , looking down at the crying baby .
if she had only come a little sooner !
she didn't know , but she must do something .
she made a sudden , desperate , impulsive resolution .
but this did not solve the pressing problem of the baby 's transportation .
Rilla looked helplessly round .
her eyes fell on an enormous blue soup tureen at the back of the dresser .
he brung that old tureen out from England with him said it 'd always been in the family .
then she put it in the soup tureen .
the mite had stopped crying and was blinking up at her .
it had big dark eyes in its ugly little face .
Rilla wrapped the tattered little quilt around the soup tureen .
Rilla thought she would never get to Ingleside .
in the soup tureen there was an uncanny silence .
suppose it were smothered !
Rilla carried the soup tureen to the kitchen , and set it on the table under Susan 's eyes .
Rilla poured out her story .
Rilla hadn't exactly expected this kind of question .
presently the doctor confronted Rilla .
Rilla was dismayed into being ungrammatical .
my advice and Susan 's is at your disposal .
if you cannot , then the baby must go back to Meg Conover .
Rilla sat looking blankly at the baby .
it was absurd to think she could take care of it .
but that poor little , frail , dead mother who had worried about it that dreadful old Meg Conover .
the baby began to cry again .
then Rilla lifted the baby out of the soup tureen and fed it .
she brought down the old basket of her own infancy from the attic and laid the now sleeping baby in it .
she put the soup tureen away in the pantry .
then she sat down to think things over .
I can't let that poor little thing go back to Mrs Conover .
under Susan 's supervision Rilla bathed the baby .
Rilla set her teeth and went ahead .
if it would only stop howling like that !
how could such a tiny morsel make such an enormous noise .
most new babies hate like poison to be washed .
you are real knacky for a beginner .
Rilla was oozing perspiration at every pore .
when the baby was dried and dressed and temporarily quieted with another bottle she was as limp as a rag .
a baby by day was dreadful enough ; a baby by night was unthinkable .
the baby , however , did not cry .
she was afraid to go to sleep for fear something would happen to the baby .
oh , was she dreaming ?
babies did have convulsions , didn't they ?
oh , why had she forgotten to ask Susan what she must do if the baby had convulsions ?
did he think she could continue to exist if she never got any sleep ?
she would look after this detestable little animal if it killed her .
she would get a book on baby hygiene and be beholden to nobody .
they would all see !
Shirley , Nan , and Di did not tease her as much as she had expected .
it would make things easier .
but I don't .
I was afraid I had burnt it but I don't believe I did .
I could have shaken the creature if it had been big enough to shake , but it wasn't .
it was the only time I ever had her to myself .
and she is sly and two-faced .
Una doesn't mind , of course .
she is just a perfect angel , while I am only angelic in spots and demonic in other spots .
she is too .
we had a battle royal over it .
I wonder if mother and Mrs Elliott have problems in the Senior Society too .
I never sulk .
I detest people who sulk .
all the family have tried and failed .
then Monday went on a hunger strike and howled like a Banshee night and day .
we had to let him out or he would have starved to death .
besides , one of us goes down nearly every day to take him something .
nobody has molested Monday since .
it is a really dreadful nose .
about @date@ there was an exodus from Ingleside and the manse .
Rilla was left alone at Ingleside and would have been very lonely if she had had time to be .
but but that poor young mother who hadn't wanted it to go to the asylum !
Rilla couldn't get that out of her thoughts .
Rilla had felt such a thrill of pride over this .
then the smile faded from the doctor 's face ; the Germans were twenty miles from Paris .
horrible tales were beginning to appear in the papers of deeds done in martyred Belgium .
life was very tense at Ingleside for the older people .
I am wearing a path right across Nan 's carpet .
but on the morrow and the next morrow came the news of the miracle of the Marne .
Rilla rushed madly home from the office waving the Enterprise with its big red headlines .
Susan ran out with trembling hands to hoist the flag .
Mrs Blythe cried and laughed and cried again .
the black clouds had rolled by .
why will you be so slippery ?
you are going to get as fat as a self-respecting child should be , for one thing .
DOC HAS A MISADVENTURE
Miss Oliver sighed and Mrs Blythe clasped her hands for a moment .
I shall make the same kind of pudding today I always make on Saturday .
I will remember that Kitchener is at the helm and Joffer is doing very well for a Frenchman .
I shall get that box of cake off to little Jem and finish that pair of socks today likewise .
a sock a day is my allowance .
do you know that Rick MacAllister has enlisted , Mrs Dr dear ?
that 's a good piece of work .
eventually Rilla decided to call the baby James , and Susan opined that Kitchener should be added thereto .
so James Kitchener Anderson became the possessor of a name somewhat more imposing than himself .
for one awful moment I thought my mind had given way and that I was seeing visions .
but you see what has happened and it is making a woman of her .
Susan added another proof to this concluding dictum of hers one day in October .
the doctor and his wife were away .
Susan was seated on the back veranda , shelling beans , and Cousin Sophia was helping her .
peace and tranquility brooded over the Glen ; the sky was fleeced over with silvery , shining clouds .
Rainbow Valley lay in a soft , autumnal haze of fairy purple .
Susan and Cousin Sophia stared at each other in dismay .
Rilla came flying out of the side door of the living-room .
I will open the door and peep in .
there goes some more of the crockery .
Undismayed by this , Susan opened the door and looked in .
the sight was so funny that Rilla doubled up with laughter .
Susan looked at her reproachfully .
that is no small calamity , in my opinion .
anything like Doc 's shrieks while the process was going on was never heard at Ingleside .
Doc was a wrathful and indignant cat when he was freed .
evidently he thought the whole thing was a put-up job to bring him low .
Susan swept up her broken dishes grimly .
THE TROUBLES OF RILLA
October passed out and the dreary days of November and December dragged by .
well , I must bestir myself this afternoon and get little Jem 's Christmas cake packed up for him .
his unhappiness made her unhappy .
she hated everybody who was responsible for Walter 's unhappiness .
Walter wrote that some one had sent him an envelope containing a white feather .
the boys of my year are going going .
every day two or three of them join up .
how could I face the reality ?
there are times when I wish I had never been born .
Una is really a little brick , isn't she ?
there 's a wonderful fineness and firmness under all that shy , wistful girlishness of her .
well , I can't go .
Walter had once written a poem describing them .
the wind was sighing and rustling among the frosted brown bracken ferns , then lessening sorrowfully away down the brook .
Walter had said once that he loved the melancholy of the autumn wind on a November day .
Well Rilla scrambled to her feet time was up .
she was busy these days from morning till night .
that little monkey of a Jims took so much time .
but he was growing he was certainly growing .
sometimes she felt quite proud of him ; and sometimes she yearned to spank him .
but she never kissed him or wanted to kiss him .
had I heard it mentioned I would have known nothing about it and cared as little .
I woke up in the night and worried over it .
it says here that the slaughter was terrible .
Rilla was upstairs relieving her over-charged feelings by writing in her diary .
and I found the dearest hat it was simply bewitching .
it was a velvet hat , of the very shade of rich green that was made for me .
the price was dreadful .
when mother saw the hat and the tag she just looked at me .
mother is some expert at looking .
your allowance is based on the principle of a reasonable amount for each thing you need .
but if you think you did right , Rilla , I have no more to say .
I was so uncomfortable that I flew into a temper a cold , calm , deadly temper .
I saw her cast a look at my new knitting-bag .
all the girls have always said Irene was jealous-minded and I would never believe them before .
but now I feel that perhaps she is .
now , Irene knows perfectly well that I don't like to have Jims kissed like that .
it is not hygienic .
now , Morgan says bouncing is almost the worst thing that can be done to a baby .
I never allow Jims to be bounced .
but Irene bounced him and that exasperating child liked it .
he smiled for the very first time .
he is four months old and he has never smiled once before .
and here he was smiling because Irene Howard bounced him !
talk of gratitude !
two of the dearest dimples came out in his cheeks and his big brown eyes seemed full of laughter .
you would have supposed she thought she had really brought them into existence .
Morgan says so .
but I corked up my feelings and sewed away for dear life on a Belgian child 's nightgown .
she simply did it to hurt me .
but it just seemed to say itself .
but I feel unhappy over it for all that .
we thought perhaps Monday would come home when the cold weather came but he wouldn't .
no earthly influence can coax Monday away from that shed even for a few minutes .
there he stays and meets every train .
so we had to do something to make him comfortable .
it was published in the Enterprise and copied all over Canada .
Irene had a cold yesterday and I know she gave it to him , kissing him .
oh , shall I ever forget those first two months !
I don't know how I lived through them .
with the first three I got Susan to set the heel for me .
then I thought that was a bit of shirking , so I learned to do it myself .
but all were not there for the first time one was missing from the circle round the Christmas table .
they tried to think so , but a shadow stalked in the background of their determined merrymaking .
Walter , too , was quiet and dull , all through the holidays .
Rilla had caught it from him and thrown it into the fire .
the whole college is aflame over the war .
sound as a bell .
there , don't cry , Rilla .
I 'm not going if that 's what you 're afraid of .
the holidays were an unhappy time for her .
still , having Nan and Di and Walter and Shirley home helped in the enduring of things .
I 'll be fit to join up in a couple of months more , Rilla-my-Rilla .
it will be some feeling to get into khaki all right .
it 's been rotten lately , since I 've been able to walk without limping .
she was in a rather blue and cynical mood and inclined to look on the dark side .
that does not worry me .
what does worry me is the trouble and expense of it all .
but Providence settled them .
do not ever forget that .
just hold on to that when you feel inclined to doubt .
my cousin Sophia is , like you , somewhat inclined to despond .
I am like old Mr William Pollock of the Harbour Head .
I see by this paper that the Crown Prince is killed again .
do you suppose there is any hope of his staying dead this time ?
and I also see that Woodrow Wilson is going to write another note .
in January Jims was five months old and Rilla celebrated the anniversary by shortening him .
there was no longer any doubt in anybody 's mind that Jims was getting positively pretty .
he had even begun to grow hair , much to Rilla 's unspoken relief .
there was a pale golden fuzz all over his head that was distinctly visible in some lights .
he was a good infant , generally sleeping and digesting as Morgan decreed .
occasionally he smiled but he had never laughed , in spite of all efforts to make him .
Jims was five months and had no notion of laughing .
why hadn't he ?
wasn't he normal ?
then she began to worry over her refusal .
was it cowardly ?
what would Jem think if he knew ?
after two days of worry Rilla phoned to the president of the Patriotic Society that she would recite .
she did , and lisped several times , and lay awake most of the night in an agony of wounded vanity .
she had been at Lowbridge and over-harbour since then and had become resigned to an occasional lisp .
nobody except herself seemed to mind it .
and she was so earnest and appealing and shining-eyed !
she was just getting warm and drowsy when Jims suddenly began to cry and kept on crying .
Rilla curled herself up in her bed and determined she would let him cry .
she had Morgan behind her for justification .
he could cry until he got good and tired and ready to go to sleep again .
then Rilla 's imagination began to torment her .
wouldn't I cry , too ?
Rilla hopped out .
she picked Jims out of his basket and took him into her own bed .
his hands were cold , poor mite .
but he had promptly ceased to cry .
then she knew she wanted to kiss him and she did .
something delightful and yearning and brooding seemed to have taken possession of her .
she had never felt like this before .
when I snuggle down in my comfortable bed I am ashamed of being comfortable .
he has cried himself to sleep for a week , over the starving Belgians .
and she cannot say it because it would not be true , and she is at her wits ' end .
Jack Crawford says he is going to the war because he is tired of farming .
I hope he will find it a pleasant change .
now that he has enlisted she wishes she had never said a word to him .
you know Josiah Cooper and William Daley , Mrs Dr dear .
they used to be fast friends but they quarrelled twenty years ago and have never spoken since .
William was real glad and held out his hand , and they sat down for a good talk .
Whiskers-on-the-moon vows he is no pro-German but calls himself a pacifist , whatever that may be .
it is nothing proper or Whiskers would not be it and that you may tie to .
they say he was seen going through strange manoeuvres with a lantern in his back yard one night lately .
now I shall just look over the papers a minute before going to write a letter to little Jem .
two things I never did , Mrs Dr dear , were write letters and read politics .
yet here I am doing both regular and I find there is something in politics after all .
and you cannot refer to them in a refined way .
but it might be worse .
we 're in an absolutely different world .
I thought it was fun .
well , it isn't !
mangled , desecrated things !
fancy the faithful little beggar waiting there for me like that !
IN THE DAYS OF LANGEMARCK
but they are !
but I can't feel pride or exultation or anything but a gnawing anxiety over Jem and Jerry and Mr Grant .
but it never gets any easier .
her eyes haunt me .
sometimes I ask myself if that evening at Four Winds was all a dream .
I suppose he thought Jem would be there , too .
and Monday said he did !
it seems to me that every day of my life Walter means more to me .
I chanced to be looking at mother when Susan spoke .
her face changed and she gave a queer little choked cry .
and yet there are people who send him cruel letters !
we have been practising for a month and having no end of trouble and bother with cranky people .
I am not blaming Miranda exactly , but I do think she might have a little more spunk sometimes .
if I were in Miranda 's shoes I 'd find some way of managing Whiskers-on-the-moon .
but Miranda is a meek and obedient daughter whose days should be long in the land .
Olive Kirk is on the concert committee and goes against me in every single thing .
but I got my way in asking Mrs Channing to come out from town and sing for us , anyhow .
and Minnie is the only good alto we have !
Just at present I am racked with worry for fear the Isaac Reeses are taking whooping-cough .
he trots about on all fours and carries things in his mouth like a little dog .
he is so cute , it will be a shame if his dad never sees him .
his hair is coming on nicely too , and I am not without hope that it will be curly .
now it all rushes back , worse than ever .
oh , if we could just know that Jem is all right !
I used to be so furious with Jem when he called me Spider .
Rilla put away her diary and went out to the garden .
the spring evening was very lovely .
the harbour was radiant , purple here , azure there , opal elsewhere .
the maple grove was beginning to be misty green .
Rilla looked about her with wistful eyes .
who said that spring was the joy of the year ?
it was the heart-break of the year .
would life ever be free from dread again ?
yes , the fairies still abide here .
Rilla was momentarily happy .
this sounded like the Walter of yore .
she hoped he was forgetting certain things that had troubled him .
Susan considered him unsympathetic .
he turned and went back to the house .
Susan shook her head .
she disapproved entirely of such ejaculations .
Rilla was standing among the budding daffodils with tear-filled eyes .
had he died in torture ?
then a letter came from Jem .
he was all right .
don't know how I or any of us did it .
you 'll have seen all about it in the papers I can't write of it .
he was all right in a few days .
Nan had a letter from Jerry Meredith .
I was all alone and afraid terribly afraid .
dead men were all around me , lying on the horrible grey , slimy fields .
and I didn't care .
honestly , I didn't care .
I 'm going back to the trenches tomorrow .
was all the child 's girlhood to be so clouded ?
a SLICE OF HUMBLE PIE
Whiskers-on-the-moon came off the train from Charlottetown and he was looking pleased .
Norman Douglas is fairly foaming at the mouth over it all .
Bruce Meredith is worrying over the babies who were drowned .
that child 's brain is a hundred years older than his body , Mrs Dr dear .
but Woodrow Wilson is going to write a note about it , so why worry ?
President Wilson was rapidly becoming anathema in Susan 's kitchen .
this thing must be fought to a finish .
if every ship in the world was submarined and every baby drowned , Kitty wouldn't turn a hair .
they did see .
and Mary was so proud of him that her white eyes fairly blazed .
Walter Blythe did not sigh .
but Rilla , scanning his face anxiously , saw a look that cut into her heart .
the Reese cold had not developed into whooping-cough , so that tangle was straightened out .
the members of the concert committee looked at each other in blank dismay .
what was to be done ?
its coldness and pallor did not daunt Olive .
that was why she never came to our meetings again but joined in with the Lowbridge Red Cross .
Rilla went home and shut herself up in her room , her soul in a turmoil .
she would not humiliate herself by apologizing to Irene Howard !
Rilla could never bring herself to tell her side of it .
the fact that a slur at Walter was mixed up in it tied her tongue .
and yet the concert over which she had worked so hard was going to be a failure .
Mrs Channing 's four solos were the feature of the whole programme .
Rilla 's presentiment proved correct .
Rilla did her hair very becomingly and donned a long raincoat for fear of a shower .
after all , disdainful silence would have been much more effective in meeting the slur upon Walter .
Rilla threw off her rain-coat and looked at herself critically in the mirror over the mantel .
Rilla remembered how clever and amusing she used to think Irene 's biting little comments about other girls .
well , it had come home to her now .
on one of Rilla 's feet was a smart little steel-buckled shoe and a filmy blue silk stocking .
the other was clad in a stout and rather shabby boot and black lisle !
she had changed , or begun to change her boots and stockings after she had put on her dress .
this was the result of doing one thing with your hands and another with your brain .
and once she had thought Irene 's manner perfection !
everything that Rilla had prepared to say vanished from her memory .
vainly trying to tuck her unlucky foot under her chair , she blurted out a blunt statement .
oh , she had been prepared for humiliation but not to this extent !
really , there were limits !
Rilla gathered herself together .
that is all I can say .
I cried for weeks over it .
Rilla choked back a retort .
after all , there was no use in arguing with Irene , and the Belgians were starving .
oh , if only Irene would stop looking at that boot !
Rilla could just hear her giving Olive Kirk an account of it .
Rilla concluded that she had humiliated herself enough .
there was such a thing as self-respect .
no more coaxing , concert or no concert .
she got up , boot and all .
now this did not suit Irene at all .
besides , she really wanted to be friends with Rilla again .
Rilla 's whole-hearted , ungrudging adoration had been very sweet incense to her .
she stopped looking at Rilla 's feet .
I really want to help you , if I can manage it .
Rilla did not waste time or breath defending Miss Oliver .
but she knew now that she and Irene could never be the friends they had been .
now it was suddenly gone .
Irene was not as Mrs Elliott would say , of the race that knew Joseph .
but it was the truth .
Rilla Blythe 's nature in that year had changed and matured and deepened .
Irene had lost for ever her faithful worshipper .
THE VALLEY OF DECISION
Susan kept the flag flying at Ingleside all the next day , in honour of Italy 's declaration of war .
however , she will give that old reprobate of a Francis Joseph something to think about .
Rilla was wildly busy all day , helping to decorate the Glen hall and seeing to a hundred last things .
Rilla , rushing home from the hall , dressed hurriedly .
she had shown them !
she thought she was looking very well .
should she wear crab-apple blossoms in it , or her little fillet of pearls ?
after some agonised wavering she decided on the crab-apple blossoms and tucked the white waxen cluster behind her left ear .
yes , both slippers were on .
her concert was going to be a brilliant success .
she was alone , the rest of the performers being in the larger room on the other side .
Rilla stood perfectly still .
she felt no emotion whatever she felt nothing .
the world of feeling had just gone blank .
I always said Walter had as much pluck as anybody .
oh , there 's an end of Rick MacAllister 's reading .
I must fly .
Rilla was alone again , staring out at the unchanged , dream-like beauty of moonlit Four Winds .
she could not go out there and play for drills and give readings and take part in dialogues now .
why couldn't she cry , as she had cried when Jem told them he must go ?
but no tears came !
where were her scarf and coat ?
she must get away and hide herself like an animal hurt to the death .
was it a coward 's part to run away like this ?
the question came to her suddenly as if someone else had asked it .
but this this was unbearable .
still , she stopped half-way to the door and went back to the window .
Rilla knew that the girls ' Fairy Drill came next .
could she go out there and play for it ?
her head was aching now her throat was burning .
Irene had been very cruel .
she had been too busy to wonder what it meant .
what spirit and endurance mother had !
the rest of the evening always seemed like a fevered dream to her .
her body was crowded by people but her soul was alone in a torture-chamber of its own .
yet she played steadily for the drills and gave her readings without faltering .
between her numbers she walked restlessly up and down the little dressing-room .
would the concert never end !
it ended at last .
Olive Kirk rushed up and told her exultantly that they had made a hundred dollars .
he put his arm through hers silently and they went together down the moonlit road .
the frogs were singing in the marshes , the dim , ensilvered fields of home lay all around them .
the spring night was lovely and appealing .
Rilla felt that its beauty was an insult to her pain .
she would hate moonlight for ever .
I knew when you came out for the drill that you had heard .
little sister , I had to do it .
I couldn't live any longer on such terms with myself as I have been since the Lusitania was sunk .
it will shrink to something small and mean and lifeless if I don't go .
one can pay too high a price for mere life , little sister .
I 'm going to fight for the beauty of life , Rilla-my-Rilla that is my duty .
there may be a higher duty , perhaps but that is mine .
I owe life and Canada that , and I 've got to pay it .
Rilla , tonight for the first time since Jem left I 've got back my self-respect .
tonight I 'm full of it .
she must know the worst at once .
the eyes of youth did not see how she was to go on living .
we must make it impossible for such things to happen again while the world lasts .
and she had known all along that it would come sooner or later .
Rilla did not sleep that night .
perhaps no one at Ingleside did except Jims .
the body grows slowly and steadily , but the soul grows by leaps and bounds .
it may come to its full stature in an hour .
when the bitter dawn came she rose and went to her window .
below her was a big apple-tree , a great swelling cone of rosy blossom .
Walter had planted it years ago when he was a little boy .
beyond Rainbow Valley there was a cloudy shore of morning with little ripples of sunrise breaking over it .
the far , cold beauty of a lingering star shone above it .
Rilla felt arms go about her lovingly , protectingly .
it was mother pale , large-eyed mother .
we must give him up .
we will all be down presently .
the doctor told me last night .
we must submit and endeavour to look on the bright side .
the Huns , Dr dear , will never be brought to book by notes .
UNTIL THE DAY BREAK
but you cannot cheer Cousin Sophia up , no matter how sarcastic you are , Mrs Dr dear .
nobody else liked it either ; but all summer the Russian retreat went on a long-drawn-out agony .
Nan , Di and Faith had gone also to do Red Cross work in their vacation .
I want to tell you before I go .
Rilla dared not try to speak .
she slipped her hand into Walter 's and pressed it hard .
nobody whom this war has touched will ever be happy again in quite the same way .
we were very happy before the war , weren't we ?
with a home like Ingleside , and a father and mother like ours we couldn't help being happy .
it can never take away the happiness we win for ourselves in the way of duty .
I 've realised that since I went into khaki .
Rilla , be awfully good to mother while I 'm away .
Rilla glanced up at the Manse on the hill .
she could see a light in Una Meredith 's window .
she felt tempted to say something then she knew she must not .
this spot had always been so dear to him .
what fun they all had had here lang syne .
Walter came back with a long breath .
they went back to Ingleside .
they did not talk about the war at all and they thought of nothing else .
there was no crowd at the Glen Station the next morning to see Walter off .
Miller swore he wouldn't , but you never can tell about those fascinating foreign hussies .
but at least no one cried .
Susan heard him and her face turned very grey .
Una shook hands quietly , looking at him with wistful , sorrowful , dark-blue eyes .
but then Una 's eyes had always been wistful .
Walter turned to Rilla ; she held his hands and looked up at him .
but at the last moment he took her face between his hands and looked deep into her gallant eyes .
after all it was not a hard thing to fight for a land that bore daughters like this .
he stood on the rear platform and waved to them as the train pulled out .
in the evening she went to a Junior Red Cross committee meeting and was severely businesslike .
but some people really have no depth of feeling .
even this news about Warsaw has taken the edge off my afternoon 's plans .
misfortunes never come singly .
Jims was evidently trying to swallow his spoon , germs and all .
nobody noticed Rilla 's flushed face and trembling hands .
even the most thoughtful and watchful of parents do not see everything that goes on under their very noses .
had he forgotten her completely ?
if he did not come she would know that he had .
perhaps there was even some other girl back there in Toronto .
she was a little fool to be thinking about him at all .
she would not think about him .
it did not matter very much .
nobody was going to fret .
Rilla , as far as the care and feeding of infants was concerned , was utterly demoralized .
then the telephone-bell rang .
there was nothing unusual about the telephone ringing .
it rang on an average every ten minutes at Ingleside .
Jims , his patience exhausted , lifted up his voice and wept .
oh , why couldn't Jims stop howling for just one little minute ?
why didn't somebody come in and choke him ?
oh , didn't she know !
wouldn't she know that voice anywhere at any time ?
I 'm here for a look-in .
I can't make my meaning clearer over this bally rural line .
did she understand !
yes , she understood .
but she did not wring that injured infant 's neck .
Ken wanted to see her to see her alone .
that could be easily managed .
mother couldn't object to that , surely .
he did occasionally .
the evening came at last and was all that could be desired in an evening .
then she tucked a cluster of pale pink baby roses at her belt .
would Ken ask her for a rose for a keepsake ?
Rilla 's dream castle flashed into the landscape again .
when Jims started in crying like that he made a thorough job of it .
Rilla knew that there was no use to sit still and pretend to ignore him .
he was not likely acquainted with Morgan 's invaluable volume .
she got up .
he sometimes has one and he is always badly frightened by it .
Rilla flew upstairs , wishing quite frankly that soup tureens had never been invented .
after all , the poor darling was frightened .
she picked him up gently and rocked him soothingly until his sobs ceased and his eyes closed .
then she essayed to lay him down in his crib .
Jims opened his eyes and shrieked a protest .
this performance was repeated twice .
Rilla grew desperate .
with a resigned air she marched downstairs , carrying Jims , and sat down on the veranda .
Jims was supremely happy .
he kicked his little pink-soled feet rapturously out under his white nighty and gave one of his rare laughs .
it was the very first time he had spoken a word or tried to speak .
Rilla was so delighted that she forgot her grudge against him .
she forgave him with a hug and kiss .
he carried that picture of her in his heart to the horror of the battlefields of France .
she felt too absurd to try to talk .
evidently Ken was completely disgusted , too , since he was sitting there in such stony silence .
really , Susan might have more tact .
Susan laid her parcels on the reed table , as one determined to do her duty .
she was a whole month past sixteen .
so I picked you up and laid you across my knee and lambasted you well .
Rilla was writhing .
hadn't Susan any realization that she was addressing an officer of the Canadian Army ?
I had a big puncheon of rainwater by the spout which I was reserving for making soap .
and you and Walter began quarrelling over the kitten .
you leaned across that puncheon and grabbed the kitten and pulled .
you were always a great hand for taking what you wanted without too much ceremony .
if I had not been on the spot you would both have been drowned .
his voice sounded queer and stiff .
Rilla supposed he was hopelessly enraged .
but her father did spank her once .
Rilla wondered viciously whether Susan meant to relate all the family spankings .
but Susan had finished with the subject and branched off to another cheerful one .
it was a very sad affair .
your great grandmother West was a MacAllister .
her brother Amos was a MacDonaldite in religion .
I am told he used to take the jerks something fearful .
but you look more like your great grandfather West than the MacAllisters .
what terrible similes Susan used !
would Kenneth think she acquired them from the family !
Rilla went cold all over with wrath and shame .
were there any more disgraceful scenes in her past that Susan could rake up ?
perhaps it is because Woodrow Wilson has been writing so many notes .
Rilla sat limply in her chair like one hypnotized .
it was ten o'clock .
Kenneth got up at last .
Rilla got up , too , and walked silently the length of the veranda with him .
Rilla flushed and looked at Susan .
ken looked , too , and saw that Susan 's back was turned .
he put his arm about Rilla and kissed her .
it was the first time Rilla had ever been kissed .
she thought perhaps she ought to resent it but she didn't .
instead , she glanced timidly into Kenneth 's seeking eyes and her glance was a kiss .
Susan was turning round .
Ken loosened his hold and stepped to the walk .
Rilla heard herself saying it just as casually .
she stood and watched him down the walk , out of the gate , and down the road .
she had heard her mother say that she loved turns in roads they were so provocative and alluring .
Rilla thought she hated them .
Brothers and playmate and sweetheart they were all gone , never , it might be , to return .
yet still the Piper piped and the dance of death went on .
it was a very romantic affair and she and your mother were such chums .
to think I should have lived to see her son going to the front .
as if she had not had enough trouble in her early life without this coming upon her !
all Rilla 's anger against Susan had evaporated .
she put her slim white hand into Susan 's brown , work-hardened one and gave it a squeeze .
Susan was a faithful old dear and would lay down her life for any one of them .
I am glad I came home in time to help you out .
THE WEEKS WEAR BY
Kenneth was not the son of a famous novelist for nothing .
our boys will be home by Christmas now .
do not let yourself slump like poor Cousin Sophia .
and for the time being I squelched her , Mrs Dr dear .
Cousin Sophia has no spirit .
she is very different from her niece , Mrs Dean Crawford over-harbour .
you know the Dean Crawfords had five boys and now the new baby is another boy .
there is spirit for you , Mrs Dr dear .
to think that I should have lived to care what kind of a wife Constantine of Greece had !
I see the Allies have sent him an ultimatum .
I could tell them that it will take more than ultimatums to skin a snake like Constantine .
and I can testify to that out of my own experience , doctor dear .
on a pale-yellow , windy evening in October Carl Meredith went away .
he had enlisted on his eighteenth birthday .
now he realised it again once more .
would he ever again see his dead wife 's eyes looking at him from his son 's face ?
what a bonny , clean , handsome lad he was !
it was hard to see him go .
yet John Meredith had said no word to dissuade him when Carl had told him he must go .
Rilla felt Carl 's going keenly .
they had always been cronies and playmates .
he was only a little older than she was and they had been children in Rainbow Valley together .
they did not like the idea at all , hence the mutual vow in Rainbow Valley .
there was nothing like an ounce of prevention .
Rilla laughed over the old memory and then sighed .
she meant it now .
there were moments when waiting at home , in safety and comfort , seemed an unendurable thing .
what did it see on the Western front ?
In broken Serbia ?
no , don't look reproachfully at me , Mrs Blythe .
there 's nothing heroic about me today .
I 've slumped .
the war was certainly relaxing the standards of behaviour woefully .
Lord Kitchener went to Greece , whereat Susan foretold that Constantine would soon experience a change of heart .
the gallant Anzacs withdrew from Gallipoli and Susan approved the step , with reservations .
the siege of Kut-El-Amara began and Susan pored over maps of Mesopotamia and abused the Turks .
Henry Ford started for Europe and Susan flayed him with sarcasm .
when Christmas came again Susan did not set any vacant places at the festive board .
I had letters from Ken and him today .
he has had croup twice since October .
that child is a cross between a duck and an imp .
nobody has ever heard a word from Jim Anderson .
everybody here worships and spoils him or would spoil him if Morgan and I didn't stand remorselessly in the way .
Doc turned into Mr Hyde on his way down and landed in a currant bush , spitting and swearing .
her new silk dress was ruined and nobody could blame her for being vexed .
but I kept the lid on till she had waddled away and then I exploded .
it 's a little hard to remember all the heroines .
I hung on to my blue straw sailor as long as I could .
it is so elaborate and conspicuous .
I don't see how I could ever have liked it .
but I vowed to wear it and wear it I will .
we never try to coax him home now : we know it is of no use .
and yet I don't like to behave coldly and distantly when he will be going away so soon .
Susan is teaching me .
I never seemed to succeed with anything and I got discouraged .
anyhow , I can make dandy short-bread and fruitcake .
I got ambitious last week and attempted cream puffs , but made an awful failure of them .
they came out of the oven flat as flukes .
I thought maybe the cream would fill them up again and make them plump but it didn't .
I think Susan was secretly pleased .
Susan positively turned pea-green .
she is desperately unhappy .
she is engaged to Joe Milgrave and Joe joined up in October and has been training in Charlottetown ever since .
but Miranda shook her silvery head dolefully .
but Miranda said that couldn't be managed .
they were all in the big Ingleside kitchen .
Susan was mixing biscuits for supper .
Cousin Sophia was also there , knitting .
into this peaceful scene erupted the doctor , wrathful and excited over the burning of the Parliament Buildings in Ottawa .
and Susan became automatically quite as wrathful and excited .
and Uncle Mark MacAllister 's barn was burnt last week .
Susan nodded slowly and portentously .
the fire broke out half an hour after he was gone .
they have died of starvation and exposure , the poor little creatures .
there is murdering for you , Cousin Sophia Crawford .
his letter , telling his folks about it , came when his old Grandmother Carson was on her dying-bed .
that was Almira Carson all over .
Fred was the apple of her eye .
Mrs Blythe laughed a trifle ruefully .
they never tell you that when you are young .
but I shall not worry over my silver thread .
I never liked red hair .
I fondly expected it would turn my hair black and it turned it green .
life has been cut in two by the chasm of war .
one feels as if one was reading something as ancient as the Iliad .
I can't begin to tell you how unhappy I am .
Rilla sat down on the lounge beside her .
Sir Wilfrid squatted on his haunches before them , with his impertinent pink tongue stuck out , and listened .
he implored me in his letter to run away and be married .
father has to go to Charlottetown on business .
at least we will have one good farewell talk .
Miranda swallowed a sob in such amazement that she almost choked .
Rilla shut her little white teeth together with a snap .
listen to this .
did you get that ?
and will you do it ?
it is very important , or I would not trouble her .
Susan stared .
was she now , with equal suddenness , going to produce a husband ?
and we must make other things too .
I 'll help you in the morning .
Susan felt that she was really too old to be subjected to such shocks .
Miranda Pryor is going to marry Joe Milgrave tomorrow afternoon while her father is away in town .
the excitement soon spread over Ingleside , infecting even Mrs Blythe and Susan .
if you will I can have that cake ready for the oven by the evening .
tomorrow morning we can make salads and other things .
Miranda arrived , tearful and breathless .
to work went the two girls , ripping , fitting , basting , sewing for dear life .
some good fairy evidently waits on the wishes of war-brides .
the veil was tried on and draped .
Susan dropped in to approve but dared not linger .
the evening news is that the Grand Duke has captured Erzerum .
that is a pill for the Turks .
Susan disappeared downstairs to the kitchen , whence a dreadful thud and a piercing shriek presently sounded .
Susan picked herself up .
do not be alarmed .
everybody shrieked with laughter .
the doctor was quite helpless .
but the cake was not heavy .
it was all a bride 's cake should be , and Susan iced it beautifully .
it should have been a romantic wedding but it was not .
there were too many factors working against romance , as even Rilla had to admit .
in the fourth place , Sir Wilfrid Laurier took a fit .
Sir Wilfrid was entrenched in a corner of the room behind Miranda 's piano .
during his seizure he made the weirdest , most unearthly noises .
Miranda had been trembling with nervousness but as soon as Sir Wilfrid began his performance she forgot it .
she never remembered a word of the ceremony .
everybody had brought something .
Mrs Dead Angus eventually took it home with her again .
Whiskers-on-the-moon 's pacifist pig should not get it , anyhow .
the dawn was white as a pearl , clear as a diamond .
behind the station the balsamy copse of young firs was frost-misted .
Joe took his pale little bride in his arms and she lifted her face to his .
Rilla choked suddenly .
it did not matter that Miranda was insignificant and commonplace and flat-featured .
it did not matter that she was the daughter of Whiskers-on-the-moon .
is it a pose ?
when the train had gone Rilla rejoined the little trembling Miranda .
nobody knew yet how Mr Pryor had taken the matter .
come on , Wilfy .
there was nothing very dreadful to face , however .
I could see its shadow racing before it and when it enveloped me I shivered with icy cold .
then I awakened .
I am sure of it .
Susan 's deeds were in her spotless kitchen at Ingleside , but her thoughts were on the hills around Verdun .
Susan could have drawn a map of the country around Verdun that would have satisfied a chief of staff .
it seemed to me like Biblical times when people dreamed things like that quite frequently .
but in any case we need not worry over Verdun , even if the Huns get it .
if Germany wins there she will win the war .
France is certainly very wonderful .
I think our whole world realizes this and that is why we all await the issue so breathlessly .
is the agony in which the world is shuddering the birth-pang of some wondrous new era ?
we are neither , therefore there are things too little as well as too great for us to apprehend .
that is not the way God works .
in May Walter wrote home that he had been awarded a D.C. medal .
Rilla was beside herself with delight .
what a thing to be the sister of such a hero !
it seems to me that they must be dyed red with blood like our poppies here .
and every whisper of spring will be falling as a violet in Rainbow Valley .
will you see it tonight over the maple grove ?
that was why I sent it over to the London Spectator .
it printed it and the copy came today .
I hope you 'll like it .
the poem was a short , poignant little thing .
in a month it had carried Walter 's name to every corner of the globe .
a Canadian lad in the Flanders trenches had written the one great poem of the war .
Walter Blythe , was a classic from its first printing .
I am sure I could never be as splendid as Miss Oliver was .
at first she was crushed .
then after just a day she pulled herself together and went back to her school .
she did not cry I never saw her shed a tear but oh , her face and her eyes !
those poor men must have been thankful to die .
she walked like that every night .
but never so long as that night .
and once I heard her give a dreadful sudden little cry as if she had been stabbed .
I couldn't sleep for suffering with her ; and I couldn't help her .
I thought the night would never end .
the telephone rang and I answered it .
they hadn't learned yet how the mistake had happened but supposed there must have been another Robert Grant .
I ought to have had more sense , of course .
but I was so crazy with joy and excitement that I never stopped to think .
Gertrude just dropped there among the golden young ferns as if she had been shot .
she never said one word about my news and I didn't dare to refer to it again .
I never saw anyone cry so before .
all the tears that she hadn't shed all that week came then .
then they go back to Red Cross work in the training camp at Kingsport .
I envy them .
father says I 'm doing just as good work here , with Jims and my Junior Reds .
but it lacks the romance theirs must have .
it was almost a relief when it did fall , we had been dreading it so long .
it crushed us flat for a day and then we picked up and put it behind us .
but I know that strange dream of Miss Oliver 's foretold the victory of France .
NORMAN DOUGLAS SPEAKS OUT IN MEETING
Anne came back with a little sigh .
the doctor did not answer .
but nothing is the same as it used to be .
but all the time I am strafing them I will be thinking about this new worry in the Trentino .
when it came I shrivelled .
they are told at weddings and festivals , and rehearsed around winter firesides .
the union prayer-meeting was Mr Arnold 's idea .
everybody who could go was there .
it took no less than a world conflict to bring that about .
so Miss Cornelia went .
Norman Douglas and his wife went too .
the prayer-meeting opened conventionally and continued quietly .
Mr Meredith spoke first with his usual eloquence and feeling .
Mr Arnold followed with an address which even Miss Cornelia had to confess was irreproachable in taste and subject-matter .
and then Mr Arnold asked Mr Pryor to lead in prayer .
some people expected Mr Pryor to refuse grumpily and that would have made enough scandal .
but one man at least in that audience was not hampered by inherited or acquired reverence for the sacred edifice .
every head in the church flew up .
a boy in khaki at the back gave a faint cheer .
Mr Meredith raised a deprecating hand , but Norman was past caring for anything like that .
Mr Pryor 's once ruddy face was ashen .
but Mr Pryor was gone .
he had no desire to fall a second time into the hands of an avenging militarist .
Norman turned to the platform for one graceless , triumphant moment .
sedition and treason somebody had to deal with it .
I was born for this hour I 've had my innings in church at last .
I can sit quiet for another sixty years now !
go ahead with your meeting , parsons .
but the spirit of devotion and reverence had fled .
and he knew that the same picture was in everybody 's mind .
altogether the union prayer-meeting could hardly be called an unqualified success .
but it was remembered in Glen St Mary when scores of orthodox and undisturbed assemblies were totally forgotten .
then later on , his own minister and session should deal with him .
that would have been the proper procedure .
for the first time I saw her down and out .
we all felt the shock of it but Susan plumbed the depths of despair .
so the world is not left wholly desolate .
we might as well prepare for the worst for it is bound to come .
as for Susan , Cousin Sophia was the salvation of her .
she came to life with a jerk .
as for Kitchener , his death is a great loss and I do not dispute it .
but Cousin Sophia shook her head .
as Gertrude says , Verdun has slain all exultation .
we would all feel more like rejoicing if the victories were on the western front .
Gertrude sighed this morning .
there were young men and middle-aged men in it .
there were two South African veterans from Lowbridge , and the three eighteen-year-old Baxter triplets from Harbour Head .
at the station Dog Monday nearly went out of his head .
something seems to have touched them and set them apart .
they have heard the Piper 's call .
I couldn't help it but I felt as badly as if I could .
he was desperately in earnest and I felt more wretched than I ever did in my life .
there , that is one of the entries I wouldn't want my descendants to read in this journal .
they are horrible .
I couldn't even give poor heartbroken Fred one little kiss , because of my promise to Ken .
it seemed so brutal .
I told her .
but she was so nice and understanding and sympathetic , oh , just so race-of-Josephy that I felt indescribably comforted .
mothers are the dearest things .
I felt idiotic and ashamed by the time I got through .
then she came over , sat down beside me , and took me in her arms .
LITTLE DOG MONDAY KNOWS
Cousin Sophia answered for Miss Oliver .
didn't I warn you that we could not tell what was before us ?
Susan clicked her knitting-needles briskly .
the Big Push is on and the Russians are still going well .
the Huns have not got all the cleverness in the world .
he is a prisoner in Germany and his mother got a letter from him last week .
and when it is made I shall put it on the top shelf .
Jim Anderson has not got a scratch , for all he has been two years in the trenches .
I never thought you 'd raise him when I saw him the day after you brung him home .
but Cousin Sophia really did not mean that .
if they were not kept down society would be demoralized .
where would Ken be tonight ?
others were wounded in the hospitals .
but so far nothing had touched the manse and the Ingleside boys .
they seemed to bear charmed lives .
yet the suspense never grew any easier to bear as the weeks and months of war went by .
I know this , and it tortures me every day .
I can't picture such a state of things somehow .
I suppose I had a soul then , Miss Oliver but I didn't know it .
so the summer passed away .
if I 'm idle I imagine everything rest is only torture for me .
but I see the purpose growing in his eyes .
but the doctor was inexorable .
why , you 're getting transparent .
the others dared not feel exultant .
who knew what price had been paid ?
the air was cold with dew and the orchard and grove and Rainbow Valley were full of mystery and wonder .
was it Dog Monday ?
and if it were , why was he howling like that ?
Rilla shivered ; the sound had something boding and grievous in it .
Rilla listened with a curdling fear at her heart .
it was Dog Monday she felt sure of it .
Rilla went back to bed but she could not sleep .
I dunno what got into him .
Dog Monday was lying in his kennel .
he wagged his tail and licked Rilla 's hand .
but he would not touch the food she brought for him .
she hated to go away and leave him .
Rilla 's fear lifted .
Dog Monday howled no more and resumed his routine of train meeting and watching .
when five days had passed the Ingleside people began to feel that they might be cheerful again .
but Rilla Blythe shed no tears before the nightfall .
nor did she waken to her pain for many hours .
Rilla 's younger life recovered physically sooner than her mother .
for weeks Mrs Blythe lay ill from grief and shock .
there was work to be done , for Susan could not do all .
she clung to Miss Oliver , who knew what to say and what not to say .
so few people did .
kind , well-meaning callers and comforters gave Rilla some terrible moments .
he was richer than any of you .
then she went to work and ironed Jims 's little rompers .
Rilla scolded her gently for it when she herself came in to do it .
and oh , Susan , I can't get away from what Mrs Reese said .
did Walter suffer much he was always so sensitive to pain .
this merciful knowledge was given to Rilla .
well , that is just how I feel .
there are some things I want to say before well , before tomorrow .
it 's the first time I 've felt this since I came .
and I can see the moonlight shining white and still on the old hills of home .
Rilla , I saw the Piper coming down the Valley with a shadowy host behind him .
the others thought I was only pretending but I saw him for just one moment .
and Rilla , last night I saw him again .
I heard his music , and then he was gone .
I feel sure of this .
and Rilla , I 'm not afraid .
when you hear the news , remember that .
I could never forget them .
I 'm satisfied .
yes , I 'm glad I came , Rilla .
it 's the fate of mankind .
that is what we 're fighting for .
such an army cannot be defeated .
I hope so .
the world will need laughter and courage more than ever in the years that will come next .
this will be part of your work , Rilla .
Rilla read her letter over many times .
could she do it ?
oh , no , she could not give up Walter 's letter his last letter .
surely it was not selfishness to keep it .
a copy would be such a soulless thing .
Una took the letter and when Rilla had gone she pressed it against her lonely lips .
she had no right in the eyes of her world to grieve .
but she , too , would keep faith .
MARY IS JUST IN TIME
the autumn of @number@ was a bitter season for Ingleside .
Mrs Blythe 's return to health was slow , and sorrow and loneliness were in all hearts .
Rilla laughed a good deal .
nobody at Ingleside was deceived by her laughter ; it came from her lips only , never from her heart .
nobody has ever seen her shed a tear or heard her mention his name .
she has evidently quite forgotten him .
well , I wish I could take things as calmly but I 'm not made like that .
but of course I 'm not saying that is the reason she doesn't wear it .
if my brother had died I 'd have gone into deep mourning .
I wouldn't have had the heart for anything else .
I suppose she can't help it .
of course , she 's a born manager everyone knows that .
so don't look at me as if I 'd said something perfectly dreadful , Betty , please .
they didn't matter , that was all .
life was too big to leave room for pettiness .
the war news was consistently bad , for Germany marched from victory to victory over poor Rumania .
but after Verdun I shall not give up hope .
Susan stayed up late on the evening of the eleventh , ostensibly to finish a pair of socks .
I believe it is for the best .
they have shown good sense and I do not mind admitting it .
Susan fathomed it or thought she did when the Asquith ministry went down and Lloyd George became Premier .
I have been praying for this for many a day .
now we shall soon see a blessed change .
there will be no more shilly-shallying .
Bucharest did fall and Germany proposed peace negotiations .
Whereat Susan scornfully turned a deaf ear and absolutely refused to listen to such proposals .
when President Wilson sent his famous December peace note Susan waxed violently sarcastic .
but we had all the Merediths down for dinner and nobody tried to be gay or cheerful .
we were all just quiet and friendly , and that helped .
I wonder if I shall ever feel really glad over anything again .
as it happened , it was only a prelude to the real performance .
father and mother went up to Avonlea .
but he never got back for a week .
that night it began to storm again , and it stormed unbrokenly for four days .
it was the worst and longest storm that Prince Edward Island has known for years .
I never even took his temperature , and I can't forgive myself , because it was sheer carelessness .
mother was away , so I let myself go .
Susan and I were all alone .
Gertrude had been at Lowbridge when the storm began and had never got back .
at first we were not much alarmed .
but it wasn't very long before we were dreadfully alarmed .
it was heart-rending to see and hear him .
I never realized how dear Jims was to me until that moment .
oh , if your father was here look at him , the poor little fellow !
I threw down the hot poultice I had ready in despair .
of what use was it ?
Susan couldn't go she dared not lay Jims down so I rushed downstairs .
I thought of a weird story Gertrude had told me once .
an aunt of hers was alone in a house one night with her sick husband .
she heard a knock at the door .
immediately she heard a cry .
she ran upstairs and her husband was dead .
I just stared at her .
once I thought I was stuck for keeps .
I explained as quickly as I could to Mary , and left her trying to brush the snow off .
I could have thrown Mary Vance out of the door or the window anywhere at that moment .
I had always disliked Mary Vance and just then I hated her .
Susan went down with Mary to get it , and I held Jims .
presently Mary came back .
I don't know why I didn't spring forward and snatch him away .
Susan herself seemed transfixed , watching Mary from the doorway .
Mary turned him over and laid him back on his bed .
when I made sure of that I turned and looked at Mary Vance .
but I didn't mind how much law she laid down or how much she bragged .
I went over to her and kissed her .
Jims was almost well by that time , and father turned up .
he heard our tale without saying much .
but a few days later she rushed to Mrs Blythe in red-hot excitement .
they tell me that means war .
I thought that submarine business would bring things to a crisis .
Susan spoiled Shirley shamelessly that winter .
things look good to me .
the pale mother looked at him .
I can get into the flying-corps .
he had known this moment was coming , yet he was not altogether prepared for it .
Shirley said nothing more .
he was not a lad of many words .
Anne did not say anything more just then , either .
yet that night she told Shirley that he might go .
they did not tell Susan right away .
Susan didn't make half the fuss she had made when Jem and Walter had gone .
Jem and Walter were yours but Shirley is mine .
I sometimes forget that I resolved to be a heroine .
but I will not forget myself again .
the doctor did not remember the old discipline .
Ingleside did seem very big and empty that night .
Susan worked very hard all day and late into the night .
but Susan did not see the familiar hills and harbour .
she was looking at the aviation camp in Kingsport where Shirley was that night .
and none of them had to be driven to it .
so we have a right to be proud .
Vimy Ridge is a name written in crimson and gold on the Canadian annals of the Great War .
Jerry Meredith was seriously wounded at Vimy Ridge shot in the back , the telegram said .
she thought of her own happy girlhood at old Green Gables .
there had been no tragedy like this in it .
when Nan came home from Redmond two weeks later her face showed what those weeks had meant to her .
John Meredith , too , seemed to have grown old suddenly in them .
so Di , after a flying visit home , went back to her Red Cross work in Kingsport .
the mayflowers bloomed in the secret nooks of Rainbow Valley .
Rilla was watching for them .
he stalked up the steps of the veranda and laid them on Mrs Blythe 's lap .
I wrote Jerry , too .
but I couldn't understand why , Mrs Blythe .
and they all said things like that .
that is what I would do .
he would feel just awful and he would go on feeling like that forever .
SUSAN HAS A PROPOSAL OF MARRIAGE
Susan was always intensely excited .
nevertheless , she looked at it with awe .
he always cut his grain with a reaping hook to the day of his death .
what was good enough for his father was good enough for him , he used to say .
he foams at the mouth , they tell me , when he sees one .
and the first time he went up alone he suddenly felt terribly homesick .
the aeroplane disappeared .
the doctor threw back his head with a sigh .
no , I don't envy my grandson 's sweetheart , after all .
Mr Meredith is right .
and I have an awful suspicion that you can't run an aeroplane with one arm .
the Russians are done for this time and there would be no sense in shutting our eyes to the fact .
but have you seen Woodrow Wilson 's reply to the Pope 's peace proposals ?
it is magnificent .
I really could not have expressed the rights of the matter better myself .
Ella and the other big scholars felt terrible over it .
but little Sandy Logan saved the situation .
he went off beaming .
well , I must be going .
I 've got overalls and I can tell you they 're real becoming .
I promised him today that I would , if you didn't object .
then he can help the farmers get the harvest in .
that isn't the question .
when I offered to help Albert looked doubtful .
none of the Ingleside folks spoke for just a moment .
but Susan mistook their meaning and her sun-burned face grew red .
it is such a dreadful example to the young girls .
I am of the opinion it comes of reading the newspapers so much .
an extraordinary sight met her eyes .
Anne choked back a laugh .
couldn't you have found a well , a less spectacular method of refusing him ?
I was just clean mad .
Susan picked up her pot and marched into the kitchen , still trembling with wrathful excitement .
she set her pot on the stove with a vicious thud .
there , that is better .
but he said ,
something told me , Mrs Dr dear , that I was about to receive my first proposal .
I consider it an insult and if I could have thought of any way of preventing it I would .
if it had not been for that I would not have chased him with my dye-pot .
I will tell you the whole interview .
whiskers sat down , as I have said , and right beside him on another chair Doc was lying .
I leave you to draw your own conclusions from that .
the nice cat flew at him and bit him .
whiskers looked after it quite amazed .
I agreed with him on that point , but I was not going to let him see it .
but it went no deeper than his skin .
there is no use in wasting time beating around the bush .
so there it was , Mrs Dr dear .
I had a proposal at last , after waiting sixty-four years for one .
that was when I lost my head , Mrs Dr dear .
and I do not think we will see him back here proposing to us again in a hurry .
Ingleside , @date@
but what is to prevent them from getting Venice I cannot see .
perhaps I caught my love of it from Walter , who worshipped it .
it was always one of his dreams to see Venice .
no it cannot .
we will win in the end .
I will not doubt it for one moment .
I expected a bad time and a refusal .
but to my amazement he was quite agreeable and promised on the spot to take a thousand dollar bond .
but Susan did make a speech and the best one made at the meeting , too .
and we are asking charity , of course we are asking you to lend us your money for nothing !
Lloyd George is her pet hero , now that Kitchener is gone .
that was the key-note of her speech .
when she finished with them they were ready to eat out of her hand .
and after wild applause most of them did it , even Warren Mead .
father was quite furious ; but in my heart I believe I sympathized with Miss Elizabeth .
but the Italians are making a stand at last on the Piave line .
to be sure military critics say they cannot possibly hold it and must retreat to the Adige .
she isn't the same girl at all .
conscription is the real issue at stake and it will be the most exciting election we ever had .
some of them are taking it terribly hard .
everybody knows me by that detestable and detested hat .
this will be my fourth season for it .
I notice little Kitchener always has an attack of croup after any British victory .
I do hope he has no pro-German blood in his veins .
but whatever blood runs in his little veins it is good , healthy blood .
the other night I took Jims with me for a walk down to the store .
that always bores me when other people do it !
I just enshrine them in this old hotch-potch of a journal !
if it could just come back !
the British troops captured Jerusalem yesterday .
we ran up the flag and some of Gertrude 's old sparkle came back to her for a moment .
if the Government had failed to carry the West , it was defeated .
we walked the floor until our legs gave out and we had to sit down perforce .
he stood in the doorway and looked at us and we looked at him .
we did not dare ask him what the news was .
Gertrude clapped her hands .
we are trying to gather up some courage wherewith to face another year of it .
sometimes it seems to me that we just cannot live through the winter waiting for that .
Carl 's letters are always full of jokes and bits of fun .
he has a tame rat that knows him and sleeps in his pocket at night .
he is a captain now .
I am glad and proud and yet Captain Ford sounds so horribly far away and high up .
Ken and Captain Ford seem like two different persons .
he sent me a snap-shot , taken in his new uniform .
I can't forget mother 's face when I showed it to her .
that means so much to her .
but my work is here at home .
Walter died for Canada I must live for her .
but Susan is a somewhat disgruntled woman at present , owing to the regulations regarding cookery .
her loyalty to the Union Government is being sorely tried .
it surmounted the first strain gallantly .
how am I to make a cake without butter or sugar ?
of course one can make a slab , Mrs Dr dear .
and we cannot even camooflash it with a little icing !
they are too busy to write letters , for exams are looming up .
they will graduate in Arts this spring .
I am evidently to be the dunce of the family .
but I shan't write it down .
I won't be cowed by the conventions and Cousin Sophia !
I want to be Kenneth Ford 's wife !
I suppose I 'm not a properly constructed damsel at all .
he thumped his tail and looked pleadingly into my eyes .
Gertrude said today .
Do you suppose there will ever again come a time when life will be free from fear ?
for almost four years we have lain down with fear and risen up with it .
now it seemed as if even she had reached the limit of her endurance .
is it , I wonder ?
yesterday I went down to the post office for the mail .
it was a dull , bitter day .
the whole Glen landscape was ugly and hopeless .
Germany struck on the twenty-first .
she makes big claims of guns and prisoners taken .
I don't like the sound of that last expression .
so we all knit furiously , because we can do that mechanically .
it has fallen but they shall not prevail against us !
Susan announced that she meant to stay home that morning a rare decision for Susan .
Walter could not have laid down his life for naught .
his had been the gift of prophetic vision and he had foreseen victory .
she would cling to that belief the line would hold .
in this renewed mood she walked home from church almost gaily .
the others , too , were hopeful , and all went smiling into Ingleside .
where was Susan ?
the three women stared at each other , stricken .
since then I have done nothing , Mrs Dr dear .
I am very sorry dinner is not ready .
it is the first time I have been so remiss .
if you will be patient I will soon have something for you to eat .
Rilla ran to his comforting , while Susan bounded up from the chair upon which she had dropped .
we were forgetting that , Mrs Dr dear .
don't cry , little Kitchener .
Bad as things are , they might be worse .
the British line may be broken but the British navy is not .
nobody at Ingleside ever forgot that black afternoon .
I am ashamed of myself for this hour of despair .
the long-distance operator there was submerged by similar calls from every part of the distracted country .
Rilla finally gave up and slipped away to Rainbow Valley .
the sun had broken through the black clouds and drenched the valley with a pale golden splendour .
depend upon it , girls , that part of the message can't be true .
and at nine o'clock a long-distance message came through at last , that helped them through the night .
that 's not so bad .
Back and back and back !
where would it end ?
would the line break again this time disastrously ?
evil cannot win .
nevertheless her faith was often tried in the dark spring that followed .
it stretched out into weeks and months .
again and again Cousin Sophia agreed with the military critics .
I do not deny that some mistakes have been made .
but that is no reason why you or anyone should go about proclaiming the war is lost .
perhaps we will never know .
Gertrude shivered with pain .
she 's made of finer mettle than that .
even if the Germans found him we know how they have treated wounded prisoners .
but hope seems dead in me .
when that word came this morning the first thing I thought of was Dog Monday .
there was Dog Monday , waiting for the train , just as patient as usual .
now Rilla dear , those were the man 's very words .
and you know how that poor little dog howled all night after the battle of Courcelette .
yet he did not love Walter as much as he loved Jem .
it was absurd and irrational and impossible .
THE TURNING OF THE TIDE
yet she made no protest , even when her beloved peony bed was sacrificed .
but when the Government passed the Daylight Saving law Susan balked .
but the doctor had no power over Susan 's little alarm .
at first she had no intention of letting Mr Pryor know .
she told me she had just gloated over the sight of those cows pasturing on his wheat .
she felt it served him exactly right .
so she went down and phoned over to Whiskers about the matter .
all the thanks she got was that he said something queer right out to her .
it was over a month since the news had come about Jem .
Rilla turned away from the new star , sick at heart .
if only they knew what had happened to Jem you can face anything you know .
but a beleaguerment of fear and doubt and suspense is a hard thing for the morale .
surely , if Jem were alive , some word would have come through .
he must be dead .
when she wakened Gertrude Oliver was sitting at her window leaning out to meet the silver mystery of the dawn .
Rilla remembered Jem 's admiration of the curve of Miss Oliver 's brow and chin , and she shuddered .
everything that reminded her of Jem was beginning to give intolerable pain .
Walter 's death had inflicted on her heart a terrible wound .
Gertrude Oliver turned her head .
there was an odd brilliancy in her eyes .
Miss Oliver 's dreams had always foretold coming disaster .
and it was still covered by waves that lapped about my feet .
but it was : again , as in @number@ the tide turned at the Marne .
nevertheless she went out and ran up the flag , for the first time since the fall of Jerusalem .
in her , they all saluted the symbol for which their dearest had fought .
the August evening was so hot and close that the crowded cars were stifling .
nobody ever knew just why trains stopped at Millward siding .
nobody was ever known to get off there or get on .
Rilla was heavy-hearted over this , and worried also .
she might never see her dear , sunshiny , carefully brought-up little Jims again .
with such a father what might his fate be ?
but his father will never have a cent to give him any education or start in life .
Rilla shrieked and lost her head .
she sprang down the steps and jumped off the train .
but Jims , except for a few bruises , and a big fright , was quite uninjured .
a laugh broke into Rilla 's sobbing , producing something very like what her father would have called hysterics .
but she caught herself up before the hysteria could conquer her .
pull yourself together immediately .
you fell because you let go of my hand and bent too far forward .
I told you not to do that .
Rilla thought she could do it alone easily enough , but with Jims it was another matter .
were his little legs good for it ?
she had married very young and had gone to live in Millward .
for the first mile they got on very well but the second one was harder .
the road , seldom used , was rough and deep-rutted .
Jims grew so tired that Rilla had to carry him for the last quarter .
she reached the Brewster house , almost exhausted , and dropped Jims on the walk with a sigh of thankfulness .
then she made an unpleasant discovery .
evidently the Brewsters were not at home .
Rilla ran to the little barn .
it , too , was locked .
no other refuge presented itself .
it was almost dark now and her plight seemed desperate .
luckily she did not have to go to the length of actual housebreaking .
the kitchen window went up quite easily .
Rilla lifted Jims in and scrambled through herself , just as the storm broke in good earnest .
Rilla shut the window and with some difficulty found and lighted a lamp .
there is nothing like acting sensibly in an emergency .
then I wouldn't have been in this scrape .
since I am in it I 'll make the best of it .
of course Hannah and Ted were just beginning housekeeping then .
but somehow I 've had the idea that Ted hasn't been very prosperous .
the thunderstorm passed , but the rain continued to fall heavily .
at eleven o'clock Rilla decided that nobody was coming home .
Rilla slept until eight o'clock the next morning and then wakened with startling suddenness .
the man was a big fellow with a bushy black beard and an angry scowl .
she looked even crosser and more amazed than the man , if that were possible .
Rilla also was realizing that something was wrong fearfully wrong .
Rilla raised herself on one elbow , looking and feeling hopelessly bewildered and foolish .
she heard the old black-and-white lady in the background chuckle to herself .
we bought it from the Brewsters last fall .
they moved to Greenvale .
Poor Rilla fell back on her pillow , quite overcome .
Mrs Brewster is a friend of mine .
I am Rilla Blythe Dr Blythe 's daughter from Glen St . Mary .
Rilla , stung by the disagreeable attitude of the Chapleys , regained her self-possession and lost her temper .
no strangers shall be charged for room and lodging in any house where Mrs Matilda Pitman lives .
as the door closed behind them Mrs Matilda Pitman laughed silently , and rocked from side to side in her merriment .
that 's a handsome child you have there .
well , I 'd better skin out before he wakes up or he 'll likely start crying .
I can't recollect any youngster ever coming near me of its own accord .
Amelia was my step-daughter .
if kids don't like me I don't like them , so that 's an even score .
Jims chose this moment for waking up .
he opened his big brown eyes and looked at Mrs Matilda Pitman unblinkingly .
Mrs Matilda Pitman smiled .
even eighty-odd is sometimes vulnerable in vanity .
I haven't had one for years .
it tastes good .
then Jims did a quite surprising thing .
he was not a demonstrative youngster and was chary with kisses even to the Ingleside people .
well , I 'll see I 'll see .
I have an idea .
it 's a good idea , and besides it will make Robert and Amelia squirm .
he 's worth some bother .
when she went down to the kitchen she found a smoking hot breakfast on the table .
Mr Chapley was nowhere in sight and Mrs Chapley was cutting bread with a sulky air .
Mrs Matilda Pitman was sitting in an armchair , knitting a grey army sock .
she still wore her bonnet and her triumphant expression .
and it is time I was starting for the station .
the morning train will soon be along .
Mrs Matilda Pitman shook a knitting-needle playfully at Rilla .
Rilla did obey her .
when Rilla had finished , Mrs Matilda Pitman rolled up her sock .
I told Robert he must hitch up and drive you to the station .
I enjoy making Robert do things .
it 's almost the only sport I have left .
Robert sat before the door on the front seat of a trim , double-seated , rubber-tired buggy .
he must have heard every word his mother-in-law said but he gave no sign .
don't be scared .
I like your spunk .
most girls nowadays are such timid , skeery creeturs .
Mind you take good care of that boy .
he ain't any common child .
when Rilla got out at the siding she thanked him courteously .
the only response she got was a grunt as Robert turned his horse and started for home .
I believe she hypnotized me .
and then she sighed .
I was fifteen then .
I am nineteen now .
she used to be such an irresponsible young creature .
she has changed into a capable , womanly girl and she is such a comfort to me .
we are chums .
I 'm not as good and strong as all that .
there are heaps of times when I have felt cross and impatient and woeful and despairing .
but I have helped a little , I believe , and I am so glad and thankful .
the French and Americans are pushing the Germans back and back and back .
we don't rejoice noisily over it .
Susan keeps the flag up but we go softly .
the price paid has been too high for jubilation .
we hope because we dare not do anything else .
but there are hours when we all feel though we never say so that such hoping is foolishness .
and we may never know .
that is the most terrible thought of all .
I wonder how Faith is bearing it .
it did not say where the wound was , which is unusual , and we all feel worried .
but I cried all the afternoon after I saw Carl 's letter .
when will the others come ?
at least we will not see him if he does .
the heroine was struggling with a horrible German soldier who was trying to drag her away .
I came to my senses and fell back in my seat , overcome with mortification .
mother was shaking with laughter .
I could have shaken her .
why hadn't she pulled me down and choked me before I had made such an idiot of myself .
she protests that there wasn't time .
he has been as faithful in his way as Dog Monday was in his .
we have always told him that Jem would come back .
Bruce went home and cried himself to sleep .
Mrs Meredith exclaimed .
I just told God I would give Him Stripey if He would send Jem back .
oh , mother , Stripey was such a nice little cat .
he purred so pretty .
and I feel as if I must cry every time I think of it .
it was so splendid and sad and beautiful .
the dear devoted little fellow !
he worshipped that kitten .
I didn't feel glad or surprised .
I didn't feel anything .
I felt numb , just as I did when I heard Walter had enlisted .
I hung up the receiver and turned round .
mother was standing in her doorway .
she looked just like a young girl .
she says she doesn't know how she knew , but she did know .
but then I wasn't either .
I went and woke up Gertrude and Susan and told them .
the post-mistress told everybody in the Glen it had come , and everybody came up to hear the news .
it was weeks before he came to his senses and was able to write .
then he did write but it never came .
he wasn't treated at all badly at his camp only the food was poor .
and we sat down every one of those days to three good square luxurious meals !
I don't know whether to be glad or sorry .
it will depend on what kind of a woman she is .
he drew up a new will for her a short time before her death .
she was worth thirty thousand dollars , the bulk of which was left to Amelia Chapley .
but she left five thousand to me in trust for Jims .
Cousin Sophia sighed again , as if it were an unhappy circumstance that a child should grow .
Rilla smiled and pressed her cheek to Jims ' curls .
nevertheless her heart was anxious behind her smile .
she , too , thought much about the new Mrs Anderson and wondered uneasily what she would be like .
it 's going to make it awful hard for people to get their roots in .
it wasn't so in my young days .
we gin'rally had beautiful Octobers then .
Clear across Cousin Sophia 's doleful voice cut the telephone bell .
Gertrude Oliver answered it .
its reflected glow enveloped her in a weird immaterial flame .
she looked like a priestess performing some mystic , splendid rite .
Rilla went crazy for a few minutes .
she sprang up and danced around the room , clapping her hands , laughing , crying .
now let me walk in joy .
it was a never-to-be-forgotten afternoon .
as the news spread excited people ran about the village and dashed up to Ingleside .
the Merediths came over and stayed to supper and everybody talked and nobody listened .
and in those weeks dreadful things may happen .
my excitement is over .
she was seeing a little white cross on a battlefield of France .
she rose suddenly .
when she finished Mr Meredith stood up and held up his glass .
MR . HYDE GOES TO HIS OWN PLACE AND SUSAN TAKES A HONEYMOON
Early in November Jims left Ingleside .
Rilla saw him go with many tears but a heart free from boding .
I 'll be as good to him as if he was my own , miss .
and I 'll make Jim toe the line all right .
then the news of the Armistice came , and even Glen St Mary went mad .
Up at Ingleside Rilla ran laughing to her room .
it 's mean to want to show your own mother most unfilial conduct !
but I have shown her .
and I 've shown myself a few things !
oh , Miss Oliver , just for one moment I 'm really feeling quite young again young and frivolous and silly .
did I ever say November was an ugly month ?
why it 's the most beautiful month in the whole year .
listen to the bells ringing in Rainbow Valley !
I never heard them so clearly .
the whole world is having a little crazy spell today .
Susan came in from the outdoor sunlight looking supremely satisfied .
but you will never see him again .
I can assure you he was an awesome looking beast .
Mr Hyde just took a look and one bound carried him over the yard fence .
then he went tearing through the maple grove in great leaps with his ears laid back .
you never saw a creature so terrified , Mrs Dr dear .
remember , the Armistice has been signed .
and that reminds me that Whiskers-on-the-moon had a paralytic stroke last night .
I am going to Charlottetown to visit my married brother and his family .
she never did tell anyone what she was going to do until she did it .
that is the main reason why she was never liked in our family .
but to be on the safe side I feel that I should visit her .
besides , I must be home for at least three weeks before Christmas to make the proper preparations .
we will have a Christmas that is a Christmas this year , Mrs Dr dear .
I never aspired to being a storekeeper's wife .
but Miller 's real ambitious and he 'll have a wife that 'll back him up .
thousands of trains had Dog Monday met and never had the boy he waited and watched for returned .
yet still Dog Monday watched on with eyes that never quite lost hope .
the new station agent looked at him anxiously .
a black-and-yellow streak shot past the station agent .
dog Monday stiff ?
dog Monday rheumatic ?
dog Monday old ?
never believe it .
he flung himself against the tall soldier , with a bark that choked in his throat from sheer rapture .
the station agent had heard the story of Dog Monday .
he knew now who the returned soldier was .
Dog Monday 's long vigil was ended .
Jem Blythe had come home .
just as if anybody cared what was on the table none of us could eat , anyway .
it was meat and drink just to look at Jem .
it is wonderful to have Jem back and little Dog Monday .
Monday refuses to be separated from Jem for a moment .
he sleeps on the foot of his bed and squats beside him at meal-times .
do you know , Walter was never frightened after he got to the front .
his colonel told me that Walter was the bravest man in the regiment .
Rilla , I never realized that Walter was dead till I came back home .
he expects to be home in July .
Nan and Di will go on teaching .
Faith doesn't expect to be home before September .
that isn't done yet , though some folks seem to think it ought to be .
the old world is destroyed and we must build up the new one .
it will be the task of years .
Rilla closed her journal with a little sigh .
Just then she was not finding it easy to keep faith .
Walter would never come back .
she had not even Jims left .
so Ken was home and he had not even written her that he was coming .
he had been in Canada two weeks and she had not had a line from him .
the door bell rang , Rilla turned reluctantly stairwards .
she went downstairs slowly , and opened the front door .
Rilla stared at him foolishly for a moment .
who was it ?
ken took the uncertain hand she held out , and looked at her .
End of Project Gutenberg 's Rilla of Ingleside , by Lucy Maud Montgomery
Anne 's House of Dreams
IN THE GARRET OF GREEN GABLES
the garret was a shadowy , suggestive , delightful place , as all garrets should be .
there had never been a Cordelia in the Wright or Barry connections .
but Diana and Anne smiled at each other .
they knew how Small Anne Cordelia had come by her name .
you mustn't expect that everything will always go smoothly .
Anne smothered a smile .
Diana 's airs of vast experience always amused her a little .
by the way , I can't realize that we really have telephones in Avonlea now .
there was enough cold water thrown to discourage any society .
but they stuck to it , nevertheless .
you did a splendid thing for Avonlea when you founded that society , Anne .
what fun we did have at our meetings !
that 's foolish and sentimental and impossible .
so I shall immediately become wise and practical and possible .
today , when you called me , I distinctly heard that queer clock of the Pyes ' striking .
I couldn't imagine what you meant .
I heard a vicious click as soon as you had spoken .
I suppose it was the Pye receiver being hung up with profane energy .
well , never mind the Pyes .
I want to talk of pleasanter things .
it 's the most beautiful harbor on the Island .
he is Gilbert 's great-uncle , you know .
he is going to retire , and Gilbert is to take over his practice .
you suggest Mrs Harmon Andrews .
I shouldn't feel like a bride without one .
you should have seen the foreign missionary Priscilla married .
Anne laughed .
I love pretty things .
I remember the first pretty dress I ever had the brown gloria Matthew gave me for our school concert .
before that everything I had was so ugly .
and you were so furious because he put your pink tissue rose in his breast pocket !
THE HOUSE OF DREAMS
even Marilla was so excited that she couldn't help showing it which was little short of being phenomenal .
but there 's never been a wedding before .
it does seem so strange to think of Anne being married .
I can't realize that she 's grown up .
I shall never forget what I felt when I saw Matthew bringing in a GIRL .
Mrs Rachel sighed , and then brisked up again .
when weddings were in order Mrs Rachel was ready to let the dead past bury its dead .
she tells me they 're getting to be real fashionable again .
I must see about getting them bleached .
it seems real strange .
Good had come out of the evil of the ancient bitterness .
the gods , so says the old superstition , do not like to behold too happy mortals .
human nature is not obliged to be consistent .
but in Jane the milk of human kindness had not been curdled by years of matrimonial bickerings .
her lines had fallen in pleasant places .
wealth had not spoiled her .
let me see you 're twenty-five , aren't you , Anne ?
when I was a girl twenty-five was the first corner .
but you look quite young .
I hope you 'll be very happy .
you have my best wishes , I 'm sure .
a long engagement doesn't often turn out well .
in their shadows Anne and Gilbert talked in lover-fashion of their new home and their new life together .
not right in the village , I hope .
the situation is beautiful .
it looks to the sunset and has the great blue harbor before it .
it is about sixty years old the oldest house in Four Winds .
it was well built to begin with .
you 'll love that Four Winds light , Anne .
it 's a revolving one , and it flashes like a magnificent star through the twilights .
Glen St Mary folks prefer plush brocade and sideboards with mirrors and ornamentations , I fancy .
you haven't yet mentioned one very important thing .
the hinges are on one trunk and the catch on the other .
THE LAND OF DREAMS AMONG
I had a letter from Paul today .
I should love to have Charlotta at my wedding .
Charlotta and I were at a wedding long syne .
they expect to be at Echo Lodge next week .
Anne smothered a smile .
I wish I could have Miss Stacey and Aunt Jamesina and Priscilla and Stella .
thank goodness you 've stuck to the Island , Anne .
we mean to be married in the orchard with the blue sky over us and the sunshine around us .
do you know when and where I 'd like to be married , if I could ?
Marilla sniffed scornfully and Mrs Lynde looked shocked .
why , it wouldn't really seem legal .
the Echo Lodge people came over the next week , and Green Gables buzzed with the delight of them .
could this splendid six feet of manhood be the little Paul of Avonlea schooldays ?
Anne read Paul 's poems with real delight .
they were full of charm and promise .
I always dreamed of having one famous pupil .
he was to be a college president but a great poet would be even better .
some day I 'll be able to boast that I whipped the distinguished Paul Irving .
what an opportunity lost !
I know what I can do .
I can write pretty , fanciful little sketches that children love and editors send welcome cheques for .
but I can do nothing big .
Charlotta the Fourth had discarded the blue bows but her freckles were not noticeably less .
and I wouldn't be if I was to marry a dozen Yankees !
Tom 's kind of nice .
I wouldn't know who he meant if he did .
I always thought I 'd like to marry a doctor .
it would be so handy when the children had measles and croup .
Tom is only a bricklayer , but he 's real good-tempered .
Philippa and her Reverend Jo arrived at Green Gables the day before the wedding .
I 've got fearfully thin since the babies came .
there 's not such a contrast between us , you see .
I can see that now , though I was horribly disappointed at the time .
everything works together for good .
Miss Patty and Miss Maria still sit by the fireplace and knit .
and that reminds me we 've brought you a wedding gift from them , Anne .
I was there last week .
and they were so interested .
we send you our best wishes .
Maria and I have never married , but we have no objection to other people doing so .
we are sending you the china dogs .
that evening Green Gables hummed with preparations for the following day ; but in the twilight Anne slipped away .
she left on his grave the flowers she had brought and walked slowly down the long hill .
it was a gracious evening , full of delectable lights and shadows .
when I left you at your gate that night and walked home I was the happiest boy in the world .
Anne 's engagement ring was a circlet of pearls .
she had refused to wear a diamond .
and tears can be happy as well as sad .
THE FIRST BRIDE OF GREEN GABLES
but since then the little room had been endeared and consecrated by years of happy childhood dreams and maiden visions .
many vigils of joy and some of sorrow had been kept there ; and today she must leave it forever .
henceforth it would be hers no more ; fifteen-year-old Dora was to inherit it when she had gone .
Diana arrived early , with little Fred and Small Anne Cordelia , to lend a hand .
she 's really a wonder in some ways .
Marilla smiled across her chicken salad at Anne .
it might even be suspected that she liked the harum-scarum best after all .
she had strong views on the subject of octopus-like department stores , and never lost an opportunity of airing them .
Anne , for her own good , must be toned down a trifle .
Gilbert , waiting for her in the hall below , looked up at her with adoring eyes .
was he worthy of her ?
could he make her as happy as he hoped ?
their happiness was in each other 's keeping and both were unafraid .
they were married in the sunshine of the old orchard , circled by the loving and kindly faces of long-familiar friends .
never had the old gray-green house among its enfolding orchards known a blither , merrier afternoon .
Marilla stood at the gate and watched the carriage out of sight down the long lane with its banks of goldenrod .
Anne turned at its end to wave her last good-bye .
while they were sitting there Anne and Gilbert were alighting from the train at Glen St . Mary .
beyond the bar the sea , calm and austere , dreamed in the afterlight .
a few dim sails drifted along the darkening , fir-clad harbor shores .
Far out along the horizon was the crinkled gray ribbon of a passing steamer 's smoke .
we won't have many neighbors , Anne .
there 's only one house near us and I don't know who lives in it .
I feel certain there are no children there , at least .
they had not met anybody on the moist , red road that wound along the harbor shore .
great , scattered firs grew along it .
between their trunks one saw glimpses of yellow harvest fields , gleams of golden sand-hills , and bits of blue sea .
the girl was tall and wore a dress of pale blue print .
she and her geese came out of the gate at the foot of the hill as Anne and Gilbert passed .
she is still watching us .
you can't have seen her , or you would remember her .
nobody could forget her .
I never saw such a face except in pictures .
Anne looked and forgot for a time the girl with the splendid , resentful eyes .
outwardly , dark green arms keep them inviolate from curious or indifferent eyes .
you must be real tired .
we 've got a bite of supper ready , and Captain Jim brought up some trout for you .
she liked the appearance of her new home very much .
it seemed to have the atmosphere of Green Gables and the flavor of her old traditions .
the gable window gave a view of a little harvest-hued valley through which a brook ran .
she suddenly found herself thinking of the beautiful girl with the white geese .
there was something about her that made her part of the sea and the sky and the harbor .
when Anne went downstairs Gilbert was standing before the fireplace talking to a stranger .
both turned as Anne entered .
kindred spirit flashed recognition to kindred spirit .
I can't wish you no better than THAT .
but your husband doesn't introduce me jest exactly right .
you sartainly are a nice little bride , Mistress Blythe .
amid the laughter that followed Mrs Doctor Dave urged Captain Jim to stay and have supper with them .
Anne was to learn one day what it was for which Captain Jim looked .
they gathered gaily around the supper table .
he understands it as well as I do .
well , now , I 'm real glad you asked me to stay to supper .
last night I was up to the Glen and took home two pounds of steak .
Captain Jim looked sheepish .
so I shut him in the porch , with an old bag to lie on , and went to bed .
but somehow I couldn't sleep .
the dog , he lit out for home this morning .
like meself , he might be a real beauty inside .
but the First Mate is prejudiced .
no use in taking a cat 's opinion of a dog .
there 's a whole colony of MacAllisters you can't throw a stone but you hit one .
I was talking to old Leon Blacquiere the other day .
he 's been working on the harbor all summer .
they 've got brains over on that side of Four Winds .
Captain Jim smiled delightedly .
she 'll likely be over to see you soon , seeing you 're Presbyterians .
if you were Methodists she wouldn't come at all .
even yet she 's only to say the word to see the old widowers jump .
she 's got the bitterest tongue and the kindest heart in Four Winds .
wherever there 's any trouble , that woman is there , doing everything to help in the tenderest way .
THE SCHOOLMASTER'S BRIDE
but they weren't ever like the schoolmaster 's bride .
but John Selwyn was a fine , handsome young fellow .
we read and walked and talked a heap together .
but I loved to hear John read and recite .
it 's almost sixty years ago , but I could repeat yards of poetry I learned from him .
Captain Jim was silent for a space , gazing into the glowing fire in a quest of the bygones .
then , with a sigh , he resumed his story .
and he told me that he had a sweetheart back home and that she was coming out to him .
he told me all about her .
he was sick , and he 'd looked after her when her parents died and she wouldn't leave him .
and now he was dead and she was coming out to marry John Selwyn .
there weren't no steamers , you must ricollect .
I know before I opened it that it had good news for me .
he said he had a gift or a curse .
he didn't know which it was .
he said they were sometimes a comfort to him and sometimes a horror .
but we won't talk of this again .
I 've lost friends before because of this .
I don't blame them .
there are times when I feel hardly friendly to myself because of it .
she was listening in her old attitude of clasped lips and shining eyes .
Captain Jim treated himself to an admiring smile before he went on with his story .
and everybody took an interest in his new house THIS house .
he picked this site for it , because you could see the harbor and hear the sea from it .
he made the garden out there for his bride , but he didn't plant the Lombardies .
Mrs Ned Russell planted THEM .
he said they were pink for her cheeks and white for her brow and red for her lips .
this little house was rich in love , though .
even blind old Aunt Margaret Boyd wove a little basket for her out of the sweet-scented sand-hill grass .
the schoolmaster 's wife used it for years to keep her handkerchiefs in .
Miss Elizabeth had this put in when she made the house over fifteen years ago .
it was a big , old-fashioned fireplace where you could have roasted an ox .
here on winter evenings friends had gathered .
dance and music and jest had been here .
here youths and maidens had dreamed .
for Captain Jim the little house was tenanted with shapes entreating remembrance .
the schoolmaster began to count the days then .
nobody felt anxious .
vessels were often delayed for days and mebbe weeks .
and at last we began to be frightened , and it got worse and worse .
Fin'lly I couldn't bear to look into John Selwyn 's eyes .
he never said much but he taught school like a man in a dream and then hurried to the shore .
people said he was losing his mind .
I found the schoolmaster there , leaning with his arms folded against a big rock , gazing out to sea .
his eyes seemed to be looking at something I couldn't see .
his face was set , like a dead man 's .
she will be here by dawn .
the schoolmaster had been watching there all night .
Captain Jim 's eyes were shining .
but there they were at last .
Captain Jim shook his head sagely .
I ran off to sea soon after they were married , like the young scalawag I was .
some folks are like that , if you 've noticed .
they COULDN'T be unhappy for long , no matter what happened .
then they moved to Charlottetown , and Ned Russell bought this house and brought his bride here .
Miss Elizabeth Russell was Alec 's sister .
the walls of this house must be sorter SOAKED with laughing and good times .
Captain Jim contrived to give his sunflower compliment the delicacy of a violet , and Anne wore it proudly .
you 're likely to be pestered with me at any hour .
Gin'rally I haven't anyone to talk to but the First Mate , bless his sociable heart .
the moon had just risen when Anne and Gilbert went to the door with their guests .
they 're out of fashion now .
folks complain that they die at the top and get ragged-looking .
I always did it for Miss Elizabeth , so her Lombardies never got out-at-elbows .
she was especially fond of them .
she liked their dignity and stand-offishness .
THEY don't hobnob with every Tom , Dick and Harry .
the moon 's a great friend of mine , Mistress Blythe .
I 've loved her ever since I can remember .
I woke up along in the night and I was most scared to death .
what shadows and queer noises there was !
got up and walked to the house as brave as a lion , looking at her .
the laughter of the goodnights died away .
Anne and Gilbert walked hand in hand around their garden .
the poppies along its banks were like shallow cups of moonlight .
Anne paused in the gloom to gather a spray .
MISS CORNELIA BRYANT COMES TO CALL
no storm marred it , no rough wind blew .
in Four Winds it surrounded her and called to her constantly .
from every window of her new home she saw some varying aspect of it .
its haunting murmur was ever in her ears .
fishing boats went white-winged down the channel in the mornings , and returned laden in the evenings .
Sailors and fisher-folk travelled the red , winding harbor roads , light-hearted and content .
there was always a certain sense of things going to happen of adventures and farings-forth .
they were sitting on their red sand-stone doorstep in the late afternoon .
great tranquillities were all about them in land and sea and sky .
silvery gulls were soaring over them .
the horizons were laced with long trails of frail , pinkish clouds .
the hushed air was threaded with a murmurous refrain of minstrel winds and waves .
pale asters were blowing in the sere and misty meadows between them and the harbor .
this is the first time I could ever really claim that .
I tried an experiment that was certainly never tried in Four Winds before .
it was a new thing in Kingsport hospital last winter .
I risked it and it succeeded .
Anne looked and sprang up .
Miss Cornelia it was ; moreover , Miss Cornelia had not come to make any brief and fashionable wedding call .
elastic bands had been good enough for her mother and they were good enough for HER .
she had a fresh , round , pink-and-white face , and jolly brown eyes .
and nobody but Miss Cornelia could have looked dignified and suitably garbed in it .
Anne looked in some surprise at the white garment spread over Miss Cornelia 's ample lap .
it was certainly a baby 's dress , and it was most beautifully made , with tiny frills and tucks .
Miss Cornelia adjusted her glasses and fell to embroidering with exquisite stitches .
that woman is a martyr , Mrs Blythe , believe ME .
when she married Fred Proctor I knew how it would turn out .
he was one of your wicked , fascinating men .
after he got married he left off being fascinating and just kept on being wicked .
he drinks and he neglects his family .
isn't that like a man ?
I 'd have come yesterday , but I went to Mrs Roderick MacAllister 's funeral .
oh , yes , it was a tremendous funeral .
she had a very large connection .
there was one or two funny things happened .
Poor Mrs Bradshaw didn't look much like singing all wore out slaving .
isn't that like a man ?
if you and the young doctor take MY advice , you won't have much to do with the Methodists .
he said he wanted to have the training of her .
her nephew , Ebenezer Milgrave , used to be insane for years .
Miss Cornelia looked so grimly determined that Anne could almost see her with a spade in her hand .
and she was right there wasn't !
the young doctor is taking real well .
but folks forgot their hurt feelings when they had a pain in their stomachs .
if he 'd been a minister instead of a doctor they 'd never have forgiven him .
Soul-ache doesn't worry folks near as much as stomach-ache .
Miss Cornelia nodded .
we made a mistake when we called HIM .
I shall never forget the first sermon he preached after he came .
but what I dislike most in him is his habit of agreeing with everybody , no matter what is said .
a minister should have more backbone .
but , of course , this is just between you and me .
when there are Methodists in hearing I praise him to the skies .
you 'll never hear ME condemning a woman for her dress .
I 'm only too thankful when her husband isn't too mean and miserly to allow it .
women just dress to please the men , and I 'd never stoop to THAT .
they aren't worth it .
I 've tried for twenty years and he just keeps on being placid .
he was edging on old as far as my memory goes .
he 's seventy-six , you know .
I never heard any reason for his staying a bachelor , but there must be one , believe ME .
Elizabeth never married , though she had plenty of chances .
she was a great beauty when she was young .
Elizabeth was always very proud of that dance .
but that wasn't so .
but I told her that wasn't any reason for not marrying if she wanted to .
you won't be half so likely to be trodden on , believe ME !
your garden looks fine .
he 'll do , maybe .
his father threw a stump at him when he was small .
so like a man !
course , the boy never got over it .
but he 's the only one I can recommend at all .
he painted my house for me last spring .
Anne was saved by the clock striking five .
thank goodness , we can choose our friends .
there was a wistful note in Miss Cornelia 's voice .
it was my mother 's name .
old-fashioned names are the best and sweetest in my opinion .
if you 're going to get tea you might send the young doctor to talk to me .
AN EVENING AT FOUR WINDS POINT
it was late September when Anne and Gilbert were able to pay Four Winds light their promised visit .
they had often planned to go , but something always occurred to prevent them .
Captain Jim was not going to offend household deities by any lack of reverence and ceremony .
as for Elizabeth , she lived in the past .
Captain Jim was a passionate worshipper of beauty .
one evening Anne and Gilbert finally walked down to the Four Winds light .
beyond her , it smote upon and incarnadined the shining , white , grassless faces of the sand dunes .
I may have seen them in church , of course , but if so I didn't know them .
somehow I have never remembered to ask about her .
but I 've never seen her anywhere , so I suppose she must have been a stranger .
the Four Winds light was built on a spur of red sand-stone cliff jutting out into the gulf .
there is a great solitude about such a shore .
the woods are human , but the sea is of the company of the archangels .
he rose and welcomed them to his abode with the gentle , unconscious courtesy that became him so well .
would you like to sit down here outside a bit , while the light lasts ?
I 've just finished this bit of a plaything for my little grand nephew , Joe , up at the Glen .
after I promised to make it for him I was kinder sorry , for his mother was vexed .
but what could I do , Mistress Blythe ?
come , sit down .
the dusk was hanging a curtain of violet gloom over the sand dunes and the headlands where gulls were huddling .
an evening star was watching over the bar .
no buying and selling and getting gain .
then they went up into the tower , and Captain Jim showed and explained the mechanism of the great light .
look at the colors that wood makes .
Captain Jim placed a chair for Anne , having first removed therefrom a huge , orange-colored cat and a newspaper .
the sofa is your place .
I must put this paper away safe till I can find time to finish the story in it .
when little Joe comes I have to read him pirate yarns .
captain Jim 's tea proved to be nectar .
he was pleased as a child with Anne 's compliments , but he affected a fine indifference .
Captain Jim grinned .
it 's politics that 's at the bottom of his freak .
all those Elliotts and Crawfords and MacAllisters are dyed-in-the-wool politicians .
I 'm a Grit myself in moderation , but there 's no moderation about Marshall .
fifteen years ago there was a specially bitter general election .
Marshall fought for his party tooth and nail .
but if he had a wife I reckon she couldn't make him break that vow .
that family of Elliotts has always been more stubborn than natteral .
as for Marshall , we 're all used to him , but he must strike strangers as right down peculiar-looking .
I 've known him ever since he was ten he 's about fifty now and I like him .
that 's about all I 'm good for now catching trout and cod occasional .
Captain Jim stroked his velvet back gently .
there 's some turrible thoughtless people in the world , Mistress Blythe .
you can't cope with it .
it makes my blood boil , Mistress Blythe .
master , I cried .
then I swore .
he was almost starving .
when I loosed him he gave my hand a pitiful swipe with his little red tongue .
he was meek as Moses .
that was nine years ago .
his life has been long in the land for a cat .
Captain Jim shook his head .
he was a FRIEND you understand , Mistress Blythe ?
Matey 's only a pal .
there isn't any devil in a good dog .
but I 'm darned if they 're as interesting .
why don't you check me ?
and almost every one had some striking story attached to it .
he sat there in his little room and made those things live again for his hearers .
Anne and Gilbert laughed and shivered over his tales , and once Anne found herself crying .
Captain Jim surveyed her tears with pleasure shining from his face .
but I can't do justice to the things I 've seen or helped to do .
said Anne dreamily .
well , what is to be will be .
a fortune-teller had predicted he would be .
and one day he fainted and fell with his face in the barn trough and was drowned .
must you go ?
well , come soon and come often .
the doctor is to do the talking next time .
he knows a heap of things I want to find out .
it 's been worse since Elizabeth Russell died .
one of the men of Peter Gautier 's boat made a nasty remark about some girl along the shore .
Captain Jim fairly scorched the wretched fellow with the lightning of his eyes .
he didn't say much but the way he said it !
you 'd have thought it would strip the flesh from the fellow 's bones .
but Anne was mistaken .
Captain Jim had more than that .
he had a memory .
there was no one else to tell , for Gilbert had gone over the harbor .
there had been an autumn storm of wind and rain , lasting for three days .
a flying gleam of sunset broke through a low-lying western cloud and fell across her hair .
instead , she sat down on the boulder beside the girl .
Anne was silent for a moment from sheer amazement .
Anne could not quickly adjust her mental focus to this astonishing change .
she did not offer any explanation or excuse for not having gone .
I love it .
it is generally late almost dark when I come .
and I love to come just after a storm like this .
I don't like the sea so well when it 's calm and quiet .
that was why I danced along the shore in that wild way .
I didn't suppose anybody was looking , of course .
Anne laughed , too .
we just call it that between ourselves .
you couldn't have believed she would have cooked so much for two ordinary people .
she had every kind of pie you could name , I think except lemon pie .
she said she never knew a man who didn't like pie better than his Bible .
Miss Cornelia had certainly talked freely about every other individual in or near Four Winds .
but I love friendship and nice , jolly little times with people .
she was not fishing for a compliment .
no doubt I shall be dignified after a time .
you see , I haven't been married very long .
here was another unbelievable thing .
Leslie said nothing , and Anne was a little chilled .
when they reached the shore lane Leslie turned .
Anne felt as if the invitation had been thrown at her .
she got the impression that Leslie Moore gave it reluctantly .
Anne walked home in a brown study and poured out her tale to Gilbert .
you can't talk about eggs and butter to HER .
you will understand her fascination when you meet her , Gilbert .
THE STORY OF LESLIE MOORE
if it had been a boy he 'd have ranted because it wasn't a girl .
the baby is real pretty , dressed up in its nice little clothes .
her husband suicided three years ago .
he was a born tyrant .
but of course it spoiled the well .
so she had another dug and a frightful expense it was , and the water as hard as nails .
we 've only had two suicides in Four Winds in my recollection .
the other was Frank West Leslie Moore 's father .
Miss Cornelia nodded .
I was hoping you 'd foregather with her .
did you ever see her hair ?
it reaches to her feet when she lets it down .
you wouldn't be much surprised if you knew what her life has been .
nobody knows the INSIDE but Leslie herself , and she doesn't take folks into her confidence .
as I said , Leslie 's father was Frank West .
he was clever and shiftless just like a man .
the Wests were all inclined to be consumptive .
so Frank came home and started farming .
but I never had much use for Rose Elliott .
Frank was no hand to work , so they were poor as Job 's turkey .
they lived on potatoes and point , believe ME .
they had two children Leslie and Kenneth .
she took after her Grandmother West a splendid old lady .
she was the brightest , friendliest , merriest thing when she was a child , Anne .
everybody liked her .
she was looking down from the loft .
but she never screeched or cried again about it .
Miss Cornelia wiped the tears from her kindly brown eyes and sewed in bitter silence for a few minutes .
she never mentioned Kenneth 's name I 've never heard it cross her lips from that day to this .
after a while she began to laugh again she had the prettiest laugh .
wasn't that like a man ?
it was the anniversary of his wedding day , too .
Nice , tasty time to pick for it , wasn't it ?
and , of course , that poor Leslie had to be the one to find him .
she loved her mother .
well , they buried Frank West beside Kenneth , and Rose put up a great big monument to him .
it was bigger than his character , believe ME !
that had been her father 's pet scheme he wanted her to have what he had lost .
she was so happy and hopeful and full of life and eagerness .
he was a big , handsome fellow , with a little ugly soul .
he wasn't fit for Leslie to wipe her feet on , that 's the long and short of it .
and he was a Methodist !
I 'll never forgive Rose West .
she said it would break her heart to leave the home she 'd come to as a bride .
well , she was .
she married Dick Moore .
none of us knew why at the time .
of course , there was no wedding , but Rose asked me to go and see them married .
but Rose was smiling as a basket of chips , believe ME !
in the spring Rose took pneumonia and died a year too late !
Leslie was heart-broken enough over it .
as for Dick , he 'd had enough of quiet married life just like a man .
the name of the vessel was the Four Sisters and they were to be gone about nine weeks .
but she never said anything .
sometimes I 've wondered if she really did want me around at all she never let me think so .
oh , that poor , heart-broken girl !
Miss Cornelia wiped her eyes again and having relieved her feelings by her blood-thirsty wish , took up her tale .
dick had put in the crop before he went , and old Abner looked after it .
the summer went by and the Four Sisters didn't come back .
by degrees people began to talk of Dick Moore as one that was dead .
Leslie never thought he was dead and she was right .
the next summer Captain Jim was in Havana that was before he gave up the sea , of course .
he 'd better have let sleeping dogs lie , in my opinion !
they took him in , never thinking he could live .
but he did and he was just like a child when he got well .
he hadn't memory or intellect or reason .
they tried to find out who he was but they never could .
he couldn't even tell them his name he could only say a few simple words .
but it hadn't any effect .
there he 's been at the house up the brook ever since .
he 's apt to run away if he isn't watched .
that 's the burden Leslie has had to carry for eleven years and all alone .
when things were settled up there was nothing for Leslie and Dick but the old West farm .
Leslie rented it to John Ward , and the rent is all she has to live on .
sometimes in summer she takes a boarder to help out .
but most visitors prefer the other side of the harbor where the hotels and summer cottages are .
Leslie 's house is too far from the bathing shore .
and after all the dreams and hopes she once had !
her own happiness seemed to reproach her .
she listened intently and nodded her satisfaction .
she must have taken to you real strong .
I 'm so glad .
you should see how fat he 's got since he came home .
he used to be lean enough .
only you mustn't be sensitive .
just get her to come over here as often as she can .
he always goes to bed early and sleeps like the dead till next morning .
that is how you came to meet her at the shore likely .
the girl 's beauty and sorrow and loneliness drew her with an irresistible fascination .
she can't take Dick to church , of course not that he ever troubled church much in his best days .
perhaps Captain Jim will drop in , too .
she was right , for Leslie 's air of constraint suddenly vanished .
her beautiful hair gleamed like molten gold in the warm firelight .
her sea-blue eyes were full of soft laughter and allurement .
I don't get many books .
Captain Jim is always saying it doesn't take long to stay an hour .
they had risen and stood together in the firelight 's glow .
Anne watched her until she was lost in the shadows of the chill and misty night .
then she turned slowly back to the glow of her own radiant hearthstone .
her hair fascinates me .
Miss Cornelia says it reaches to her feet .
through it the sea sobbed and shuddered .
Gilbert was away and would be away until the morrow , attending a medical pow-wow in Charlottetown .
Anne longed for an hour of fellowship with some girl friend .
this is such a GHOSTLY night .
if I sit here any longer I 'll see one of them there opposite me in Gilbert 's chair .
this place isn't exactly canny tonight .
Even Gog and Magog have an air of pricking up their ears to hear the footsteps of unseen guests .
I 'll leave my house of dreams to welcome back its old inhabitants .
she can't afford to buy them or subscribe for them .
she 's really pitifully poor , Anne .
I don't see how she makes out to live at all on the little rent the farm brings in .
don't be too long going to see her either .
I was down there one day in housecleaning time helping Leslie a bit , and I was frying doughnuts .
then he laughed and laughed .
Anne laughed over Miss Cornelia 's wrath as she sped through the darkness .
but laughter accorded ill with that night .
she was sober enough when she reached the house among the willows .
everything was very silent .
the door was open .
Anne drew back in dismay .
she felt that she could not intermeddle with this bitterness .
to go in now would be to shut the door forever on any possible help or friendship .
Anne slipped noiselessly from the veranda and found her way across the yard .
even in the dull light Anne got the impression that there was something unusual about his eyes .
a woman did that once , forty years ago .
Captain Jim sighed .
she must feel terrible when she does cry .
even my own dear house was full of them .
they fairly elbowed me out .
Leslie wouldn't have liked it .
I had Dick down with me all day .
yes , one is blue and t'other is hazel his father had the same .
it 's a Moore peculiarity .
that was what told me he was Dick Moore when I saw him first down in Cuby .
Miss Cornelia always says I shouldn't have done it , but I can't agree with her .
there ain't no question in my mind about THAT .
but my old heart aches for Leslie .
I 've had that feeling from childhood .
what is the reason ?
but the fog is lifting .
it was always a cheery place .
even when she did not talk she seemed to inspire others to brilliancy .
I only imagined I was .
YOU know that .
oh , look , Gilbert ; there is ours .
I 'm so glad we left it burning .
I hate to come home to a dark house .
OUR homelight , Gilbert !
CHRISTMAS AT FOUR WINDS
so it fell out that Marilla and Mrs Rachel Lynde and the twins came to Four Winds for Christmas .
Marilla had the face of a woman who had circumnavigated the globe .
Mrs Rachel had made and brought with her an enormous plum pudding .
of course , she was trained up with you but , then , she went to college afterwards .
Anne 's first Christmas in her own house was as delightful as she could have wished .
Captain Jim and Miss Cornelia came to dinner .
Christmas is always a hard time for Leslie .
Miss Cornelia and Mrs Rachel did not take a very violent fancy to each other .
Miss Cornelia was not going to sit with idle hands , even on Christmas .
it must have been a real pleasant change for her .
I could have had him long ago when he was fresh .
I don't want any second-hand goods , believe ME .
Robert Baxter told me the same thing too , but I admit THAT isn't evidence .
I have no use for Robert Baxter .
but that family always thought they were much bigger potatoes than they really were .
all the old scandals of three generations were dragged out of their graves and aired .
and the meetings we had to try to settle the question !
Cornelia , will you ever forget the one when old Luther Burns got up and made a speech ?
we held ONE meeting and elected a committee and canvassed for subscriptions .
we got them , too .
Miss Cornelia glared at him .
even you can't defend his wife .
he never said a word till they got near home .
his second wife could manage him .
she made him walk Spanish , believe me !
his pigs got the cream and his children got the skim milk .
Gilbert went out to the kitchen in response to Anne 's beckoning .
Anne shut the door and gave him a connubial lecture .
dinner is ready now , and , Gilbert , DON'T let Mrs Rachel carve the geese .
Gilbert carved the geese beautifully .
even Mrs Rachel had to admit that .
thank you for a beautiful Christmas , Mistress Blythe .
bring Master Davy down to the light some night before he goes home .
NEW YEAR'S EVE AT THE LIGHT
there was no soft blending , or kind obscurity , or elusive mistiness in that searching glitter .
Anne smiled in the soft twilight ; she felt quite sure what the mystic shadow promised her .
they found Marshall Elliott at the lighthouse .
at first Anne felt inclined to resent the intrusion of this long-haired , long-bearded eccentric into the familiar little circle .
but Marshall Elliott soon proved his legitimate claim to membership in the household of Joseph .
they were all glad when he agreed to watch the old year out with them .
Joe does love to get down here for a night , because I have him sleep with me .
at home he has to sleep with the other two boys , and he doesn't like it .
as for the questions he asks , the minister himself couldn't answer them .
as for his imagination , it sails away from everything .
he makes up the most remarkable yarns and then his mother shuts him up in the closet for telling stories .
the hours bloomed into mirth around the driftwood fire .
he had been a noted dancer in his youth .
presently he started up and held out his hands to Leslie .
instantly she responded .
Anne watched her in fascinated admiration .
she had never seen her like this .
even the aspect of Marshall Elliott , with his long beard and hair , could not spoil the picture .
on the contrary , it seemed to enhance it .
Captain Jim hung his fiddle up in its place , beside a large frame enclosing several banknotes .
they 're old Bank of P E Island notes .
hullo , Matey , don't be scared .
you can come back now .
the music and revelry is over for tonight .
the old year has just another hour to stay with us .
Captain Jim shook his head .
Tennyson spoke truth when he said that .
there 's old Mrs Wallace up at the Glen .
but when she takes a sick spell there 's a fuss !
they spent the old year 's last hour quietly around the fire .
a few minutes before twelve Captain Jim rose and opened the door .
Outside was a fine blue night .
a sparkling ribbon of moonlight garlanded the gulf .
inside the bar the harbor shone like a pavement of pearl .
the clock on the little shelf above the fireplace struck twelve .
a FOUR WINDS WINTER
winter set in vigorously after New Year 's .
big , white drifts heaped themselves about the little house , and palms of frost covered its windows .
the harbor ice grew harder and thicker , until the Four Winds people began their usual winter travelling over it .
on moonlit nights Anne heard them in her house of dreams like fairy chimes .
the gulf froze over , and the Four Winds light flashed no more .
during the months when navigation was closed Captain Jim 's office was a sinecure .
the First Mate might get poisoned or chewed up by dogs at the Glen .
they were very good comrades in their rambles and their fireside communings .
the barrier between you is her experience of sorrow and trouble .
there hasn't been any TRAGEDY in your life , Mistress Blythe .
and poor Leslie 's has been almost ALL tragedy .
I would understand .
and it hurts me , Captain Jim .
I can't blame her , when I know what she has to put up with .
I don't know why it 's permitted .
sometimes things seem to work out real proper-like , same as with you and the doctor .
THAT'S something a clumsy old sailor 's tongue mustn't meddle with .
but you 've helped Leslie a lot she 's a different creature since you come to Four Winds .
Leslie looked at her with hard , bitter , unfriendly eyes .
and without another word she had turned and gone across the fields homeward .
Anne was deeply hurt ; for the moment she felt as if she could never like Leslie again .
Anne found it after she was gone and opened it wonderingly .
Leslie 's gift was not alone in the little house .
Captain Jim was the most frequent guest of the little house , and none was more welcome .
he was as refreshing as a sea breeze , as interesting as some ancient chronicle .
nothing ever seemed to put Captain Jim out or depress him in any way .
it 's great fun thinking they can't last .
he needed no coaxing to show it and proudly gave it to her to read .
it was an old leather-bound book filled with the record of his voyages and adventures .
every sentence was a nugget .
Anne said something of this to Gilbert as they walked home .
Anne shook her head .
I only wish I could .
but it 's not in the power of my gift .
a rare combination of gifts is needed .
Paul might do it if he were older .
the land was tender with brand-new , golden-green , baby leaves .
there was an emerald mist on the woods beyond the Glen .
the seaward valleys were full of fairy mists at dawn .
vibrant winds came and went with salt foam in their breath .
the herring schooled and the fishing village woke to life .
the harbor was alive with white sails making for the channel .
they don't trouble me at other times .
I favor the smell of sweet-grass .
the schoolmaster 's bride always kept it among her handkerchiefs .
you might put that little bunch among yours , Mistress Blythe .
Just now my garden is like faith the substance of things hoped for .
but Miss Cornelia and Captain Jim came very often to the little house .
Miss Cornelia was the joy of Anne 's and Gilbert 's existence .
they laughed side-splittingly over her speeches after every visit .
Anne once reproached the Captain for his baiting of Miss Cornelia .
that tongue of hers would blister a stone .
Captain Jim came along another evening to bring Anne some mayflowers .
the garden was full of the moist , scented air of a maritime spring evening .
the mellow chime drifted through the dusk to mingle with the soft spring-moan of the sea .
Captain Jim 's mayflowers added the last completing touch to the charm of the night .
I took a little trip today to the Land-of-nothing-to-do , and hunted these up for you .
I stayed all the afternoon and talked to him .
heretics are wicked , but they 're mighty int'resting .
mind you , I believe what I was brought up to believe .
a pessimist is one who never expects to find anything to suit him .
Captain Jim suddenly became grave .
it 's there , and it 's working .
oh , Anne , I wish I could write like you , believe ME .
their father , old Abram Booth , was a disgusting old sot .
such a waste !
Susan had been up to the Glen to make a sick call , and had just returned .
Susan sighed .
Captain Jim and Gilbert looked at each other .
then they suddenly rose and went out .
the June night was short ; but it seemed an eternity to those who waited and watched .
Gilbert , his face gray and haggard from his night 's agony , came down to tell Marilla and Susan .
Susan got up and took the cotton wool out of her ears .
you tell young Mrs Doctor not to worry about a single thing Susan is at the helm .
Gilbert smiled rather sadly as he went away .
she thought of nothing else .
oh , Marilla , I thought I was happy before .
how can she bear it , Miss Cuthbert ?
I am afraid it will kill her .
she has been that built up and happy , longing for that baby , and planning for it .
Gilbert says there is no hope .
and it opened its big eyes as if it was months old .
at sunset the little soul that had come with the dawning went away , leaving heartbreak behind it .
Leslie had asked her to do that .
then she took it back and laid it beside the poor , broken , tear-blinded little mother .
then she went away , leaving Anne and Gilbert alone together with their dead .
Little Joy was never to sleep there ; she had found a colder , narrower bed .
she was a mother for one beautiful day .
she was afraid that the dignified Miss Cuthbert would think Leslie quite terrible .
a letter from Phil Blake was an added sting .
and how do you know it was God 's will ?
perhaps it was just a thwarting of His purpose by the Power of Evil .
I know you find it hard to think so , just now .
he 's so worried about you .
but we all love you , Anne .
Susan doesn't like it very well .
oh , everybody has been so dear and good and lovely to me , Marilla .
then she sighed .
now she dreaded it .
when she was alone now she felt so dreadfully alone .
if it wasn't for our dreams they might as well bury us .
and that 's a dream that 's BOUND to come true , Mistress Blythe .
they were both silent for a little time .
then Captain Jim said very softly :
it 's because I want somebody to remember and think of her sometime after I 'm gone .
I can't bear that her name should be forgotten by all living souls .
but to Captain Jim those fifty years were but as yesterday when it is past .
but I 'll find her sometime , Mistress Blythe I 'll find her sometime .
she 's waiting for me .
I wish I could tell you jest how she looked , but I can't .
and when there 's a storm and the waves are sobbing and moaning I hear her lamenting among them .
the sea took her from me , but some day I 'll find her .
I know you 'll never forget her , Mistress Blythe .
they were sitting among the blue-eyed grasses on the bank of the brook in Anne 's garden .
the sun was beginning to be low , and the air was full of woven music .
Anne loved that bell , though it brought sorrowful thoughts now .
but that other horrid feeling was always there , spoiling it , back in my heart .
THAT was what stung .
Leslie was trembling and growing almost incoherent with the violence of her emotion .
Leslie clasped her brown , work-hardened hands tightly together to still their shaking .
you were driving your geese down the hill .
that was why I never went to see you .
I knew quite well I ought to go even our simple Four Winds customs demanded that .
but I couldn't .
and it hurt me .
and yet in another way I wanted to go over .
and then you remember that night at the shore ?
you were afraid I would think you crazy .
I had had a hard day .
dick had been very very hard to manage that day .
generally he is quite good-natured and easily controlled , you know , Anne .
but some days he is very different .
it was my only refuge .
oh , my heart was full of black thoughts !
and then you came dancing along the cove like a glad , light-hearted child .
and yet I craved your friendship .
but it 's always been just the same when I came over here .
sometimes I 'd be happy and enjoy my visit .
and at other times that hideous feeling would mar it all .
there were times when everything about you and your house hurt me .
you had so many dear little things I couldn't have .
there were times when I wanted to catch up Gog and Magog and bang their pert black noses together !
oh , you smile , Anne but it was never funny to me .
oh , Anne , I don't believe I 'm jealous and envious by nature .
you are NOT hateful or jealous or envious .
that time you told me of your darling hope for the spring was the worst of all , Anne .
I shall never forgive myself for the way I behaved then .
I don't think I 'll ever feel that dreadful way about you again .
your perfect happiness isn't a barrier any longer .
now , we 'll just shut up the past and forget what was unpleasant in it .
it 's all going to be different .
we 're both of the race of Joseph now .
Leslie shook her head .
this is something you can't understand , you happy bride .
Anne , it seems to me that ever since I was twelve years old life has been bitter .
before that I had a happy childhood .
we were very poor but we didn't mind .
father was so splendid so clever and loving and sympathetic .
we were chums as far back as I can remember .
and mother was so sweet .
I used just to look up at her in worship .
Anne remembered that Miss Cornelia had given her a very different impression of Leslie 's mother .
and he was cruelly killed .
he fell on his back .
Anne Anne I can see it now .
I shall always see it .
after a moment 's struggle , Leslie regained a measure of self-control .
but I was very ambitious .
I meant to teach and earn my way through college .
I meant to climb to the very top oh , I won't talk of that either .
it 's no use .
you know what happened .
but mother COULDN'T leave her home .
she died and then I was alone .
I was only seventeen and I was alone .
Dick had gone off in the Four Sisters .
I hoped he wouldn't be home very much more .
the sea had always been in his blood .
I had no other hope .
her face was very sweet .
they clasped hands and smiled at each other through the tears that filled the gray eyes and the blue .
MISS CORNELIA ARRANGES MATTERS
Gilbert insisted that Susan should be kept on at the little house for the summer .
it spoils it a little to have anyone else .
Susan is a dear soul , but she is an outsider .
I don't mean that it shall be true in my household .
Susan is at the helm .
there is no use in keeping a dog and doing your own barking .
I would have married one if I could .
is it not funny nobody ever asked me to marry him , Mrs Doctor , dear ?
I am no beauty , but I am as good-looking as most of the married women you see .
but I never had a beau .
Susan nodded .
I cannot feel resigned THEN .
Miss Cornelia dropped in that afternoon , puffing a little .
do I smell cherry pie ?
Miss Cornelia stared at him for a moment .
by the time I got down they were gone .
I couldn't understand how they had disappeared so quick , but Captain Jim has enlightened me .
Captain Jim laughed and went away , regretfully declining an invitation to stay to supper and partake of cherry pie .
she wanted me to take a friend of hers for the summer .
John Selwyn 's oldest daughter married an Ontario man named Ford , and this is her son .
he wants to see the old place his grandparents lived in .
he doesn't want to go to the hotel he just wants a quiet home place .
I can't take him , for I have to be away in August .
I 've been appointed a delegate to the W.F.M.S. convention in Kingsport and I 'm going .
what a nice time you will have .
she has just about worked herself to death .
Tom Holt can crochet beautifully , but he can't make a living for his family .
Anne smiled .
there was not a happier household in Glen St Mary than the Holts ' .
Miss Cornelia returned satisfied from the house up the brook .
they 've strayed away .
he 's hardly ever home except for a few hours in the wee sma's .
he 's really working himself to death .
ever since Dr Blythe brought Mrs Allonby round folks think he can raise the dead .
I believe Dr Dave is a mite jealous just like a man .
he thinks Dr Blythe has too many new-fangled notions !
it 's getting past Leslie 's skill .
she 'll have more to do when her boarder comes .
I hope he 'll be a decent creature .
nevertheless , she looked forward to the advent of Owen Ford with a pleasant sense of expectation .
if he were young and likeable he might prove a very pleasant addition to society in Four Winds .
the latch-string of the little house was always out for the race of Joseph .
one evening Miss Cornelia telephoned down to Anne .
it 's shorter than driving round by the other road , and I 'm in a mortal hurry .
Mrs Reese is always so careless , and then expects other people to mend her mistakes .
besides , I want that strawberry pie for my own poor man .
Susan is at the helm .
I am choice about ears .
my mother was born and spent her childhood here , you know .
she used to talk a great deal to me of her old home .
he will be as eager to see you as you could be to see him .
your grandmother shines like a star in his memory .
but I think Mrs Moore is expecting you .
a boat-load of people were singing far across the harbor .
the sound drifted over the water like faint , unearthly music wind-blown across a starlit sea .
the big light flashed and beaconed .
Owen Ford looked around him with satisfaction .
I shall get as strong as a horse in no time .
I 've never been able to get the right central idea for it .
perhaps amid this peace and loveliness , I shall be able to capture it .
I haven't done much since I was married .
Owen Ford laughed too .
a newspaper man doesn't have much chance for that sort of thing .
an idea whisked through Anne 's brain with a suddenness that made her jump .
but she did not utter it , for they had reached the Moore house .
she stood just where the warm yellow light flooded her from the open door .
she wore a plain dress of cheap , cream-tinted cotton voile , with the usual girdle of crimson .
Leslie was never without her touch of crimson .
Leslie 's dress was cut a little away at the neck and had short sleeves .
her arms gleamed like ivory-tinted marble .
every exquisite curve of her form was outlined in soft darkness against the light .
her hair shone in it like flame .
Anne heard her companion give a gasp .
even in the dusk she could see the amazement and admiration on his face .
she 's just a very beautiful woman , as human as the rest of us .
I hope you won't mind Dick .
it would hurt her horribly .
I don't suppose I 'll be much in the house anyhow , except for meals .
Leslie had gone back into the house and now met them at the front door .
THE LIFE-BOOK OF CAPTAIN JIM
he had returned earlier than she had expected , and was enjoying Susan 's cherry pie .
two nights later Anne took Owen Ford down to Four Winds Point to introduce him to Captain Jim .
he himself had just returned from a trip over the harbor .
everybody else was afraid to tell him .
Henry and me are old cronies we sailed in the Gray Gull for years together .
I was too astonished to speak , and Henry , he chuckled .
I 've been keeping up for the wife 's sake .
they 'd been so scared to tell him and he knew it all the time .
it was well no ladies were around .
Fin'lly he declared he couldn't stand it and I had no bowels of compassion .
another odd yarn and true as gospel .
I was in the boat myself .
we went out , him and me , in Alexander MacAllister 's boat one morning at sunrise .
you know old Father Chiniquy had turned Protestant , so the Catholics hadn't much use for him .
you will catch a t'ousand dis afternoon .
Curious , wasn't it ?
Captain Jim shook his head .
Captain Jim sprang up .
Captain Jim swooped down on Owen Ford and shook his hand over again .
Lord , but you 're welcome !
Many 's the time I 've wondered where the descendants of the schoolmaster were living .
I knew there was none on the Island .
no baby ever brought more joy !
I 've dandled her a hundred times .
can't I see her mother 's face watching her and it was near sixty years ago .
you don't know yet what a boon THAT is .
he gazed at him as at a superior being .
Captain Jim knew that Anne wrote , but he had never taken that fact very seriously .
a writing woman never knows when to stop ; that 's the trouble .
this was Captain Jim 's best story .
other tales followed , for Captain Jim had an audience after his own heart .
he 's always wanting stories .
you 've got to be mighty careful what you tell them little critters .
there 's a wind coming .
did you notice the sky tonight ?
Owen Ford accepted the offer of the life-book gladly .
on their way home Anne told him the story of lost Margaret .
why , the man had more adventures in one week of his life than most of us have in a lifetime .
he 's one of the last of the old type of P.E . Island sea-captains .
THE WRITING OF THE BOOK
Owen Ford came over to the little house the next morning in a state of great excitement .
he was also pleased that the story of lost Margaret should be woven into it .
oh , we 'll write a famous book between us , Captain Jim .
I thought there was nobody like him .
I see now why I had to wait so long .
as for Captain Jim , he was a happy man that summer .
he looked upon the little room where Owen worked as a sacred shrine .
Owen talked everything over with Captain Jim , but he would not let him see the manuscript .
he delved into the treasures of the life-book and used them freely .
as the book progressed it took possession of him and he worked at it with feverish eagerness .
Anne fairly hugged herself with delight over the success of her idea .
Owen Ford wrote in the mornings .
the afternoons were generally spent in some merry outing with the Blythes .
ever since the day on which she had made her confession to Anne Leslie had been a changed creature .
there was no trace of her old coldness and reserve , no shadow of her old bitterness .
there were hours when Anne 's eyes seemed to ache with the splendor of her .
I wrote the last sentence this morning .
Owen had not much doubt that he would find a publisher .
and his thoughts were not of the good work he had done .
OWEN FORD'S CONFESSION
she was sitting beside the garden brook on the little rustic seat Gilbert had built .
Owen Ford stood before her , leaning against the bronze column of a yellow birch .
he was very pale and his face bore the marks of the preceding sleepless night .
had he worked too hard over his book ?
she remembered that for a week he had not been looking well .
there is something I must tell somebody , or I think it will drive me mad .
I 've been trying for a week to look it in the face and I can't .
I know I can trust you and , besides , you will understand .
a woman with eyes like yours always understands .
you are one of the folks people instinctively tell things to .
Mrs Blythe , I love Leslie .
his voice suddenly broke with the suppressed passion of his utterance .
he turned his head away and hid his face on his arm .
his whole form shook .
Anne sat looking at him , pale and aghast .
she had never thought of this !
and yet how was it she had never thought of it ?
she wondered at her own blindness .
elsewhere in the world human passions might set at defiance human conventions and laws but not HERE , surely .
oh , SOMEBODY should have thought of this !
why hadn't Miss Cornelia thought of it ?
Miss Cornelia was always ready enough to sound the alarm where men were concerned .
no matter who was to blame the mischief was done .
it was for Leslie Anne felt most concerned .
the moment the question crossed her lips she felt that she should not have asked it .
Owen Ford answered it with overeager protest .
he sat down on the grassy bank and stared moodily into the amber water beneath him .
then I 'll pay my board money like any honest boarder and go !
oh , it 's very simple .
Anne flinched with the pain of his voice .
and there was so little she could say that would be adequate to the situation .
blame was out of the question advice was not needed sympathy was mocked by the man 's stark agony .
she could only feel with him in a maze of compassion and regret .
her heart ached for Leslie !
THAT is the worst of all .
I would give my life to make her happy and I can do nothing even to help her nothing .
it drives me mad to think of it .
but I must go through my life , never seeing her , but always knowing what she is enduring .
I 've angled all summer to evoke that laugh , just for the delight of hearing it .
I never saw such blueness and gold !
it 's burning , searing pain to love her and leave her but not to have loved her is unthinkable .
they are not meant to be spoken only felt and endured .
I shouldn't have spoken but it has helped some .
silence and twilight fell over the garden .
far away the sea was lapping gently and monotonously on the bar .
what is the reason that pain like this seems inseparable from perfection ?
Miss Cornelia personated the comedy that ever peeps around the corner at the tragedy of life .
Anne , whose nerves had been rather strained , laughed hysterically , and even Owen smiled .
certainly , sentiment and passion had a way of shrinking out of sight in Miss Cornelia 's presence .
but sleep was far from her eyes that night .
ON THE SAND BAR
Owen Ford left Four Winds the next morning .
in the evening Anne went over to see Leslie , but found nobody .
the house was locked and there was no light in any window .
it looked like a home left soulless .
the calls of unseen gulls overhead were the cries of the souls of doomed seamen .
the little curls of foam that blew across the sand were elfin things stealing up from the sea-caves .
the big , round-shouldered sand-dunes were the sleeping giants of some old northern tale .
something loomed in the mist before her took shape and form suddenly moved towards her across the wave-rippled sand .
the effort was a failure .
I rowed myself over the channel in Captain Jim 's flat .
I 've been here for an hour .
I can't stand still .
I 've been such a fool , Anne and oh , it hurts so terribly to be a fool .
she laughed bitterly .
Anne slipped her arm around her .
Leslie turned herself about passionately .
oh , is it written in my face for everyone to see ?
it just came into my mind , somehow .
then then I knew .
I felt as if someone had struck me a terrible blow .
I didn't say anything I couldn't speak but I don't know what I looked like .
I 'm so afraid my face betrayed me .
Anne was miserably silent , hampered by her deductions from her conversation with Owen .
Leslie went on feverishly , as if she found relief in speech .
I know now why everything was so different .
and now it 's all over and he has gone .
how can I live , Anne ?
besides , she remembered how well-meant speeches had hurt her in her own sorrow and was afraid .
when he went away yesterday morning he was so cold and indifferent .
she was racked between her sympathy for Leslie and the necessity of avoiding anything that would betray Owen 's confidence .
but I 'm glad YOU know .
sometimes I feel as if those terrible , kind brown eyes of hers read my very soul .
I don't see how I can go on with life .
this summer has been so full .
I never was lonely for a moment .
oh , yes , I 've been a fool .
let's have done talking about my folly .
don't mind my hateful speeches .
it 's one of my forms of recreation , especially when there 's some original poetry attached to them .
who says we haven't any poetical talent on the Island !
it 's kind of pitiful .
here 's ten obituaries , and every one of them saints and models , even the men .
I just wish I had the writing of the obituaries of some people .
there 's only one uglier word that I know of , and that 's RELICT .
it always made me think of something worn out and moth eaten .
why is it that so many of the words connected with death are so disagreeable ?
I hadn't any use for him from the start .
I felt in my bones that there was something wrong with him .
he brothered and sistered everybody .
he had a large circle of relations , that man had .
THAT squelched him , believe ME .
but this Fiske-man wasn't one of them .
Fiske had asked all who were Christians to stand up . I didn't , believe me !
I never had any use for that sort of thing .
nobody stirred for a spell , so Fiske started up a hymn at the top of his voice .
Just in front of me poor little Ikey Baker was sitting in the Millison pew .
he was a home boy , ten years old , and Millison just about worked him to death .
poor child , he never had time to think of anything but his tired , overworked little body .
I 'd have done it too , believe ME .
Mrs Charley had been out in California all winter .
she 'd been real melancholy in the fall religious melancholy it ran in her family .
so when Rose Douglas got that way Charley packed her off to visit her sister in Los Angeles .
that had been one of Fiske 's ideas , and he had got Henry Hammond to paint it .
Rose just gave a shriek and fainted ; and when they got her home she was worse than ever .
and I 've known Leslie since she was a baby .
I 'll never forgive myself for being the means of bringing him here .
but she never spoke of him to Anne , or mentioned that night on the sand-bar .
one day her old dog died and she grieved bitterly over him .
he left him with me when he sailed on the Four Sisters .
when I heard that Dick was coming back I was afraid Carlo wouldn't be so much mine .
but he never seemed to care for Dick , though he had been so fond of him once .
he would snap and growl at him as if he were a stranger .
I was glad .
it was nice to have one thing whose love was all mine .
that old dog has been such a comfort to me , Anne .
he seemed pretty well this morning .
Leslie shook her head .
I don't feel like having another dog yet .
I don't seem to have any affection left for another .
perhaps in time I 'll let you give me one .
I really need one as a kind of protection .
Anne went to Avonlea a week before Christmas and stayed until after the holidays .
but Captain Jim had shovelled out doors and paths , and Miss Cornelia had come down and kindled the hearth-fire .
but did you ever see such drifts ?
you can't see the Moore place at all unless you go upstairs .
she 's almost buried alive over there .
fortunately Dick can shovel snow , and thinks it 's great fun .
Susan sent me word to tell you she would be on hand tomorrow .
he 's not far from his end and he 's lonesome .
Captain Jim went out , but remembered something in the yard and turned back for a moment .
GILBERT AND ANNE DISAGREE
he leaned back in his chair and gazed meditatively out of the window .
not even the sunset could redeem the dead , sodden landscape and rotten black harbor ice upon which he looked .
was he a family crow , with a black but comely crow wife awaiting him in the woods beyond the Glen ?
whatever he was , he soon disappeared in congenial gloom and Gilbert turned to the cheerier view indoors .
but he still looked upon Anne with the incredulous eyes of a lover .
he couldn't wholly believe yet that she was really his .
Anne looked across at him through the fire-lit gloom .
I really haven't done anything naughty today .
I 've always thought Dick was a very interesting case from a medical point of view .
lately I 've been studying the history of trephining and the cases where it has been employed .
Anne 's voice was full of protest .
you couldn't be so cruel .
just stop and think !
it 's unthinkable .
don't you meddle with the matter .
uncle Dave told Leslie twelve years ago that nothing could be done for Dick .
and he could not be blamed for other people 's discussion of it .
Gilbert felt rather hurt .
it was their first approach to a quarrel .
but Anne flew after him and dragged him back .
Anne checked herself just in time .
she had been on the very verge of betraying Leslie 's secret .
nobody could be sure of such a thing .
there may have been lesions of the brain itself , the effect of which can never be removed .
it will cost a great deal .
she will have to borrow the money , or sell her little property .
but it is my duty to tell her .
here is a man who is a helpless burden .
his wife doesn't know this .
it is therefore my duty to tell her that there is such a possibility .
consult somebody else .
but I am not the keeper of his conscience .
this is no affair for Miss Cornelia to settle .
and then she laughed in spite of herself .
it sounded so like an echo of Miss Cornelia .
but she thought of it incessantly .
no , after all , I cannot .
one evening Gilbert abruptly proposed that they go down and see Captain Jim .
with a sinking heart Anne agreed , and they set forth .
neither was Gilbert .
their usual good-comradeship and Josephian community of taste and viewpoint were sadly lacking .
Gilbert 's mouth was set in all the Blythe obstinacy , but his eyes were troubled .
altogether , both were glad when they reached the light and remorseful that they should be glad .
Captain Jim put away the fishing net upon which he was working , and welcomed them joyfully .
in the searching light of the spring evening he looked older than Anne had ever seen him .
his hair had grown much grayer , and the strong old hand shook a little .
but his blue eyes were clear and steady , and the staunch soul looked out through them gallant and unafraid .
Captain Jim listened in amazed silence while Gilbert said what he had come to say .
Captain Jim shook his head .
I agree with the doctor .
if there 's a chance for Dick , Leslie should be told of it .
the following evening he went to the house up the brook .
Anne wandered dismally around until his return .
Gilbert flung himself wearily into the easy chair before the fire .
he looked tired .
it had not been an easy thing for him to tell Leslie .
now , when the die was cast , he was beset with doubts of his own wisdom .
I won't be any more .
but he was not wholly comforted .
some instinct made Anne keep away from Leslie for the next three days .
she was very pale and seemed to have wrapped herself in her old mantle of aloofness .
when Leslie had got the information she wanted she went home .
Anne wanted to walk part of the way with her .
her sense of duty is very strong .
that is one of her cardinal rules .
and you are right .
a week later Miss Cornelia descended like an avalanche upon the little house .
Gilbert was away and Anne was compelled to bear the shock of the impact alone .
Miss Cornelia hardly waited to get her hat off before she began .
Long was the fray , but Miss Cornelia made an end at last .
HE'S happy enough .
it was sent on him for a punishment .
it may not have been in a drunken brawl at all .
if that 's so I 'll hold my tongue .
I don't propose to wear MY teeth out gnawing files .
when a thing has to be I give in to it .
now , I 'll devote MY energies to comforting and sustaining Leslie .
THE TRUTH MAKES FREE
Leslie never attempted to discuss it .
the old jokes and laughter and chumminess of common things could not reach her over it .
Anne refused to feel hurt .
when one great passion seizes possession of the soul all other feelings are crowded aside .
never in all her life had Leslie Moore shuddered away from the future with more intolerable terror .
the financial question was settled with greater ease than Anne had feared .
he said as much to me .
so it will be all right as far as THAT goes .
I wish everything else might be settled as satisfactorily .
the devil was in him , believe ME !
Leslie and I couldn't get on with our work for the tricks he 'd play .
he chased all her ducks one day around the yard till most of them died .
sometimes , you know , he 'll make himself quite handy , bringing in pails of water and wood .
but this week if we sent him to the well he 'd try to climb down into it .
ANYBODY would have thought the same .
Leslie took Dick to Montreal early in May .
Gilbert went with her , to help her , and make the necessary arrangements for her .
Anne only sighed .
Leslie had been very distant at their parting .
but she had promised to write .
ten days after Gilbert 's return the letter came .
Leslie wrote that the operation had been successfully performed and that Dick was making a good recovery .
the operation has been performed and followed by normal results .
his memory would not be likely to return to him all at once .
the process will be gradual , if it occurs at all .
it 's very short .
poor girl , she must be under a terrible strain .
she even told me that the Methodist doctor over the harbor was to be preferred before me .
and then she would likely say your bill was past all reason .
no further word came from Leslie for some time .
one day in late May Gilbert came home to be met by Susan in the stable yard .
you know it is not good for her to be on her feet so much , doctor , dear .
Gilbert hurried rather anxiously to the garden .
had anything happened at Green Gables ?
her eyes were their grayest , and scarlet spots burned on her cheeks .
Anne gave a queer little laugh .
oh , Gilbert , you were right so right .
Redmond would be ashamed of you .
I 'll try to tell you .
MISS CORNELIA DISCUSSES THE AFFAIR
she took off her hat with trembling fingers .
for once in her life Miss Cornelia was undeniably staggered .
the truth has made her free .
since I got your phone I 've been in a regular muddle , believe ME .
Leslie 's letter was short .
she didn't go into particulars .
this man George Moore has recovered his memory and knows who he is .
he says Dick took yellow fever in Cuba , and the Four Sisters had to sail without him .
George stayed behind to nurse him .
but he died very shortly afterwards .
it probably happened very soon after Dick 's death .
she has written to his people in Nova Scotia .
it seems that George 's only near relative is a married sister much older than himself .
it is all coming back to me .
he was here visiting his Uncle Abner eighteen years ago , when he and Dick would be about seventeen .
they were double cousins , you see .
they played lots of tricks on people and thought it great fun , the two scamps .
Dick had higher color than George , and his hair was a shade lighter .
they weren't much alike in any other way , though .
but everybody liked him better than Dick .
he spent about a month here .
I don't suppose either he or Leslie had ever heard about the Nova Scotia cousin looking so much like Dick .
nobody ever thought of him when Captain Jim brought Dick George , I should say home .
of course , we all thought Dick had changed considerable he 'd got so lumpish and fat .
and there was no other way we could have guessed , for the man 's senses were clean gone .
I can't see that it is any wonder we were all deceived .
but it 's a staggering thing .
oh , drat the men !
no matter what they do , it 's the wrong thing .
and no matter who they are , it 's somebody they shouldn't be .
it 's the first time in my life I 've ever felt ashamed of anything I said to a man .
I don't know as I shall tell him so , though .
he 'll just have to take it for granted .
I 've been praying hard right along that the operation wouldn't cure Dick .
you really wished that things shouldn't be made any harder for Leslie .
I think that , like ourselves , she hardly realises it yet .
we both know Leslie was fond of him .
somehow , this was a thing she could not discuss with Miss Cornelia .
but she would not desecrate it by free speech .
it must be very strange for him , poor fellow .
we never knew you were coming .
why didn't you write ?
Anne put her arms about Leslie and kissed her .
Leslie returned the kiss warmly .
George Moore 's sister came to Montreal and took him home with her .
it was all very hard for him .
Anne , I seem stunned yet .
I 'm not glad or sorry or ANYTHING .
I feel as if something had been torn suddenly out of my life and left a terrible hole .
when I think of that , I wish that I need not have come home at all .
Dr Dave was at the station when I came off the train he brought me home .
I told him not to do that he had done what he thought right .
he went out for a walk on the evening after Dick was buried .
he admits he went to a place where the sailors resorted and he remembers drinking and nothing else .
Anne , I shall never forget the moment he remembered his own name .
who are you ?
and my name is not Dick .
I am George Moore , and Dick died of yellow fever yesterday !
where am I ?
Just now I feel too tired and indifferent to think about the future .
I miss Dick .
I supposed then that it was just because his accident had made him so helpless and changed .
but now I believe it was because there was really a different personality there .
Carlo knew it , Anne I know now that Carlo knew it .
dogs are usually so faithful .
I had never seen George Moore , you know .
you see , it never occurred to me to question Dick 's identity .
I can never forget it .
I was still chained to the cage but I was not in it .
I didn't blame Gilbert .
I felt he was right .
but I knew how I ought to decide and I couldn't face it .
all night I walked the floor like a mad woman , trying to compel myself to face it .
it was very wicked , I know .
I kept to it all day .
that afternoon I had to go up to the Glen to do some shopping .
it was one of Dick 's quiet , drowsy days , so I left him alone .
he felt lonely .
somehow , Anne , I just gave way then .
that smile on his poor vacant face was more than I could endure .
I felt as if I were denying a child the chance to grow and develop .
I knew that I must give him his chance , no matter what the consequences might be .
so I came over and told Gilbert .
oh , Anne , you must have thought me hateful in those weeks before I went away .
I find one doesn't get over being a fool very quickly .
sometimes I think there are people who are fools forever .
Leslie laid her splendid golden head against Anne 's knee .
THE SHIP O'DREAMS COMES TO HARBOR
the stork was tired , and he looked wistfully about him .
he knew he was somewhere near his destination , but he could not yet see it .
then the stork brightened up .
the stork gave a sigh of satisfaction , and softly alighted on the ridge-pole .
half an hour later Gilbert ran down the hall and tapped on the spare-room door .
nobody was called until about two hours ago .
he weighs ten pounds and why , listen to him .
the nurse says his hair will be red .
that was a wonderful day in the little house of dreams .
he has his own place , my dear , wee man-child .
but little Joy has hers , and always will have it .
if she had lived she would have been over a year old .
I can see her so plainly , Marilla .
I 've learned THAT this past year .
oh , Marilla , LOOK at his dear , darling toes !
I 'm sure he knows me already .
he cries when the nurse takes him away .
just look at their shape and they are set right back against his precious head .
Anne 's convalescence was rapid and happy .
Miss Cornelia nursed it as knackily as could any mother in Israel .
Gilbert smiled .
he is so delighted over the fact that we have given his name to our small lad .
quite a combination , isn't it ?
and I 'm glad you haven't had much trouble picking on a name .
some folks have an awful time .
and each tried to see if it couldn't howl the other down .
mother told me to pray for one and pray I did , believe ME .
I was so excited and delighted I just flew upstairs .
and old Mrs Flagg lifted up the baby for me to see .
and after that I just worshipped him .
mother died before he was three years old and I was sister and mother to him both .
poor little lad , he was never strong , and he died when he wasn't much over twenty .
Miss Cornelia sighed .
YOU know what that means .
POLITICS AT FOUR WINDS
Miss Cornelia did not approve of his mixing up in politics and told Anne so .
Dr Blythe will find he is making a mistake , believe ME .
instead , let's look at Little Jem .
just see the dimples in his elbows .
the air there is blue these days .
this side is peaceful and calm , seeing there 's so few men .
Miss Cornelia was mistaken .
on the morning after the election Captain Jim dropped in at the little house to tell the news .
Cornelia is a Tory , too .
you Grits have been cold and hungry for many a year .
ah , Susan , have YOU heard the news ?
it was quite a tragedy .
suppose he cried ?
suppose Susan did not know just exactly what to do for him ?
Susan was calm and serene .
why , I looked after three pairs of twins , when I was a child , Susan .
when they cried , I gave them peppermint or castor oil quite coolly .
oh , was it really wise to go ?
Susan is not the woman to burn a wee man .
her replies were frosty , and as few as decency required .
who was the creature ?
there was something vaguely familiar about him but she was certain she had never seen him before .
WHY didn't he tell me ?
don't worry over snubbing him he 'll think it fun .
yes , Marshall 's shaved off his beard at last and cut his hair .
his party is in , you know .
I didn't know him myself first time I saw him .
of course , all the Tories were over in Raymond Russell 's store .
not much cheering THERE .
Marshall went straight down the street to the side door of Augustus Palmer 's barber shop .
he vowed he wouldn't shave any man after twelve at night .
Captain Jim had no fish .
he seldom went out in his boat that summer , and his long tramping expeditions were over .
but I wish you could have seen the sunrise this morning .
I 've seen all kinds of sunrises come over that gulf .
but if I could I 'd go out when the morning comes across that water .
Captain Jim had often talked to Anne of lost Margaret since he had told her the old story .
Captain Jim smiled beautifully .
the race of Joseph always remembers one another .
it won't be very long now before lost Margaret calls me , for the last time .
I 'll be all ready to answer .
I can't bear to think of leaving the poor critter to starve , like he was left before .
and now I don't like to see tears in those pretty eyes , Mistress Blythe .
I heard you reading a piece of poetry one day last winter one of Tennyson 's pieces .
the old captain kept time gently with his sinewy hand .
you remember his mother wanted him to be a college professor .
it seems that he has completely lived it down .
even his mother has succumbed .
I always thought that a boy with Jake 's chin and mouth would get his own way in the end .
Diana writes me that Dora has a beau .
Dora 's is Ralph Andrews Jane 's brother .
Anne went off into a shriek of laughter over the recollection of her first proposal .
he is going to sea again in the spring .
it 's in his blood , he says , and he longs for it .
but he told me something that made me glad for him , poor fellow .
before he sailed on the Four Sisters he was engaged to a girl at home .
they are to be married this fall .
how I did fight against Gilbert 's suggestion !
I do not want a wife like John MacAllister 's over the harbor .
Anne and Leslie laughed .
Susan , coming in on the heels of the laughter , echoed it with a resounding sigh .
something has happened , though .
dear me , everything has gone catawampus with me this week .
and there is no doubt that we are born to trouble as the sparks fly upward .
as for Matilda , I do not know what to think of her .
none of our family ever broke their legs before .
I 'm so horribly lonely over there in that big barn of a house .
Anne joyfully agreed , and next day Leslie was installed as an inmate of the little house of dreams .
Miss Cornelia warmly approved of the arrangement .
Owen Ford came to the little house one August evening when Leslie and Anne were absorbed in worshipping the baby .
infants should invariably be addressed in classical language from the moment of their birth .
so should they learn to speak English undefiled from their earliest utterance .
and she had continued to violate it ever since .
when Gilbert teased her she laughed Sir Oracle to scorn .
you just can't help talking baby talk to a baby .
it comes natural and it 's RIGHT .
didn't I bring up three pairs of Hammond twins before I was eleven ?
you and Sir Oracle are nothing but cold-blooded theorists .
Gilbert , JUST look at him !
he 's smiling at me he knows what we 're talking about .
Gilbert put his arm about them .
Leslie was quite as foolish over him as Anne was .
Leslie was the first to become aware of him .
Owen came forward , eagerly , blind for a moment to Anne .
before his call ended she excused herself and went upstairs .
Gilbert looked at Anne .
there 's something going on that I don't understand .
the whole air here tonight has been charged with electricity .
you seem all the time to be bursting with some suppressed excitement .
Anne found Leslie at the dormer window of her room .
the little place was filled with the rhythmic thunder of the sea .
Leslie sat with locked hands in the misty moonshine a beautiful , accusing presence .
you should have told me .
Leslie 's lips were trembling and her whole form was tense with emotion .
but Anne laughed heartlessly .
she bent over and kissed Leslie 's upturned reproachful face .
Owen Ford didn't rush from the Pacific to the Atlantic from a burning desire to see ME .
neither do I believe that he was inspired by any wild and frenzied passion for Miss Cornelia .
take off your tragic airs , my dear friend , and fold them up and put them away in lavender .
you 'll never need them again .
I am not a prophetess , but I shall venture on a prediction .
the bitterness of life is over for you .
the omen of the shadow of Venus did come true for you , Leslie .
the year in which you saw it brought your life 's best gift for you your love for Owen Ford .
MISS CORNELIA MAKES A STARTLING ANNOUNCEMENT
not that Miss Cornelia concerned herself with painted oceans or sun-thirsty lilies .
she sat in her favorite rocker in unusual idleness .
nor did she say a single derogatory word concerning any portion of mankind .
what had come over Miss Cornelia ?
on the contrary , there was a certain air of nervous exultation about her .
I came today on purpose to tell it .
Anne and Gilbert were silent .
this was not .
so they waited .
of course Miss Cornelia had made a mistake .
she was not prepared for such an occasion .
she had never imagined herself offering betrothal felicitations to Miss Cornelia .
Marshall is coming to live at my place .
I 'm sick and tired of hired men .
he would drive anyone to getting married .
what do you think ?
he upset the churn yesterday and spilled a big churning of cream over the yard .
Just gave a foolish laugh and said cream was good for the land .
wasn't that like a man ?
you never saw such a weather-vane .
wasn't that like a man ?
it will be real fun to make him mad .
and you can generally do something with a tempery man when it comes to repenting time .
but at least he is a Presbyterian .
my wedding dress is to be navy blue silk .
I 've always thought I 'd like to wear a veil if I ever got married .
Marshall says to have it if I want to .
but maybe it shouldn't be worn with any dress but a white one .
but Miss Cornelia , who made her calls in calico wrappers , shook her head .
one evening Owen Ford found Leslie alone in it .
Anne and Gilbert were away , and Susan , who was expected back that night , had not yet returned .
the northern sky was amber and pale green over the fir tops .
together they wandered through the little , friendly , flower-crowded paths in silence .
Owen must go soon .
his holiday was nearly over .
Leslie found her heart beating wildly .
it is elusive and haunting and wonderfully sweet .
yet they bloom on every summer .
but I want the crimson ones .
Leslie , you know you understand .
I have loved you from the first .
Anne and Gilbert returned presently , accompanied by Captain Jim .
the old man rose suddenly and placed one hand on Leslie 's head and one on Anne 's .
there was a strange solemnity about the little scene .
Anne and Leslie bowed as those receiving a benediction .
Gilbert suddenly brushed his hand over his eyes ; Owen Ford was rapt as one who can see visions .
all were silent for a space .
the little house of dreams added another poignant and unforgettable moment to its store of memories .
he took up his hat and looked lingeringly about the room .
Anne , pierced by the unusual wistfulness of his farewell , ran to the door after him .
but Captain Jim had sat by the old fireside of the house of dreams for the last time .
Anne went slowly back to the others .
I meant to ask you if I might stay with you .
I did then .
it always seemed to me that if I had been homely Dick would never have thought of me .
it 's all I have to offer Owen , his artist soul delights in it .
who would not ?
HE will tell you that I needn't .
and now I must lock up .
and I am thankful to be back , Mrs Doctor , dear .
she was always a great talker and yet she was the first of our family to get married .
she really did not care much about marrying James Clow , but she could not bear to disoblige him .
it always frightens my appetite clear away .
CAPTAIN JIM CROSSES THE BAR
one day in late September Owen Ford 's book came at last .
Captain Jim had gone faithfully to the Glen post office every day for a month , expecting it .
this day he had not gone , and Leslie brought his copy home with hers and Anne 's .
the long walk to the Point on that clear , beguiling evening along the red harbor road was very pleasant .
Captain Jim had been handling the book in a kind of reverent rapture .
captain Jim moved about getting his kettle on to boil , and setting out his bread and butter .
despite his excitement he did not move with his old briskness .
his movements were slow and halting .
but the girls did not offer to help him .
they knew it would hurt his feelings .
a blessing on all good cooks , says I Look at this purty cake , all frosting and nuts .
set in , girls , set in !
the tea was up to Captain Jim 's best brewing .
she was never to know .
Anne , I 'm afraid there 's something wrong at the Point .
it 's an hour after sunrise now , and the light is still burning .
Anne sat up in dismay .
through her window she saw the light blinking palely against the blue skies of dawn .
Gilbert shook his head .
it was an exquisite morning , full of tints and sounds at once ripe and delicate .
the long fields by the shore were dewy and fresh in that first fine , purely-tinted light .
the wind came dancing and whistling up the channel to replace the beautiful silence with a music more beautiful still .
but they went softly with fear .
Gilbert opened the door and they went in .
the old room was very quiet .
on the table were the remnants of the little evening feast .
the lamp still burned on the corner stand .
the First Mate was asleep in a square of sunshine by the sofa .
Gilbert went to the sofa and bent over him for a few moments .
then he straightened up .
FAREWELL TO THE HOUSE OF DREAMS
but Anne , despite her grief , was wiser .
Cats is cats , and take my word for it , they will never be anything else .
all that I know is , it has happened .
Leslie was busy with sewing , for she and Owen were to be married at Christmas .
Anne wondered what she would do when Leslie was gone .
now that Mr Morgan has gone , Mrs Morgan wants to go to live with her children in Vancouver .
Anne dropped her sewing and stared at him .
I know just how you feel about it .
I feel the same .
we have felt the inconvenience , though we 've made the best of it .
and it 's a tight fit for us now .
the Morgan place is beautiful , and in time we would love it .
I 'm dizzy .
ten minutes ago I had no thought of leaving this dear spot .
and if we leave this place who will get it ?
but we cannot sacrifice our own interests to such considerations , Anne-girl .
the Morgan place will suit us in every essential particular we really can't afford to miss such a chance .
what a play place for our children !
and the pond itself isn't far away .
there is no great hurry , of course .
Gilbert went out , and Anne put away Little Jem 's short dresses with trembling hands .
she could not sew any more that day .
the Morgan place was all that Gilbert claimed .
how could she leave them ?
and now she must leave it .
the little house was outgrown .
she sat down on the stairs and had a long , bitter cry .
Susan found her there and enquired with much concern what the trouble was .
Susan did not enter into Anne 's feelings at all .
her one grievance against her place in the little house was its lonesome location .
there is a corner every way you turn .
besides , it is out-of-the-world down here .
Susan 's point of view seemed to be that of most people .
she had a good cry , too , when she heard the news .
then they both dried their tears and went to work at the preparations for moving .
Anne and Leslie had another cry the next week when they shortened Little Jem .
Anne felt the tragedy of it until evening when in his long nightie she found her own dear baby again .
I have such good news .
it seems almost too good to be true .
why , it 's lovely !
the day was too busy to indulge regret and when evening came the house was stripped and bare .
Anne and Gilbert were alone in it to say farewell .
Leslie and Susan and Little Jem had gone to the Glen with the last load of furniture .
the sunset light streamed in through the curtainless windows .
she was going away ; but the old house would still be there , looking seaward through its quaint windows .
Gilbert was waiting for her with a smile .
the lighthouse star was gleaming northward .
the little garden , where only marigolds still bloomed , was already hooding itself in shadows .
Anne knelt down and kissed the worn old step which she had crossed as a bride .
End of Project Gutenberg 's Anne 's House of Dreams , by Lucy Maud Montgomery
THE YELLOW FAIRY BOOK
JOAN , TODDLES , AND TINY
so labour at your Alphabet , For by that learning shall you get To lands where Fairies may be met .
the Editor thinks that children will readily forgive him for publishing another Fairy Book .
we have had the Blue , the Red , the Green , and here is the Yellow .
( @number@ ) you may buy them from Mr Nutt , in the Strand .
where is the harm ?
Professor Huxley thinks there are none .
as to Giants , they have died out , but real Dwarfs are common in the forests of Africa .
there are Russian , German , French , Icelandic , Red Indian , and other stories here .
THE YELLOW FAIRY BOOK
THE CAT AND THE MOUSE IN PARTNERSHIP
this good counsel was followed , and a little pot of fat was bought .
but it was all untrue .
as soon as it was evening she went home again .
not long after this another great longing came over the Cat .
I have never heard it in my life .
soon the Cat 's mouth began to water once more after her licking business .
the Mouse asked at once after the third child 's name .
she shook her head , curled herself up , and went to sleep .
it has all come out !
you are a true friend to me !
you see that is the way of the world .
he sought a way out , but could find none .
then he saw an old woman with a shaking head coming towards him ; but she was a witch .
but the King went so often to his dear children that the Queen was offended at his absence .
the next day the King came to visit his children , but he found no one but the girl .
and when night came she fled away into the forest .
she ran all through the night and the next day , till she could go no farther for weariness .
then she saw a little hut , went in , and found a room with six little beds .
but when the sun had set she heard a noise , and saw six swans flying in at the window .
then the maiden recognised her brothers , and overjoyed she crept out from under the bed .
but the maiden had determined to free her brothers even if it should cost her her life .
she left the hut , went into the forest , climbed a tree , and spent the night there .
the next morning she went out , collected star-flowers , and began to sew .
but she gave no answer .
but she shook her head silently .
but she answered nothing .
he asked her in all the languages he knew , but she remained as dumb as a fish .
then she went to the King and said that the Queen had killed it .
the six shirts were done ; there was only the left sleeve wanting to the last .
then she knew that her release was at hand and her heart danced for joy .
only the youngest had a swan 's wing instead of his left arm .
but the King and the Queen with their six brothers lived many years in happiness and peace .
after some years he met with a famous Eastern magician , and asked for his advice in the matter .
the magician answered :
at parting the magician said to him .
but time went on , and he heard nothing about the ring .
the first bird said :
they remained on the tree till noon ; then they flew away and went towards the south .
never let my cheek grow pale !
the youth rose and stood waiting .
I chanced to come here after long wandering , and found a good place to sleep under this tree .
when the youth entered he found many splendid chambers , each one finer than the last .
hundreds of tapers burnt upon golden candlesticks , and shed a light like the brightest day .
at length they reached a chamber where a table was spread with the most costly dishes .
the maiden seated herself upon the golden chair , and offered the silver one to her companion .
it is a precious gold ring .
but even with my half-knowledge I can work great wonders .
besides these , the ring has other secret signs which , as I said , no one can understand .
no doubt it contains secrets of great importance .
he was unwilling at first , but the maiden insisted .
then she put the ring on her third finger , and in an instant she had vanished from his eyes .
the maiden , suspecting no treachery , gave him the magic ring .
but the young man never came back .
in the middle of the spear you must have two strong chains ten fathoms in length .
then they parted , and the youth quickly flew home through the air .
the Dragon was now so near that in a couple of springs he would be over the frontier .
the youth did so , and found that in this way he could easily move forwards .
the Dragon had his monstrous jaws wide open , all ready for his expected prey .
then quick as lightning he sprang from his horse before the Dragon had time to shut his mouth .
his conqueror was received into the city with as much pomp as if he had been the mightiest of kings .
the Witch-maiden had never rested night nor day until she had found out where the ring was .
with these words she left him .
STORY OF THE EMPEROR'S NEW CLOTHES ( @number@ )
and he gave both the impostors much money , so that they might begin their work .
now the good old minister went into the hall where the two impostors sat working at the empty weaving-looms .
but he did not say so .
I have never thought that , and nobody must know it !
can I be not fit for my office ?
the impostors now wanted more money , more silk , and more gold to use in their weaving .
everybody in the town was talking of the magnificent cloth .
now the Emperor wanted to see it himself while it was still on the loom .
this is indeed horrible !
am I stupid ?
am I not fit to be Emperor ?
that were the most dreadful thing that could happen to me .
the people could see that they were very busy making the Emperor 's new clothes ready .
here is the coat !
and he turned himself again to the mirror to see if his finery was on all right .
none of the Emperor 's clothes had met with such approval as these had .
and the chamberlains walked along still more uprightly , holding up the train which was not there at all .
once upon a time there was a fisherman who had a wife and three children .
one day , among the other fishes , he caught a golden crab .
she turned round in surprise , and then she saw the little creature , the Golden Crab .
then she took him up and placed him on a dish .
the fisherman 's wife went home and gave this message .
the old woman did so and went away again .
the King now gave his consent , and the wedding was fixed for the very next day .
the old man went and did his errand .
and the same thing happened every day .
they suspected some secret , but though they spied and spied , they could not discover it .
thus a year passed away , and the Princess had a son , whom she called Benjamin .
the Princess did so , and brought him what he desired .
the following evening the Prince dressed himself for the tournament .
place yourself at the window with your sisters ; I will ride by and throw you the silver apple .
So saying , he kissed her , repeated his warning once more , and went away .
the Princess went with her sisters to the window and looked on at the tournament .
presently her husband rode by and threw the apple up to her .
but she swore to him that she would not tell who he was .
he then repeated his warning and went away .
now we must leave the Princess and turn to the other persons in the story .
he did not overtake the dog , but found himself above a staircase , which he descended .
he hid himself in the hall behind a great picture , that he might see what would happen .
at noon he heard a great noise , so that he trembled with fear .
when he took courage to look out from behind the picture , he saw twelve eagles flying in .
then one of them said :
then the old man went away too , returned to the light of day , and went home .
and now she desired him to guide her thither at once .
then the Princess could restrain herself no longer , but ran forward and threw her arms round her husband .
now you see that I spoke the truth .
but all that bad time is past .
now listen to me : I must still remain enchanted for three months .
there he lived for many years , and no one could free him .
she had been wandering round and round for nine days , and she came at last to the iron case .
the old King was so frightened that he nearly fainted , for she was his only daughter .
they took her there , gave her a knife , and said she must scrape at the iron stove .
the old King was frightened , and his daughter wept .
so she scraped away harder than ever , and made the hole so large that he could get out .
but the Prince was free , and was no longer shut up in it .
then she got down from the tree and went towards the light .
then she took heart and knocked .
then a fat toad called out :
and a little toad came forward and let her in .
when she entered they all bid her welcome , and made her sit down .
then the old toad said :
and the little toad went and brought out a great chest .
when she had passed these she would find her lover again .
then she reached the three cutting swords , and got on her plough-wheel and rolled over them .
she went in and gave herself out as a servant , a poor maid who would gladly be engaged .
so she was taken on as a kitchen-maid for very small wages .
now the Prince was about to marry another princess , for he thought she was dead long ago .
the bride granted her this , because the dress was so beautiful and she had so few like it .
but she gave him a glass of wine in which she had poured a sleeping-draught .
then they both went to his room , but he slept so soundly that she could not wake him .
when the bride saw it she wanted to buy it also .
the bride , however , gave him a sleeping-draught , and he slept so soundly that he heard nothing .
but the Prince took care not to drink the sleeping-draught .
the toads were all freed , and were beautiful King 's children , running about for joy .
but because the old man did not like being left alone , they went and fetched him .
so they had two kingdoms and lived in great wealth .
THE DRAGON AND HIS GRANDMOTHER
then three of them took counsel together and determined to desert .
if we were to hide ourselves in that , no one could find us .
whilst they were speaking a fiery dragon came flying through the air .
it hovered near them , and asked why they were hidden there .
you can then live as great lords , keep horses , and drive about in carriages .
they had as much money as they wanted , wore grand clothes , and made their way into the world .
they went into a field , sat down , and the two pulled long faces .
an old woman passed by , and asked them why they were so sad .
in the hut sat a very old woman , who was the Dragon 's grandmother .
she asked him how he came , and what was his business there .
at midnight the Dragon flew in , and asked for his supper .
when the Dragon had gone to bed , his old grandmother pulled up the stone and let out the soldier .
then the Dragon flew away with a loud shriek , and had no more power over them .
because of your kind heart I will make you a present .
but the real reason was that he had caught sight of the lovely face .
she beat the maiden , and said that if she did not obey it would go ill with her .
for who can fetch them ?
so they sat down , and he laid his head on her lap and fell asleep .
the Hunter now lay down and slept off his weariness .
when he had wandered about for a couple of days he found it quite easily .
So saying , he opened his sack and gave her the bad one .
and lifting the remaining leaves up , he laid them on the dish and brought them to the maiden .
he knocked at the window , and the miller put his head out and asked what he wanted .
then he went back into the castle , and he found there all that he wanted .
and the wedding was celebrated , and they lived happy together till death .
the Queen-dowager was wise and good , and tried her best to make her people happy .
and in this he was perfectly right .
so he commanded his servants to leave the windows open in order that he might get more air .
as to his voice I can say nothing about that , for the bird never sang at all .
his only idea was to make straight for those spots which were the favourite haunts of birds .
and he did more .
for a man is not a courtier unless he can do everything .
then go , quite alone , down a road that you will find on your right hand , looking southwards .
then go at once to the stable , and pay no heed to anything except what I tell you .
suddenly the people in the castle became broad awake , and rushed to the stable .
the Prince obeyed the Frog 's orders one by one , and all went well for this second time also .
how was he ever to appear before her with this tale ?
you must cut the branch on which it is sitting , and bring it back to me without delay .
let me tell you my story ; it is not a long one .
I have always lived in seclusion , and for the last two years I have wished for nothing better .
on hearing this story Serpentine grew very sad , and her lovely eyes filled with tears .
I shall be very unhappy , of course , but I shall never alter my mind .
this matter being comfortably arranged , she started off her chariot .
the people of the kingdom were delighted , and everybody lived happy and contented to the end of their lives .
the men unbuckled their knapsacks and filled them with those precious things .
but they were too much frightened to answer .
this is what you must do if you wish to save your lives .
take off your clothes and spread them on the path which leads from here to the castle .
the Lake answered that it had been done by people who had come to do him homage .
the King commanded that the men should be brought before him .
they came humbly on their knees , and in a few words told him their story .
then he desired one of his beasts to show the men the way out of the garden , and dismissed them .
then the ship 's crew returned home , and the same thing happened yearly until many years had passed .
the Queen gave money to the old woman , and bought the apple from her .
after a time the Queen had a little boy , and the mare also had a male foal .
the boy and the foal grew up together and loved each other like brothers .
in the cavern sat an old woman spinning .
this was the cloister of the nuns , and the old woman was the Abbess .
they all spent their time in spinning , and that is why the convent has this name .
I will tell you what you have to do .
thus you will be able to cut off all his seven heads .
this will make him waken up , and if he catches sight of you he will seize you .
but you must quickly cut off his first head , and then wait till the next one comes up .
thus he freed his country from this terrible oppression .
so the sons determined to set out into the world and to try their luck .
the moon was shining brightly , and lighted him to the lake where he could bathe his poor broken legs .
then Ferko crawled to the edge of the lake and dipped his limbs in the water .
he filled a bottle with the healing water , and then continued his journey in the best of spirits .
Ferko continued his way till he came to a ploughed field .
and with these words she flew away humming , gaily .
the King was pleased with this proposal , and commanded Ferko to set to work on the following day .
the two brothers were delighted , for they thought they had now got rid of Ferko for ever .
can I be of any help to you ?
Ferko went at once to the King and told him the palace was finished .
but he could think of no way of escape .
and with these words the little creature scampered away into the fields .
then Ferko went joyfully to the King and told him that all he demanded had been done .
and how had all this been done ?
what are you thinking about all alone by yourself ?
I 'll undertake the task , and you 'll hear from me again before sunset to-morrow .
and with these words he trotted quickly away .
he lay down once more on the grass and soon fell fast asleep .
only the lovely Princess was not present , for she was shut up in her tower weeping bitterly .
the wicked brothers stamped and foamed with rage when they saw the failure of their wicked designs .
in order to gain a living he looked after the sheep of a great Lord .
he rose up and followed the direction of the noise .
on the contrary , I will reward you handsomely if you will bind up my foot .
the Herd-boy took off his shirt , and bound up the Giant 's wounded foot with it .
in a few minutes the company began to eat and drink .
the banquet was a very gorgeous one , and the poor youth fell to and ate and drank lustily .
so he seized a loaf when no one was looking and stowed it away under his tunic .
but although he tried with all his might , he couldn't cut off the smallest piece .
then his master spoke .
this was readily granted , and the two lived in peace and happiness to the end of their lives .
it is easy to imagine the feelings of the King when he found that his daughter had vanished .
above them was a rampart of orange and lemon trees , and all the streets were paved with gold .
in this way the good fairy hoped that the Prince would be protected against all dangers .
so , under pretence of visiting some small islands that belonged to his father , he set out .
the moment his eyes beheld the Princess , he fell in love with her like everyone else .
who knows where she may be , and what fairy may have her in his keeping ?
with these words she turned away and entered her own apartments .
at these words the Prince could contain himself no longer .
he took the pebble from his mouth , and flung himself at Rosalie 's feet .
but Rosalie would not hear of this .
but though he found the palace he did not find Rosalie .
however , he resolved to seek the whole world through till he came to the right place .
they were terrible indeed to look upon .
he could not loosen it ; so he buried them like the others and continued his path .
as he looked a woman rose from the depths of the sea , flying madly before a furious giant .
on the tallest of the rocks sat the giant as on a throne .
lots were drawn , and one fell upon our Prince , whose chains were immediately loosened .
the moment he was set free , he snatched up his stone , and became invisible .
the astonishment of the giant at the sudden disappearance of the Prince may well be imagined .
this was enough to cause the Princess to suspect that her lover had returned .
no words can paint the fury of her captor at her disappearance .
they instantly flew off to obey his commands , and spread themselves over the whole earth .
but , alas ! the joy of liberty lasted but a short time .
these words were read by one of the genii , who repeated them to his master .
he felt so overwhelmed by despair that he thought for an instant of putting an end to his life .
what will become of me ?
this was not , however , the view taken by the Prince .
I know that the Princess Argentine will never love me , yet each day I feel her dearer still .
and as if this were not enough , I have the horror of feeling that she probably loves another .
so I have resolved to put myself out of my pain by means of the Golden Fountain .
it instantly wrote the name of Prince Flame , his brother .
the shock of this discovery was so real , that Prince Gnome sank fainting into the arms of his friend .
the storm had already lasted many days when tremendous heat began to make itself felt .
the poor beast was all torn and bleeding , and the kind little Princess was quite unhappy about it .
when night approached she lay down , but though she shut her eyes tight sleep would not come .
she nearly died with fright , but she never uttered a sound .
at the same moment the crow appeared and hopped all round the room with joy .
it thanked the Princess most heartily for her goodness , and said that its sufferings had already been greatly lessened .
so they went to the castle where they had both endured so much .
and there they lived for a hundred years , a hundred years of joy and happiness .
HOW SIX MEN TRAVELLED THROUGH THE WIDE WORLD
in a short time he reached the stream , filled his pitcher with water , and turned round again .
she emptied his pitcher and ran on .
in the room was a table spread with delicious food .
then he threw it on his back and went with his companions .
I implore you .
the architecture was imposing , and in the interior the rooms were handsome and furnished in the best possible taste .
the Prince , after visiting several Courts , arrived at the one where the lost Princess was still deeply mourned .
the King and Queen received him most graciously , and some festivities were revived to do him honour .
after listening attentively to the whole adventure , the Fairy asked for time to consult her books .
presently the King appeared , and the parrot noticed with joy how much he was disliked .
the Queen hastened to inform the King her husband , and the wedding took place on the spot .
as the ceremony was completed the Wizard King arrived .
the Prince implored and obtained his father 's pardon , and the prison doors were opened .
everyone entreated the Fairy to settle in the kingdom where she now was , to which she consented .
in a short time he married a pretty young wife , and lived with her in great peace and happiness .
he soon finished the skinning , and went to the water to wash the blood off his hands .
she was nearly beside herself with grief , and roamed round and round the pond calling on her husband without ceasing .
the hunter 's wife gave the witch a handsome present , thanked her heartily , and returned home .
but immediately another wave came , and the head sank back into the water without having said a word .
then he gazed sadly at his wife and stretched out his arms towards her .
the hunter determined to become a shepherd , and his wife too became a shepherdess .
so they herded their sheep for many years in solitude and sadness .
the neighbourhood pleased him , and he saw that the pasture was rich and suitable for his flocks .
so he brought his sheep there , and herded them as before .
the beautiful Princess sat at her window and watched the bold knights trying to reach her on their splendid horses .
the whole neighbourhood had the appearance of a vast churchyard .
and now there was only one more day before the close of the seven years .
the sun was nearly going down , and the youth had not got more than half-way up .
he could hardly draw breath he was so worn out , and his mouth was parched by thirst .
it was almost pitch dark now , and only the stars lit up the Glass Mountain .
now the golden apple-tree was guarded by the eagle which had overthrown the golden knight and his horse .
but he was awake now , and perceiving the eagle , he determined by its help to save himself .
the youth held on bravely .
he pulled several of the beautiful apples and put them in his pocket ; then he entered the castle .
as soon as she saw the youth , she ran towards him and greeted him as her husband and master .
she gave him all her treasures , and the youth became a rich and mighty ruler .
ALPHEGE , OR THE GREEN MONKEY
many years ago there lived a King , who was twice married .
time wipes away the greatest griefs , and after two or three years the King married again .
she took care however to conceal her jealous feelings from the King .
the monkey took it very daintily and finally came to the table .
the King took him on his knees , and , delighted with his capture , brought him home with him .
go into your garden and lift up the little marble slab at the foot of the great myrtle tree .
you will find beneath it a crystal vase filled with a bright green liquid .
the joy of such a meeting was beyond words .
the King , who was very brave , assured the Queen that he would soon punish the conspirators .
what was their surprise when the door was opened to see the King and his suite .
he spoke with such grace and dignity that everyone gazed at him with mute surprise .
So saying , he respectfully kissed the Prince 's hand .
the eldest of their tribe was entrusted to carry out their revenge .
with her large experience , added to her native spite , she found but little difficulty in carrying off Fairer-than-a-Fairy .
then she sent her away without doing her any harm .
one day Prince Rainbow appeared in the depths of woe .
no other water was at hand except that in the two bottles .
but Lagree had not given up her pursuit , and arrived just as Fairer-than-a-Fairy had fallen fast asleep .
Fairer-than-a-Fairy thanked her warmly , and resumed her way cheered by pleasant thoughts .
it was so perfectly hung that a gentle breeze rocked it sufficiently to send you pleasantly to sleep .
at the same time she could not help feeling rather hurt at the apparent indifference with which she was received .
here they were received with tumultuous joy .
in the same village there lived three brothers , who were all determined to kill the mischievous hawk .
the hawk fell heavily under a big stone , severely wounded in its right wing .
at first it was quite dark , and the flaming torch only lit up dirty grey stone walls .
here he found a lovely meadow full of green trees and exquisite flowers .
then he hid himself in the castle and awaited the old witch 's arrival .
at last as it was beginning to grow dark she appeared .
as soon as her feet touched the ground she became transformed from a hawk into a woman .
and now everything was up above and only he himself remained below .
the youth told him all that had befallen him , and the magician said :
another magician who lives in this land always eats my children up .
the youth looked down and beheld a long thick serpent beginning to crawl up the tree .
they trembled with terror when they saw the hideous creature , and hid themselves beneath the leaves .
then the youth swung his mighty sword in the air , and with one blow cut off the serpent 's head .
he cut up the rest of the body into little bits and strewed them to the four winds .
with what joy did he hurry now to his brothers ' house !
stay here within the shelter of the hut .
and without them he would have died in the snow .
and these were the last words the poor Queen spoke .
every day he rode through the neighbouring fields and woods , and always returned home in the evening safe and well .
their way led through a stream whose banks were overgrown with thick brushwood .
he made all haste across the bridge of clouds , and told the Fairy that her commands were obeyed .
but the Prince lied manfully , and swore he had never looked up from his work for a moment .
all the trees of the wood were cut up into firewood and arranged in bundles ready for use .
on the following day the Fairy set him a third task to do , even harder than the other two .
the Prince was terrified ; he dared not look back , and he felt his strength giving way .
in her desperation she determined to pull down the church , and thus to destroy her two victims for ever .
quick as lightning , and forgetful of every danger , she flew down upon them .
they hurried as quickly as they could to the old King , who received them with joy and gladness .
he seated it in front of the fire , and tried to think he had his wife back again .
he searched all about to see who could have done this , but could find no one .
the next time he went to hunt he took care not to go far , and came in quite early .
let us now go back to our tribe .
therefore they made a fire , cooked some food , and spread out their skins to sleep .
at last , after many days , a light seemed to come to him out of the darkness .
the forests , the hills , and the rivers all seemed exactly like the ones he had left .
then he knew that he was in the right road .
that is the Land of Souls , but no man enters it without leaving his body behind him .
so , lay down your body here ; your bow and arrows , your skin and your dog .
only the children had no fear , and reached the other side in safety .
once upon a time a great and powerful King married a lovely Princess .
and the Queen promised faithfully to obey her royal lord and master in these four matters .
and the little drake answered for the other two :
and again the little drake answered for his sisters :
quack , quack my turtle-doves !
I brought you up with grief and pain , And now before my eyes you 're slain .
there is nothing wonderful in a duck 's quacking .
quack , quack my turtle-doves !
so the King himself stepped down amongst them , and instantly the duck fluttered down into his hands .
but the wicked witch was taken by the King 's command , and she came to no good end .
during their wanderings they came unperceived on a piece of waste land where three splendid trees grew .
when it was quite ripe the fruit would become a golden yellow .
he did not awake till it was bright daylight , and all the fruit on the trees had vanished .
the following year Warza , the second brother , tried his luck , but with the same result .
I may not show you the way there , but this ring will guide you .
he tasted it , and found the apple quite as luscious as it had been in his dream .
this question placed Iwanich in a dilemma .
when you have gone about a hundred yards into the wood the wild beasts will surround you .
then you must instantly seize your bag , and scatter the bread-crumbs among them .
then he seized the hare and threw it to them .
he hadn't gone very far when he saw a most extraordinary looking man coming towards him .
two lions walked with him , fastened to his side by the two ends of his long beard .
with these words he loosened the lion from his beard and bade the beast guard the youth carefully .
it had become quite dark , and Iwanich was forced to wait for daylight before continuing his journey .
then he got up and walked towards a beautiful white palace which he saw gleaming in the distance .
in about an hour he reached the building , and opening the door he walked in .
then the Princess called her court together , and introduced Iwanich to them as her future husband .
Iwanich promised what she asked , and Militza departed , repeating her promise to return in seven days .
the Prince , who now realised what his heedlessness had done , cursed too late his spirit of curiosity .
at last he saw a light in the distance , which came from a miserable-looking little hut .
without recognising Iwanich , he opened the door when he knocked and gave him shelter for the night .
Iwanich thanked the gaunt grey beggar for his information , and went on his way .
the Prince knocked , and a rasping woman 's voice told him to enter .
here he perceived two pitch-black horses in a stall .
so it continued for some time , and all went well with the Prince .
Iwanich , who felt sorry for the poor creature , seized it in his arms and flung it into the stream .
the Prince followed her secretly to see what she was going to do .
he drew the scale from his pocket , and hurrying to the river he threw it in .
with these words the creature disappeared into the depths of the stream .
the Prince followed her , and heard her scolding the beasts harshly for not having hidden themselves better .
if they did not do as she told them she would beat them till they bled .
with these words the bird flew up into the air and disappeared among the clouds .
almost directly Iwanich saw his two horses being driven towards him by a host of eagles of all sizes .
he caught the mare and foal , and having thanked the eagle he drove them cheerfully home again .
on the following morning the Prince drove his horses as usual to the fields .
while they were walking along the fox asked him what he wanted to do at the royal hen-house .
I have an idea .
stand at the door of the hen-house , and wait there for your horses .
then you must lay hands on the mare and foal and catch them .
all turned out exactly as the sly fox had foreseen .
the Prince swung himself on the mare , seized the foal by its bridle , and hurried home .
Iwanich longed to possess such an animal , and promised the mare to follow her advice .
this time Corva received him in the most friendly manner , and set a sumptuous repast before him .
as soon as he had finished she asked him what reward he demanded for his year 's service .
then Iwanich found himself once more in the palace of his bride , and Militza herself flew into his arms .
from this time forward they lived in undisturbed peace and happiness till the end of their lives .
now when the old man 's time had come , he stretched himself out on his bed and died .
so Martin started off for the town .
overcome with pity , Martin spoke to the butchers , saying :
when he reached his home his mother greeted him with the question :
on the way he met a rich peasant , who asked him where he was going .
but I must tell you I engage my labourers without wages .
together they entered the palace , and were received by the King with great kindness .
turning to his daughter , he said :
Courtesying low , the old woman stood silent before him .
the palace must be joined together by a bridge of pure crystal .
it would have been better for us this day if you had .
on the instant the twelve youths appeared , and asked her what she commanded them to do .
immediately the King sent for his son-in-law , and commanded him to explain what had happened .
in this castle there lives a Princess , the wicked wife of my dear master .
she has stolen away his magic ring .
you must get it away from her at whatever cost ; do you hear ?
all day she wears it on her finger , and at night she keeps it in her mouth .
at last the King came himself , and he likewise was spellbound by the beauty of the music .
THE FLOWER QUEEN'S DAUGHTER ( @number@ )
he was turning aside to avoid it , when he heard the sound of someone crying in the ditch .
he dismounted from his horse , and stepped along in the direction the sound came from .
to his astonishment he found an old woman , who begged him to help her out of the ditch .
these will help you if you are in any difficulty .
so the next morning the Prince mounted his fine horse and left his home .
for one whole year he is always awake , and the next he sleeps .
they entered the castle and walked through twelve splendid halls , all made of gold and diamonds .
the Prince undertook the task and led the mare out to the meadow .
as he sat thus lost in thought , he noticed an eagle flying over his head .
and with these words the King of the Eagles flew away .
here , too , was the Flower Queen 's beautiful daughter .
but again she vanished before his eyes .
then he took out his little bell and rang it twice .
then the Prince took out his little bell and rang it three times .
but the dragons had noticed their flight , and woke their brother out of his year 's sleep .
immediately the two elder brothers determined to try their luck , and asked their parents ' blessing .
so the Simpleton set off on his way .
they greeted one another , and the manikin asked him where he was going .
now , the poor Simpleton was ashamed to show what was in it .
he shared them with the manikin , who licked his lips and said :
you will then find a ship at your side , step into it and fly to the King 's Palace .
so he hailed him , calling out :
and he waved to him , calling out :
then the Simpleton asked him also to join them .
at last the ship , with its strange crew , arrived at the King 's Court .
Just then the courtier arrived , bearing the King 's command .
what was to be done now ?
the King determined to think of a still more impossible task .
when these words were overheard by the sharp-eared comrade and repeated to the Simpleton , he was in despair .
and in the morning when they opened the door there he lay sound and safe , singing cheerfully to himself .
as on former occasions , the quick-eared comrade had overheard the King 's command and repeated it to the Simpleton .
her husband laughed at his wife 's strange idea , and they went back into the house .
the little maid throve wonderfully , and in a few months she could run about and speak .
the man laughed at his wife 's words , and thought it was a good joke .
the King was so charmed by the Snow-daughter , that he asked her to be his wife .
one day the King gave a great feast , and asked his brother-in-law among the other guests .
and before the King had time to reply , the Fire-son seized him in a tight embrace .
when the Snow-daughter saw this she turned on her brother and flew at him .
then a fight began , the like of which had never been seen on earth .
but the doggie ate up the pancake and barked , saying :
for a moment the step-mother 's eyes were dazzled .
in a few minutes King Frost came past , and , looking at the girl , he said :
but the doggie beneath the table began to bark , saying :
then he heard some one behind him laughing .
before you can do that , you have a difficult task before you .
with these words the Red Girl went back into the golden castle .
the youth mounted his horse sadly , and rode home .
and when the grandmother heard where they were going , she cried and said :
now listen to me , children .
you have been gently reared , but you 'll find my work hard enough .
and the girl gave them the bread that her grandmother had given her .
then the twins crumbled their bread on the ground , and the wrens pecked it , and chirruped and chirped .
when they entered the hut the cat was curled up on the floor .
the cat had scarcely finished speaking when the witch returned to see if the children had fulfilled their tasks .
then the witch left them to their tasks , and went out into the wood .
then they were hindered by the birch-trees , whose branches almost put their eyes out .
in the meantime in the hut the cat was busy weaving the linen and tangling the threads as it wove .
but the dog answered :
but the twins ran straight on till they reached their own home .
the Hazel-nut child jumped quickly out of the egg-shell and ran out into the street .
here he found a man on horseback who was just setting out for the neighbouring village .
on the way home he met another rider , and did the return journey in exactly the same way .
one day he took the Hazel-nut child with him .
so he mounted the horse and rode away .
the parents laughed at the little man 's words , but did not believe him for a moment .
in the evening the Hazel-nut child crept on to the roof , where some storks had built their nest .
the next morning the storks flew towards the south , for winter was approaching .
so the Hazel-nut child and his parents lived in happiness and prosperity after this till they died .
THE STORY OF BIG KLAUS AND LITTLE KLAUS
in a certain village there lived two people who had both the same name .
both were called Klaus , but one owned four horses and the other only one .
he had a long way to go , and had to pass through a great dark forest .
right in front of him was a large farm-house .
the window-shutters were closed , but the light came through the chinks .
for a live stork was standing on the roof , where it had its nest .
the wooden shutters over the windows were not shut at the top , and he could just see into the room .
there stood a large table , spread with wine and roast meat and a beautiful fish .
the farmer 's wife and the sexton sat at the table , but there was no one else .
ah , what delicious cakes he saw standing there !
then he heard someone riding along the road towards the house .
it was the farmer coming home .
if he saw one he was made quite mad .
he did so , as he knew the poor man could not bear to see a sexton .
Little Klaus now trod again on his sack , so that the skin squeaked .
you must know that I can't bear to look at a sexton !
but it doesn't matter .
I know that it is the Devil , and I sha'n't mind !
I feel up to it now .
the farmer opened the lid a little way , and saw him inside .
the farmer also gave him a wheelbarrow to carry away his money and the chest .
on the other side of the wood was a large deep river .
the water flowed so rapidly that you could scarcely swim against the stream .
it is as heavy as if it were filled with stones !
I shall only be tired , dragging it along ; I will throw it into the river .
one he had had already from the farmer , and now he had his wheelbarrow full of money .
so he sent a boy to Big Klaus to borrow a bushel measure from him .
all the shoemakers and tanners came running to ask him what he wanted for them .
and in the night as he sat there the door opened , and Big Klaus came in with his axe .
and he went home .
when the sun rose they were in front of a large inn .
Little Klaus got down , and went in to get something to drink .
the host was very rich .
she is sitting outside in the cart ; I cannot bring her in .
but the dead woman did not answer a word , and sat still .
dear Little Klaus !
so he went himself to Little Klaus with the measure .
the apothecary and all the people thought he must be mad , so they let him go .
first I killed my horses , then my grandmother !
the road passed by the church ; the organ was sounding , and the people were singing most beautifully .
Little Klaus could not get out , and everybody was in church ; so he went in .
but he could not undo the string .
he was driving a herd of cows and oxen .
these pushed against the sack so that it was overturned .
now I saw that the river was a great high-road for the sea-people .
along it they travel underneath from the sea to the land till the river ends .
therefore it makes it much shorter if one comes on the land and drives across the field to the river .
then they went to the river .
once upon a time there was a King and his Queen in their kingdom .
they had one daughter , who was called Ingiborg , and one son , whose name was Ring .
the Prince went up to her and saluted her politely , and she received him very graciously .
then she fixed the top on the barrel and threw it out into the sea .
the old woman was greatly pleased , and began to fondle the Prince with the utmost delight .
after he had walked on in silence for a time the Dog spoke to him and said :
the Prince now began to be less afraid of the Dog .
they replied that they didn't care a bit what he thought .
the King replied that it was only a short time since he had come there .
next morning the King asked Ring and Red to go and cut down trees for him , and both agreed .
Ring grew terribly afraid .
with this Snati leapt at the big one , and was not long in bringing him down .
one day a good idea came into his head .
he came to the King and said he had something to say to him .
the Prince assented to this , and began to prepare for the journey .
this was on Christmas Eve .
Ring did so , and soon the trolls wakened up .
when they got back again to the window they saw that the old hag was moving towards the door .
she is the worst witch that ever lived , and no iron can cut her .
so the King sent for Ring and asked him for what reason he had done this .
so Red was hanged , and Ring married the King 's daughter .
then they went to the island and removed all that was valuable from it .
there was once a poor Prince .
but he did venture to say so , for his name was known far and wide .
well , we shall see .
on the grave of the Prince 's father grew a rose-tree , a very beautiful rose-tree .
its scent was so sweet that when you smelt it you forgot all your cares and troubles .
but the rose-tree with the beautiful rose came out .
but the Princess felt it , and then she almost began to cry .
it sang so beautifully that one could scarcely utter a cross word against it .
he painted his face brown and black , drew his cap well over his face , and knocked at the door .
and the Prince got the situation of Imperial Swineherd .
that was indeed something quite different from the rose .
it was the only tune she knew , but that she could play with one finger .
and one of the ladies-in-waiting had to go down ; but she put on wooden clogs .
what happiness that was !
the ladies-in-waiting danced and clapped their hands .
so the ladies-in-waiting had to go down to him again .
he rubbed his eyes and put on his spectacles .
so he took off his shoes , which were shoes though he had trodden them down into slippers .
what a hurry he was in , to be sure !
and the Princess and the Swineherd were driven out of the empire .
then she stood still and wept ; the Swineherd was scolding , and the rain was streaming down .
alas ! he 's not here , here , here !
HOW TO TELL A TRUE PRINCESS
so he travelled through the whole world to find one , but there was always something against each .
there were plenty of Princesses , but he could not find out if they were true Princesses .
in every case there was some little defect , which showed the genuine article was not yet found .
it was fearful !
and yet she said she was a true Princess !
then she put twenty mattresses on top of the pea , and twenty eider-down quilts on the top of the mattresses .
and this was the bed in which the Princess was to sleep .
the next morning she was asked how she had slept .
I am sure I don't know what was in the bed .
I laid on something so hard that my whole body is black and blue .
no one but a true Princess could be so sensitive .
now this is a true story .
the chance came and they took it .
on the second morning the Scotsman saw from the top of his tree a great castle far away .
at this he looked up , and saw the most beautiful woman he had ever set eyes on .
she then set food before him , and after that showed him to the room where the others were .
and now we must go back to the two that he left behind him in the wood .
when night came he climbed up into the same tree as the Englishman had been on the night before .
the next moment the door came flying in , and those outside along with it .
she tried to see if there was breath in him , but could not quite make it out .
then she put her hand on his pulse , and found a faint movement in it .
so that business was finished , and the Princess was freed from the spell .
by this the Irishman knew that she had sent the lad to wait on him .
he said that he wasn't .
was the sleep he had last night not enough for him ?
the lad said that he had , and there was the sword she had left for him .
so he took the best horse in the stable and set out .
seeing a stranger on horseback , he asked what brought him there and where he was going .
he stayed there all night , but there was not a word in the book about the Blue Mountains .
so he blew his whistle , and the Irishman landed at the brother 's house before nightfall .
soon afterwards he saw something big coming towards him , darkening the sky .
when she arrived the old man scolded her , and asked what had kept her so long behind .
fortunately the points of his toes just touched the bottom , and he managed to get ashore .
he asked the old woman what was causing all the noise and light in the town .
the old woman went , and soon returned along with the Princess .
a soldier came marching along the high road left , right !
a left , right !
an old Witch met him on the road .
she was very ugly to look at : her under-lip hung down to her breast .
you are something like a soldier !
it is copper there .
but the dog that guards the chest there has eyes as large as the Round Tower at Copenhagen !
well , he opened the first door .
Ugh ! there sat the dog with eyes as big as saucers glaring at him .
sure enough there sat the dog with eyes as large as mill-wheels .
and then he set the dog on the apron .
then he went into the third room .
Heavens ! what a heap of gold there was !
now he was rich indeed .
and then he went back and fetched it .
the Soldier immediately cut off her head .
that was the end of her !
it was a splendid town !
and the Soldier liked that .
it was a dark evening , and he could not even buy a light .
now , the Soldier went down again to his beautiful rooms , and appeared once more in splendid clothes .
all his friends immediately recognised him again , and paid him great court .
then the dog ran back with the Princess .
but the lady-in-waiting slipped on india-rubber shoes and followed them .
then she went home and lay down , and the dog came back also , with the Princess .
there he sat .
hearing that did not exactly cheer him , and he had left his tinder-box in the inn .
the King and Queen were sitting on a magnificent throne opposite the judges and the whole council .
and the boys whistled and the soldiers presented arms .
the Princess came out of the copper castle , and became Queen ; and that pleased her very much .
after that Sigurd married the Princess , and helped his father-in-law to govern the kingdom .
there they sat and talked for a while , and had their little son along with them .
last of all she took the Queen , put her into the boat , and said
as soon as the child got into her charge he stopped crying , and behaved well as before .
he thought her much more haughty and stubborn and difficult to deal with than she used to be .
before long others began to notice this as well as the King .
she began to eat out of it , and never stopped till she had finished it .
now we must go back to the King 's son after he had been put in charge of the nurse .
at last , however , the noises and shaking stopped , and they began to come to themselves again .
the real Queen was now restored to all her dignity , and was beloved by all .
the nurse was married to a nobleman , and the King and Queen gave her splendid presents .
she was scarcely half a thumb in height ; so they called her Thumbelina .
it was such a pretty sight !
she could sing , too , with a voice more soft and sweet than had ever been heard before .
that will be quite an island for her ; she is so small and light .
she wanted to fetch the pretty cradle to put it into her room before Thumbelina herself came there .
no ; that must not happen .
the leaf floated farther and farther away ; thus Thumbelina left her native land .
so he flew down from the tree with her and put her on a daisy .
she was terribly cold , for her clothes were ragged , and she herself was so small and thin .
poor little Thumbelina ! she would surely be frozen to death .
just outside the wood where she was now living lay a great corn-field .
this made a forest for her to wander about in .
but he is blind .
but Thumbelina did not trouble her head about him , for he was only a mole .
he came and paid them a visit in his black-velvet coat .
it must be very miserable to be a little bird !
then she laid her head against the bird 's heart .
next night she crept out again to him .
so at last he had dropped down exhausted , and then he could remember no more .
neither the mole nor the field-mouse learnt anything of this , for they could not bear the poor swallow .
Thumbelina gazed after him with the tears standing in her eyes , for she was very fond of the swallow .
Thumbelina was very unhappy .
she was not allowed to go out into the warm sunshine .
what a piece of fortune for a poor child like you !
yes , when the summer had passed , they would keep the wedding .
but she was not at all pleased about it , for she did not like the stupid mole .
but he never came ; no doubt he had flown away far into the great green wood .
by the autumn Thumbelina had finished the dowry .
you will get a fine husband !
well , the wedding-day arrived .
the poor little girl was very sad ; for now she must say good-bye to the beautiful sun .
she looked up .
there was the swallow flying past !
as soon as he saw Thumbelina , he was very glad .
but the swallow flew on farther , and it became more and more beautiful .
under the most splendid green trees besides a blue lake stood a glittering white-marble castle .
the swallow flew down with Thumbelina , and set her upon one of the broad leaves .
he was the spirit of the flower .
and that is the way we learnt the whole story .
the forest sloped down to the sea , which was a clear blue .
Large ships could sail under the boughs of the trees , and in these trees there lived a Nightingale .
the books were circulated throughout the world , and some of them reached the Emperor .
he sat in his golden chair , and read and read .
I have never heard it !
and he called his First Lord to him .
but where was it to be found ?
she must be here this evening !
everyone was asking after the wonderful Nightingale which all the world knew of , except those at Court .
I know the Nightingale well .
when they were on the way there they heard a cow mooing .
what a wonderful power for such a small beast to have !
then the frogs began to croak in the marsh .
then the Nightingale began to sing .
and she pointed to a little dark-grey bird up in the branches .
it is wonderful that we have never heard her before !
at the Palace everything was splendidly prepared .
the Nightingale sang so gloriously that the tears came into the Emperor 's eyes and ran down his cheeks .
then the Nightingale sang even more beautifully ; it went straight to all hearts .
but the Nightingale thanked him , and said she had had enough reward already .
then she sang again with her gloriously sweet voice .
then they thought themselves nightingales .
in short , the Nightingale was a real success .
there was little pleasure in flying about like this .
then the artificial bird had to sing alone .
Three-and-thirty times it sang the same piece without being tired .
no one had noticed that she had flown out of the open window away to her green woods .
but they did not yet know it by heart ; it was much too difficult .
they should hear it sing , commanded the Emperor .
the real Nightingale was banished from the kingdom .
and the bandmaster wrote a work of twenty-five volumes about the artificial bird .
so a whole year passed .
the Emperor , the Court , and all the Chinese knew every note of the artificial bird 's song by heart .
it was indeed delightful .
something snapped !
Whir-r-r ! all the wheels ran down and then the music ceased .
the Emperor sprang up , and had his physician summoned , but what could HE do !
here was a calamity !
and nothing came to break the silence .
the Emperor longed for something to come and relieve the monotony of this deathlike stillness .
if only someone would speak to him !
if only someone would sing to him .
music would carry his thoughts away , and would break the spell lying on him .
but the bird was silent .
I know you .
I chased you from my kingdom , and you have given me life again !
I shall never forget that .
they are jewels that rejoice a singer 's heart .
the sun was shining through the window when he awoke , strong and well .
none of his servants had come back yet , for they thought he was dead .
but the Nightingale sat and sang to him .
don't tell anyone that you have a little bird who tells you everything .
then the Nightingale flew away .
the servants came in to look at their dead Emperor .
the King gave the promise , and thereafter the Queen died .
after the King had looked at them for a little he went forward and saluted them .
the King immediately asked her hand ; she gladly received his proposal and accepted him at once .
Hadvor remained in her castle , and had made preparations to receive her wooer when he came .
with that the noises grew fainter and fainter , till at last they ceased altogether .
my brother came and asked her hand , and she has had him put to death .
after they were both left there everything happened just as Olof had said .
on reaching the island she found a sandy beach all along by the sea , and high cliffs above .
then she went back into the cave and wakened Hermod , and they had a most joyful meeting .
all of these swam past the boat and went on to meet the whale .
now the story goes back to the King 's hall , where strange things had happened in the meantime .
ever so many people had tried to drive them away , but no one could manage it .
all were astonished then by seeing two witches lying dead on the floor of the hall .
Olof married a good-looking nobleman , and that is the end of the story .
their uniform was red and blue , and they shouldered their guns and looked straight in front of them .
in front of the castle stood some little trees surrounding a tiny mirror which looked like a lake .
this is no place for her !
then the toys began to play at visiting , dancing , and fighting .
the only two who did not stir from their places were the Tin-soldier and the little Dancer .
but the Tin-soldier took no notice , and seemed not to hear .
that was a terrible fall , I can tell you !
he landed on his head with his leg in the air , his gun being wedged between two paving-stones .
soon it began to drizzle ; then the drops came faster , and there was a regular down-pour .
this is the black imp 's fault !
but the Tin-soldier was silent , and grasped his gun more firmly .
the boat sped on , and the rat behind it .
but the current became swifter and stronger .
now he was so near to it that he could not hold on any longer .
he looked at her , but she said nothing .
there was nothing left of the little Dancer but her gilt rose , burnt as black as a cinder .
then they oiled the corners of their mouths so that they might be able to speak more fluently .
and they told him all about it .
what a desire for marriage has seized me !
YOU can't speak ; YOU don't know how to choose your words .
and he did so .
but his brothers were riding slowly in front .
and the brothers turned round to see what in the world he could have found .
it was fearful , and they had made up the fire so hot that it was grilling .
there he stood like an idiot .
now the other brother entered .
now Blockhead-Hans came in ; he rode his goat right into the hall .
and the reporters giggled , and each dropped a blot of ink on the floor .
So saying , he turned his pockets inside out , and threw the mud right in his face .
a STORY ABOUT A DARNING-NEEDLE
there was once a Darning-needle who thought herself so fine that she believed she was an embroidery-needle .
the Fingers were using the needle on the cook 's shoe .
the upper leather was unstitched and had to be sewn together .
I am breaking !
and in fact she did break .
and she laughed to herself ; you can never see when a Darning-needle is laughing .
she did indeed get lost .
and the Darning-needle kept her proud bearing and did not lose her good-temper .
all kinds of things swam over her shavings , bits of straw , and scraps of old newspapers .
here I am sticking fast !
don't think so much about yourself , or you will be knocked against a stone .
I am sitting patient and quiet .
they held themselves proudly one against the other , although they were of different sizes .
Longman , the third , looked at the others over his shoulder .
and she sat there very proudly , thinking lofty thoughts .
it seems to me as if the sunbeams were always looking under the water for me .
ah , I am so fine that my own mother cannot find me !
it was rather dirty work , but it was a great delight to them .
if only I am not sea-sick !
but she was not sea-sick , and did not give herself up .
now my qualms are over .
THE SECOND JUNGLE BOOK
Ikki ducked quickly to prevent Mowgli from pulling his nose-bristles , and Mowgli told Baloo what Ikki had said .
and yet hunting among strangers ends in fighting ; and they might hurt the Man-cub .
the reason of this is that drinking comes before eating .
the deer and the pig had tramped all day in search of something better than dried bark and withered leaves .
the snakes had left the Jungle and come down to the river in the hope of finding a stray frog .
it was here that Mowgli came nightly for the cool and the companionship .
come down to the Peace Rock and hear the news .
Bagheera looked along his ragged , dusty flank and whispered .
Mowgli laughed .
the quick-spread ears of the deer caught the last sentence , and a frightened whisper ran along the ranks .
Bagheera answered , rolling his yellow eyes up-stream .
gradually the talking spread up and down the drinking-places .
they lay still , and their Bullocks with them .
Hathi shook all over at the idea , and Baloo said severely :
what would ye have ?
this was Shere Khan , the Lame Tiger , limping down to the water .
next season I shall have to beg his leave for a drink .
he went on purring and growling to himself .
the horrified whisper began again , and Hathi 's watchful little white eye cocked itself in Shere Khan 's direction .
it was my right and my Night .
Shere Khan spoke almost courteously .
Mowgli whispered in Bagheera 's ear .
the Law says so .
I do not know , Little Brother .
right or no right , if Hathi had not spoken I would have taught that lame butcher his lesson .
Hathi went on .
they were lazy .
in those days the First of the Tigers ate fruit and grass with the others .
we were then , remember ye , one people .
now it is time there was a Law , and a Law that ye must not break .
wherever they touched him there was a mark and a stripe upon his yellow hide .
AND THOSE STRIPES DO THIS CHILDREN WEAR TO THIS DAY !
for a year he lived in the marshes waiting till Tha should keep his promise .
there is no Fear .
THEN he springs from behind and turns his head aside as he strikes , for he is full of fear .
if Man looked at him he would run .
but on his one Night he goes openly down to the village .
the deer grunted sorrowfully and Bagheera 's lips curled in a wicked smile .
Hathi dipped his trunk into the water as a sign that he did not wish to talk .
if I made a beginning there would never be an end to them .
THE LAW OF THE JUNGLE
the Kill of the Pack is the meat of the Pack .
the Kill of the Wolf is the meat of the Wolf .
Cub-Right is the right of the Yearling .
Cave-Right is the right of the Father to hunt by himself for his own .
he is freed of all calls to the Pack ; he is judged by the Council alone .
THE MIRACLE OF PURUN BHAGAT
our brother will not wake , And his own kind drive us away !
at the same time a native official must keep his own master 's favour .
that is to say , he held more real power than his master the Maharajah .
now he would let those things go , as a man drops the cloak he no longer needs .
Purun Dass nodded .
never have I seen such a man .
was he going to stay ? asked the priest .
was the food good ?
Purun Bhagat ate , and thanked the giver .
it was in his mind to stay .
that was sufficient , said the priest .
that day saw the end of Purun Bhagat 's wanderings .
he had come to the place appointed for him the silence and the space .
every morning the filled begging-bowl was laid silently in the crutch of the roots outside the shrine .
it was laid out like a map at his feet .
after the monkeys came the barasingh , that big deer which is like our red deer , but stronger .
yet nothing was farther from his mind than miracles .
there were few changes in the village .
the monkey caught his hand and pulled hard .
he lowered them in Purun Bhagat 's direction and stamped uneasily , hissing through his half-shut nostrils .
the mountain is falling .
his eye fell on the empty begging-bowl , and his face changed .
indeed , I must go and warn them below .
back there , Brother !
as soon as they were clear of the forest more of the Bhagat 's brothers joined them .
the hill is falling !
at last the deer stopped in the shadow of a deep pinewood , five hundred feet up the hillside .
that told its own tale .
they crouched under the pines and waited till the day .
and the villagers , one by one , crept through the wood to pray before their Bhagat .
a SONG OF KABIR
oh , light was the world that he weighed in his hands !
LETTING IN THE JUNGLE
men have cast me out .
he had just time to snatch up his paw as the skinning-knife cut deep into the ground below .
Mowgli looked on enviously .
Akela growled , dropping on his haunches .
but that day was cloudless and still .
Mowgli called .
Gray Brother answered .
Back and wait !
Mowgli shrieked .
Bagheera muttered under his whiskers .
men hunt in packs .
to kill one , unless we know what the others will do , is bad hunting .
WE know our own minds .
the old bear said nothing , but he thought many things .
Buldeo was muttering savagely .
Mowgli translated .
he says that he never saw such a trail in his life .
after that they would dispose of Messua and her husband , and divide their lands and buffaloes among the village .
Messua 's husband had some remarkably fine buffaloes , too .
THAT was all arranged , and the only thing now was to kill the Wolf-child .
they did not happen to have seen anything of such a creature ?
the Brahmin , he said , had given him a charm against the creature that made everything perfectly safe .
I cannot understand the talk .
I must look to this .
whatever they would do to Messua they will not do till Buldeo returns .
Gray Brother bared his white teeth in contempt .
go with them , Bagheera , and help make that song .
then Gray Brother gave the Ya-la-hi !
later on , he promised himself , he would pay his debts to the village at large .
To-night it is Messua and her man .
Mowgli knew the manners and customs of the villagers very fairly .
I was too rich .
Messua said timidly .
the man looked up gloomily , but Messua laughed .
but I do not think they will stay thee .
but first I will learn what they mean .
Buldeo was lying on the ground , coughing and groaning , and every one was asking him questions .
then he called for water .
talk , talk !
men are blood-brothers of the Bandar-log .
they are very wise people men .
they will leave no one to guard Messua till their ears are stuffed with Buldeo 's tales .
he shook himself and glided back to the hut .
just as he was at the window he felt a touch on his foot .
if we can get thither to-night , we live .
no man passes the gates to-night .
Messua 's husband was on his hands and knees digging up the earth in one corner of the hut .
the man stared angrily .
Mowgli whispered .
they nodded .
and there is no need to go quickly .
neither man nor beast shall stay you till you come within eye-shot of Khanhiwara .
Messua flung herself sobbing at Mowgli 's feet , but he lifted her very quickly with a shiver .
Mowgli laughed .
that call will follow up to Khanhiwara .
ask Buldeo if he liked the song .
is it killing at last ?
the singing and the sight of the men climbing up the trees have made me very ready .
I have followed him all day at noon in the white sunlight .
I herded him as the wolves herd buck .
I am Bagheera !
who shall stay my stroke ?
they will find that trap sprung .
let them find ME there !
few would leave their houses after meeting me .
Bagheera grunted .
Mowgli heard the strings of the cot crack under the great brute 's weight .
the Man-Pack shall not know what share I have in the sport .
make thine own hunt .
the conference under the peepul-tree had been growing noisier and noisier , at the far end of the village .
let us see if hot coins will make them confess !
burn the hut over their heads !
we will teach them to shelter wolf-devils !
Nay , beat them first !
here was some little difficulty with the catch of the door .
Bagheera was quite right ; the village would not stir till daylight .
Mowgli sat still , and thought , and his face grew darker and darker .
watch them now till the day .
when he waked , Bagheera was at his side , and there was a newly-killed buck at his feet .
they found a horse before midnight of the night they were freed , and went very quickly .
now , Little Brother , there is nothing more to do .
come hunting with me and Baloo .
the man and woman will not be put into the Red Flower , and all goes well in the Jungle .
is it not true ?
who can answer for the Silent One ?
I have a Master-word for him now .
he went away , leaving Mowgli stabbing furiously with his skinning-knife into the earth .
Hathi and his three sons had arrived , in their usual way , without a sound .
his three sons rolled side by side , behind their father .
and I remember now that he had three sons .
thou knowest the village of the Man-Pack that cast me out ?
when they are full-fed they would throw their own breed into the Red Flower .
it is not well that they should live here any more .
Bagheera shivered , and cowered down .
now he saw why Mowgli had sent for Hathi .
no one but the long-lived elephant could plan and carry through such a war .
drive in your peoples .
let the deer and the pig and the nilghai look to it .
let them go and find a fresh lair .
they cannot stay here .
only the smell of the new grass on their door-steps can take away that smell .
it burns in my mouth .
now I see .
thy war shall be our war .
we are cubs before thee !
Hathi and his sons are like Kaa , the Rock Python .
they never hurry till they have to .
very many creatures broke back or ran away or lost interest , but very many were left to go forward .
then the deer were coaxed no more .
before the dawn broke the pressure on the outside of the circle gave way at one point .
others , who were bolder , lay up in the thickets to finish their meal next night .
but the work was practically done .
when the villagers looked in the morning they saw their crops were lost .
when that last loss was discovered , it was the Brahmin 's turn to speak .
he knew that when the Jungle moves only white men can hope to turn it aside .
there was no need to ask his meaning .
but it is hard to tear a village from its moorings .
the unmarried men ran away first , and carried the news far and near that the village was doomed .
so their little commerce with the outside world shrunk as the trodden paths across the open grew fewer and fainter .
the crop on the ground and the seed in the ground had been taken .
it disappeared , and there was another crash , followed by a squeal .
MOWGLI'S SONG AGAINST PEOPLE
I have untied against you the club-footed vines , I have sent in the Jungle to swamp out your lines .
there was a quaver in it , a croak and a whine .
little creeks ran into the river in the wet season , but now their dry mouths hung clear above water-line .
that was the Ghaut of the village of Mugger-Ghaut .
a lumbering Adjutant-crane brought up the rear , flying as though each slow stroke would be his last .
he scratched himself under his left ear .
he could not see what was coming .
there was a soft grating sound , as though a boat had just touched in shoal water .
my tailless presumption , while waiting here , led me , indeed , to speak of thee .
others again are fat as young ja dogs .
never would I causelessly revile men .
men , women , and children I have no fault to find with them .
it was the wife of the sweetmeat-seller .
there is one very unpleasant peculiarity about the Adjutant .
at the last word of his song he came to attention again , ten times adjutaunter than before .
the Adjutant was a most notorious coward , but the Jackal was worse .
I am well contented with Fate .
a little made me very happy then .
I should have shaken off both shoes , but I was hungry .
I learned better later .
the mud is not a good place to fight in .
later , my Fate sent me the boatman who had desired to cut off my tail with an axe .
his empty boat went on and touched again below the next reach , as the river ran then .
this was hunting on a scale that impressed him .
MY people are otherwise .
their life is on the land , in the houses , among the cattle .
is there a green branch and an iron ring hanging over a doorway ?
is a maiden to be married ?
has the river changed its channel , and made new land where there was only sand before ?
the Mugger knows .
Oho ! the Mugger knows .
he feels the good mud with his bare toes .
the old Mugger sees and hears .
now they begin to quarrel !
now they say hot words !
now they pull turbans !
when he comes back the dispute is settled , as the iron-bound bamboo of the loser witnesses .
yet they are not grateful to the Mugger .
my people are good people upland Jats Malwais of the Bet .
they are old men with gray beards , and voices as deep as mine .
then do they haggle over the blood-money , for the dead was a strong man , leaving many sons .
those wore dainty seasons .
but to-day they keep their streets as clean as the outside of an egg , and my people fly away .
I might have known .
the white-faces do not dress their leather in the proper way .
the Mugger opened his left eye , and looked keenly at the Adjutant .
never have I felt such cold .
after the first pier was made they never thought to look down the stream for the body to burn .
there , again , I saved much trouble .
the Jackal looked at the Adjutant and the Adjutant looked at the Jackal .
is he there ?
when the bridge was finished he went away .
I crossed dusty roads ; I went through tall grass ; I climbed hills in the moonlight .
I was a month 's journey from my own people and the river that I knew .
how can I remember the precise degree ?
moreover , we eat the same food .
tell us , now , what happened when the good waters were reached after thy most wonderful land journey .
I got my girth in that season my girth and my depth .
he went off into his horrible dance again , while the Jackal looked on enviously .
he naturally could not remember the terrible year of the Mutiny they were talking about .
the Mugger continued :
there was never a gun fired at us , the watchers of the fords in those days .
all the guns were busy elsewhere .
we could hear them day and night inland , coming and going as the wind shifted .
it is a pretty thing to see how a child loves running water .
I had fed that day , but there was yet a little unfilled space within me .
still , it was for sport and not for food that I rose at the child 's hands .
they cried out one after another in the boat , and presently I rose again to watch them .
the boat was too heavy to push over .
never did I see such a thing .
one bullet had gone under a neck-plate of mine .
I know not if it is there still , for the reason I cannot turn my head .
look and see , child .
may my tail be bitten off by blind puppies if the shadow of such a thought has crossed my humble mind !
it was never said !
there never was a white woman !
there was no boat !
the river was empty for a while .
they came out of little creeks one after another , as the logs come down in the Rains .
I came to my village again , but I did not hope to see any of my people there .
I locked my jaws on that vow I said I would never go roving any more .
I am old now , but before I die it is my desire to try one new thing .
he yawned , and closed his jaws .
yet I have told HIM a hundred times of good things wallowing down-stream .
now he is going to sleep !
my office protects me .
iron hits iron up there !
it is a gun !
he has told me again and again there is nothing to fear from the white-faces .
they must be white-faces .
not a villager of Mugger-Ghaut would dare to come after him .
See , I said it was a gun !
now , with good luck , we shall feed before daylight .
a shiny barrel glittered for a minute in the moonlight on the girders .
better try behind the neck .
golly ! what a brute !
the villagers will be wild if he 's shot , though .
I 've been after him in a boat for weeks .
but the explosive bullets did the work .
he is certainly dead .
hi , you boatmen !
haul that head up the bank , and we 'll boil it for the skull .
come along to bed now .
Ripple-ripple round her waist , Clear the current eddied .
foolish heart and faithful hand , Little feet that touched no land .
far away the ripple sped , Ripple ripple running red !
THE KING'S ANKUS
Skin-changing always makes a snake moody and depressed till the new skin begins to shine and look beautiful .
Mowgli ran his hand down the diagonal checkerings of the immense back .
a new skin never comes to full colour before the first bath .
I touch thee here , Little Brother !
are thy hands numb ?
they lay still , soaking luxuriously in the cool water .
now , I could kill with my own hands , asking no help of buffaloes .
I have the Jungle , and the favour of the Jungle !
he that went away just now said nothing .
I give them their own path .
they carry death in the fore-tooth , and that is not good for they are so small .
Kaa rolled slowly in the water like a steamer in a beam sea .
Mowgli knew that Kaa was telling of the Monkey People .
I followed , and having killed , I slept .
Mowgli turned quickly on his side .
we two spoke together under the earth , and I spoke of thee , naming thee as a man .
I have never seen a White Hood , and I wish to see the other things .
as a wolf stands above meat he has taken to his own lair .
even the spectacle-marks of his spread hood had faded to faint yellow .
his eyes were as red as rubies , and altogether he was most wonderful .
the wolves are my people , and Kaa here is my brother .
Yonder are roots of the great trees tearing the stones apart .
little do men change in the years .
earth has no treasure like to these .
he is surely mad .
he let the gold pieces fall , and move forward .
the White Cobra was right .
but Mowgli naturally did not understand what these things meant .
at last he found something really fascinating laid on the front of a howdah half buried in the coins .
the White Cobra had been following him closely .
the White Cobra fairly shook with evil delight .
Mowgli picked up something white and smooth .
if thou wilt give me the ankus to take away , it is good hunting .
Kaa flung himself forward with blazing eyes .
I have but to touch thy neck , and the Jungle will know thee no longer .
but this can be done .
there is room for great sport here .
life is good .
Mowgli had been standing with the ankus held point down .
the red eyes burned , and the six spare inches of the head struck furiously right and left .
the White Cobra had outlived his poison , as a snake will .
we will go now .
it is Death !
remember , it is Death !
they will kill , and kill , and kill for its sake !
my strength is dried up , but the ankus will do my work .
it is Death !
it is Death !
there is always evil at Cold Lairs above ground or below .
but now I am hungry .
when Mowgli came to the White Cobra 's last words , the Panther purred approvingly .
Mowgli asked quickly .
wake again , Bagheera .
I have seen the like in the street of Oodeypore , before our cages .
he was getting a little tired of the weight of the ankus .
first it was Messua 's blood on the thongs , and now it is Hathi 's .
I will use it no more .
the ankus flew sparkling , and buried itself point down thirty yards away , between the trees .
Mowgli could hear him snuffing in the half light .
if the pointed thing is Death , that man will die .
Mowgli asked .
they went on over some wet ground .
then Mowgli ran up and looked .
here he dragged his bow on the grass .
that is why the first trail turned aside so quickly .
now I hide me behind a rock and stand still , not daring to shift my feet .
it slips , for here is a scratch upon the stone .
it is plain now .
seeing no one , I run .
I , Big Foot , run swiftly .
the trail is clear .
let each follow his own .
Bagheera swept on along the clearly-marked trail , and Mowgli followed the steps of the Gond .
for some time there was silence in the Jungle .
good hunting look !
neither spoke till the trail ran up to the ashes of a camp-fire hidden in a ravine .
they do not go so quickly as Gonds .
Bagheera , let us go back .
Bagheera , a little to his left , made an indescribable noise in his throat .
a tumbled bundle of gay-coloured clothes lay under a bush , and round it was some spilt flour .
close to the fire , and blazing in the sunshine , lay the ruby-and-turquoise ankus .
a Jungle-dweller gets to learn by experience as much as many doctors know of poisonous plants and berries .
between us two it can do no wrong , for we do not desire what men desire .
they are only men .
but first we must sleep , and we cannot sleep near these sleepers .
it returns , then .
I said the thing was Death .
that thing has killed six times in a night .
THE SONG OF THE LITTLE HUNTER
he will be a strong dog .
for six months of those nine it is dark ; and that is what makes it so horrible .
now that his father had named a puppy for him , things looked brighter .
if the puppy had not had an iron constitution he would have died from over-stuffing and over-handling .
it was a sad time for the puppy .
then they fight , and the result is more mixed than a wet fishing-line next morning .
a great deal of trouble can be avoided by scientific use of the whip .
going home was the heavy work .
all an Inuit has to do is to get food and skins for himself and his family .
if the supply fails there is no one up there to buy or beg or borrow from .
the people must die .
but one terrible winter everything betrayed them .
but it was an early and savage autumn .
he never knows when his own turn may come to beg .
Amoraq took the girl , who was about fourteen , into her own house as a sort of servant .
one could tell by the soap-stone lamps in the huts that famine was near .
the horror of famine up there in the great cold is not so much dying , as dying in the dark .
Kotuko patted him , but the dog still pushed blindly forward , fawning .
then Kadlu waked , and gripped the heavy wolf-like head , and stared into the glassy eyes .
the dog whimpered and shivered between Kadlu 's knees .
Kotuko the dog lifted his nose and howled and howled again .
Kadlu shrugged one shoulder a little , and crossed the hut for his short stabbing-harpoon .
his trouble was not hydrophobia , but simple , plain madness .
after that no one would take the dogs out again .
that was enough for Kotuko .
then the angekok , the village sorcerer , came in , and Kotuko told him the tale a second time .
it lost nothing in the telling .
they will show him open ice .
when they had slept , the march began again thirty miles a day to get ten miles northward .
the girl looked where Kotuko pointed , and something seemed to slip into a ravine .
they may be pleasant or unpleasant things , but not even the sorcerers care to speak about Quiquern .
he makes the dogs go mad .
Kotuko and the girl huddled into their hut quickly .
there was nothing else to do .
will your tornaq do nothing ?
he began to sing in the high-pitched howl of the magic songs , and the gale went down slowly .
it was almost as delicately adjusted as a compass-needle , and now instead of listening they watched .
the girl pointed at the rod , and shook her head .
when they kneeled this time they heard the most curious muffled grunts and knockings , apparently under their feet .
the tornaq has cheated us .
all this may sound absurd enough , but the two were face to face with a very real danger .
the gale was evidently a spring gale sent out of time , and anything was possible .
yet the two were happier in their minds than before .
if the floe broke up there would be no more waiting and suffering .
Kotuko leaped forward wildly , dragging the girl after him , and crawled to the bottom of the mound .
in the middle of his wild sayings the girl began to laugh , and rock herself backward and forward .
Kotuko the dog was one , and the black leader was the other .
when the black leader ran off , you remember , his harness was still on him .
they were very sober .
Kotuko ran a hand down their ribs , which were round and well clothed .
my tornaq sent these .
let us sleep .
nothing , they felt , could alter that .
Kotuko and the girl told their tale .
now the new seal-holes are not two days distant .
let the good hunters go to-morrow and bring back the seal I have speared twenty-five seal buried in the ice .
the girl turned her hands palm upward , with a little despairing shake of her head .
she was a foreigner , picked up starving , and could bring nothing to the housekeeping .
I sang all the long nights , and called upon the Spirit of the Reindeer .
we raised our lance when he rose to breathe , We drove it downward so !
and the loaded dog-teams go , And the wives can hear their men come back .
back from the edge of the floe !
for the rush through the mist , and the quarry blind-started !
for the sleep at the lair-mouth by day , It is met , and we go to the fight .
but we must tell one tale at a time .
those were days of good hunting and good sleeping .
the Four stopped at once , bristling and growling .
Phao and Akela were on the Rock together , and below them , every nerve strained , sat the others .
it was no wolf of the Pack , for they were all at the Rock .
Won-tolla means an Outlier one who lies out from any Pack .
then he panted , and they could see his heart-beats shake him backward and forward .
they came north from the south saying the Dekkan was empty and killing out by the way .
he thrust out his mangled fore-foot , all dark with dried blood .
there were cruel bites low down on his side , and his throat was torn and worried .
Phao heard his teeth crack on a haunch-bone and grunted approvingly .
but , as men live , thou hast very many more nights and days , Little Brother .
he is a dog and the pup of a dog red , yellow-bellied , lairless , and haired between every toe !
it is good hunting !
the Pack answered with one deep , crashing bark that sounded in the night like a big tree falling .
Else I should have heard the pheeal .
I came hot-foot to thee .
let the Wolf look to the Dog .
I called the River and the Trees to remember .
the Trees know , the River knows .
this changes all trails .
if we die , we die .
it will be most good hunting .
but my stomach is young , and I have not seen many Rains .
I am not wise nor strong .
ere Hathi cast his milk-tushes my trail was big in the dust .
what will be is no more than a forgotten year striking backward .
I am again Kaa .
I knew it was but a little time .
I go swiftly .
Kaa moved up-stream again till he came to a sandy bar at the head of the gorge .
on the bank lay the skeletons of a couple of young deer and a buffalo .
those who did not leap died also in the rocks above .
Mowgli repeated slowly .
Ho ! ho !
there is now only the little matter of the run and the leap .
it is all rotten ground , cut and full of holes .
one of thy clumsy feet set down without seeing would end the hunt .
when Kaa disliked an acquaintance he could be more unpleasant than any of the Jungle People , except perhaps Bagheera .
he swam down-stream , and opposite the Rock he came on Phao and Akela listening to the night noises .
I have put big stones one above the other by the side of three gullies .
I will play with the dhole at twilight , for the dhole hunts best by day .
for an answer Mowgli stretched down one naked leg and wriggled his bare toes just above the leader 's head .
that was enough , and more than enough , to wake the Pack to stupid rage .
those who have hair between their toes do not care to be reminded of it .
go back to the Dekkan and eat lizards .
he twiddled his toes a second time .
when you come to think of it you will see how this must be so .
that was all he needed .
after three or four hours he waked and counted the Pack .
they were all there , silent , husky , and dry , with eyes of steel .
the sun was beginning to sink .
ye be true dholes , but to my thinking over much of one kind .
for that reason I do not give the big lizard-eater his tail again .
ye will not go ?
the Pack instinctively rushed after it .
all his trouble was to keep them sufficiently hot behind him to prevent their turning off too soon .
so he kept his distance by ear , reserving his last effort for the rush across the Bee Rocks .
Kaa held Mowgli fast till the boy had recovered his breath .
swimming low and diving as often as he could , Mowgli went down the river , knife in hand .
Mowgli sank again .
to remain ashore was death , and every dhole knew it .
Mowgli could hear the voice of the tailless leader bidding his people hold on and kill out every wolf in Seeonee .
but he did not waste his time in listening .
they have chased us far .
now I , too , turn back , for I am not of one skin with any wolf .
then they saw their mistake .
they should have landed half a mile higher up , and rushed the wolves on dry ground .
now it was too late .
the Four had worried their way to his side .
Mowgli felt that the end was coming soon , and contented himself with striking merely to cripple .
he was bleeding from a score of flesh-wounds .
and indeed it was the big bay-coloured leader .
they have slain the Lone Wolf !
Akela gasped .
all debts are paid now .
go to thine own people .
I will hunt alone in the Jungle .
go back to thy people .
these were my companions going forth by night ( for Chil !
here 's an end of every trail they shall not speak again !
here 's an end of every trail they shall not follow more .
these were my companions .
here 's an end of every trail and here my hosts are fed .
Man goes to Man !
cry the challenge through the Jungle !
he that was our Brother goes away .
Man goes to Man !
Man goes to Man !
to the Man-Trail where we may not follow more .
he could stop a young buck in mid-gallop and throw him sideways by the head .
he could even jerk over the big , blue wild boars that lived in the Marshes of the North .
and yet the look in his eyes was always gentle .
he asked Mowgli about it , and the boy laughed and said .
when I must go empty for two days I am very angry .
Bagheera knew his master .
the Time of New Talk is near .
that leaf knows .
he seemed to be thinking of other things .
Bagheera rolled over hurriedly and sat up , the dust on his ragged black flanks .
who is so strong as Mowgli ?
I did not know that the Man-cub no longer lay upon the ground .
Mowgli sat with his elbows on his knees , looking out across the valley at the daylight .
Mowgli spoke rather savagely .
how was it last season , when I would gather sugar-cane from the fields of a Man-Pack ?
no , he was trumpeting and running and roaring through the valleys in the moonlight .
his trail was like the trail of three elephants , for he would not hide among the trees .
he danced in the moonlight before the houses of the Man-Pack .
Mowgli 's bad temper seemed to have boiled itself away .
he lay back with his head on his arms , his eyes shut .
my stomach is heavy in me .
in an Indian Jungle the seasons slide one into the other almost without division .
one cannot explain this , but it feels so .
up to this year Mowgli had always delighted in the turn of the seasons .
but that spring , as he told Bagheera , his stomach was changed in him .
the two baffed under Mowgli 's nose so close that a pinch of downy white feathers brushed away .
I have hunted too easily too long .
he called , but never one of the Four answered .
at this he shook all over with rage , and half drew his knife .
and these be only tail-wolves in the Pack , little hunters !
all green things seemed to have made a month 's growth since the morning .
the branch that was yellow-leaved the day before dripped sap when Mowgli broke it .
forgetting his unhappiness , Mowgli sang aloud with pure delight as he settled into his stride .
this time Mowgli was frightened .
Akela , or even Phao , would have silenced them ; yet Mowgli was afraid .
but what do they care in the Jungle ?
they sing and howl and fight , and run in companies under the moon , and I Hai-mai !
he was so sorry for himself that he nearly wept .
he said ....y
it is only the hairless wolf of the Seeonee Pack .
he stretched a hand to break one of the feathery reeds , but drew it back with a sigh .
let us go beyond the swamp and see what comes .
never have I run such a spring running hot and cold together .
Mowgli watched him puff and blow with eyes that never changed .
but I will go and look at this village .
yes , I will go .
he looked at it between his half-shut hands .
the marsh ended in a broad plain where a light twinkled .
the door of the hut opened , and a woman stood peering out into the darkness .
it was but a jackal that waked the dogs .
Mowgli in the grass began to shake as though he had fever .
she had half shut the door , and her hand was clutching at her breast .
it is a Godling of the Woods !
Messua murmured .
we owe our lives to thee .
I saw this light , and came hither .
Mowgli pointed to the child .
what do I know of the thing called a blessing ?
Mowgli smiled a little at the idea of anything in the Jungle hurting him .
Mowgli sat down , muttering , with his face in his hands .
Messua laughed softly and happily .
the look in his face was enough for her .
Messua laughed , and set the evening meal before him .
the smell of the dew in the marshes made him hungry and restless .
the child was crying because the man with the shiny knife was going away .
it was but last night .
I ran from all the others and followed hot-foot .
Gray Brother dropped out of sight at once , and Mowgli backed noiselessly into a field of high-springing crops .
Mowgli parted the stalks with his hands and watched her till she was out of sight .
Mowgli whispered .
Gray Brother was silent .
they cut thy mouth with stones .
they sent Buldeo to slay thee .
they would have thrown thee into the Red Flower .
I speak for the Three .
go before and cry them all to the Council Rock , and I will tell them what is in my stomach .
when I turn my head it is as though one had hidden himself from me that instant .
I go to look behind the trees and he is not there .
I lie down , but I do not rest .
I run the spring running , but I am not made still .
I bathe , but I am not made cool .
I said it .
but who listens now to Baloo ?
Mowgli stammered .
I would not go ; but I am drawn by both feet .
there is neither word nor will here to hold thee back .
who may question the Master of the Jungle ?
all debts are paid now .
he licked Mowgli 's foot .
go now ; but first come to me .
and this is the last of the Mowgli stories .
wood and Water , Wind and Tree , Jungle-Favour go with thee !
anger is the egg of Fear Only lidless eyes are clear .
even so with Cobra-speech .
open talk shall call to thee Strength , whose mate is Courtesy .
send no lunge beyond thy length ; Lend no rotten bough thy strength .
East and West and North and South , Wash thy hide and close thy mouth .
wood and Water , Wind and Tree , Jungle-Favour go with thee !
in the cage my life began ; Well I know the worth of Man .
Scenting-dew or starlight pale , Choose no tangled tree-cat trail .
Pack or council , hunt or den , Cry no truce with Jackal-Men .
wood and Water , Wind and Tree , Jungle-Favour go with thee !
WHY GRANDFATHER FROG HAS NO TAIL
HOW REDDY FOX WAS SURPRISED
WHY JIMMY SKUNK WEARS STRIPES
V THE WILFUL LITTLE BREEZE
REDDY FOX GOES FISHING
JIMMY SKUNK LOOKS FOR BEETLES
BILLY MINK'S SWIMMING PARTY
PETER RABBIT PLAYS A JOKE
x . HOW SAMMY JAY WAS FOUND OUT
JERRY MUSKRAT'S PARTY
BOBBY COON AND REDDY FOX PLAY TRICKS
JOHNNY CHUCK FINDS THE BEST THING IN THE WORLD
LITTLE JOE OTTER'S SLIPPERY SLIDE
THE TALE OF TOMMY TROUT WHO DIDN'T MIND
SPOTTY THE TURTLE WINS A RACE
they found Johnny Chuck sitting just outside his door eating his breakfast .
another playfully pulled his whiskers , while a third rumpled up his hair .
and if they teased Johnny Chuck they were good to him , too .
it was Tommy Brown , the farmer 's boy .
of course Tommy ran after it .
just as he stooped to pick it up another little Breeze ran away with it .
CHAPTER II WHY GRANDFATHER FROG HAS NO TAIL
he wore a green coat and his voice was very deep .
when Grandfather Frog spoke everybody listened very respectfully .
Down in the Smiling Pool were some of Grandfather Frog 's grandchildren .
you wouldn't have known that they were his grandchildren unless some one told you .
they didn't look the least bit like Grandfather Frog .
they were round and fat and had long tails and perhaps this is why they were called Pollywogs .
Billy Mink , who had joined the Merry Little Breezes and was listening , squirmed uneasily and looked away guiltily .
every day the King grew more vain .
every time he looked his tail had grown shorter and smaller .
old Grandfather Frog stopped and looked sadly at a foolish green fly coming his way .
when he sat down again on his big lily pad the green fly was nowhere to be seen .
grandfather Frog smacked his lips and continued :
CHAPTER III HOW REDDY FOX WAS SURPRISED
Johnny Chuck and Reddy Fox lived very near together on the edge of the Green Meadows .
Reddy Fox was slim and wore a bright red coat .
but Johnny was like some little boys I know , and forgot all he had been told .
he walked and walked and walked .
and every time when he reached it Johnny Chuck found that he had made a mistake .
so Johnny Chuck walked and walked and walked .
Johnny Chuck pretended not to hear and just walked faster .
one of the Merry Little Breezes danced along in front of him .
why , he curled right up in the nice sweet clover and went fast asleep .
Johnny Chuck didn't know anything about them : he was fast asleep .
Johnny Chuck opened his eyes .
then he sat up and rubbed them .
for just a few , few minutes he couldn't remember where he was at all .
everything was different .
Johnny Chuck was lost .
Johnny Chuck had been so intent looking for home that he didn't see anything else .
Reddy Fox stole right up behind Johnny and pulled Johnny 's little short tail hard .
now , Reddy Fox got as big a surprise as Johnny had had when Reddy pulled his tail .
it surprised Reddy Fox so that he didn't know what to do , and he simply ran .
Peter Rabbit just happened to be down that way .
Ho ! ho !
when he came to his own house he stopped and sat on his hind legs once more .
and this is the way that Reddy Fox was surprised and that Johnny Chuck found his way home .
CHAPTER IV WHY JIMMY SKUNK WEARS STRIPES
Jimmy Skunk , as everybody knows , wears a striped suit , a suit of black and white .
there was a time , long , long ago , when all the Skunk family wore black .
now this Jimmy Skunk was very proud and thought himself very much of a gentleman .
he was very independent and cared for no one .
happy Jack Squirrel would bring her the news every afternoon .
poor little Mrs Grouse was heart-broken .
all about the foot of the Great Pine lay the empty shells of her beautiful eggs .
they had been broken and scattered this way and that .
I managed to get away and fly up in the top of the Great Pine .
Peter Rabbit looked the ground over very carefully .
then he hopped off down the Lone Little Path to the Green Meadows .
he stopped at the house of Johnny Chuck .
together they went to Jimmy Skunk 's house .
Jimmy Skunk was in bed .
Peter Rabbit told him what he had seen .
Peter Rabbit and Johnny Chuck went on .
pretty soon they met the Merry Little Breezes and told them the dreadful story .
old Dame Nature listened very attentively .
they did not dare to disobey her .
promptly at four o'clock that afternoon all the meadow folks were gathered around the foot of the Great Pine .
first she asked little Mrs Grouse to tell her story all over again that all might hear .
then each in turn was asked to tell where he had been the night before .
Bobby Coon had been down in Farmer Brown 's cornfield .
Hooty the Owl had been hunting in the lower end of the Green Meadows .
Peter Rabbit had been down in the berry patch .
I saw Peter Rabbit down in the berry patch .
every one was looking very hard at Jimmy Skunk .
no one seemed to know at first .
then Peter Rabbit spoke up .
Jimmy Skunk hung his head .
he hadn't a word to say .
he just wanted to sneak away by himself .
CHAPTER V THE WILFUL LITTLE BREEZE
she had had a very busy day .
he kissed the sleepy daisies .
he shook the nodding buttercups .
then she started on towards her home behind the Purple Hills .
the sleepy daisies didn't want to play .
the nodding buttercups were cross .
black shadows came creeping , creeping out into the Green Meadows .
so he started across the Green Meadows to find the Purple Hills .
and he couldn't go to sleep .
then down the Lone Little Path which ran close to the bayberry bush trotted Reddy Fox .
it was plain to see that Reddy Fox was bent on mischief .
when he reached the bayberry bush Reddy Fox sat down and barked twice .
Hooty the Owl answered him at once and flew over to join him .
it made the willful little Breeze shiver to see them .
pretty soon they started on towards the Brown Pasture .
when they were out of sight the willful little Breeze jumped up and shook himself .
then away he sped across the Green Meadows to the Brown Pasture .
and because he could go faster and because he went a shorter way he got there first .
the willful little Breeze shook Mr Bob White very gently .
in an instant he was wide awake .
Hooty the Owl was flying as silently as a shadow .
CHAPTER VI REDDY FOX GOES FISHING
Hoppity , skip , skippity hop !
Reddy felt very much pleased with himself that sunny morning .
pretty soon he saw Johnny Chuck sitting up very straight close by the little house where he lives .
Johnny Chuck , Chuck , Chuck !
Johnny Chuck pretended not to hear .
his mother had told him not to play with Reddy Fox , for Reddy Fox was a bad boy .
this time Johnny turned and looked .
he could see Reddy Fox turning somersaults and chasing his tail and rolling over and over in the little path .
so Reddy Fox went down to the Laughing Brook all alone .
the Brook was laughing and singing on its way to join the Big River .
the sky was blue and the sun was bright .
Reddy Fox jumped on the Big Rock in the middle of the Laughing Brook and peeped over the other side .
what do you think he saw ?
and all the little Trouts laughed at Reddy Fox .
when Billy Mink saw all those little Trouts playing in the Dear Little Pool he laughed .
Billy Mink had dived head first into the Dear Little Pool .
you 're afraid , Reddy Fox !
Billy Mink shook the water off of his little brown coat , picked up the little Trout and ran off home .
Reddy Fox lay down again on the Big Rock and peeped into the Dear Little Pool .
Reddy Fox watched and watched .
why , Reddy Fox went fast asleep on the edge of the great Big Rock .
Reddy Fox had rolled right off of the Big Rock into the Dear Little Pool .
Reddy Fox didn't say a word , he was so ashamed .
Johnny Chuck was still sitting by his door as his mother had told him to .
Reddy Fox tried to go past without being seen , but Johnny Chuck 's bright little eyes saw him .
but Reddy Fox just walked faster .
and this is all I am going to tell you about how Reddy Fox went fishing .
CHAPTER VII JIMMY SKUNK LOOKS FOR BEETLES
Jimmy Skunk opened his eyes very early one morning and peeped out of his snug little house on the hill .
first he went down to the Green Meadows and stopped at Johnny Chuck 's house .
but Johnny Chuck was still in bed and fast asleep .
he walked very slowly , for Jimmy Skunk never hurries .
he stopped and peeped under every old log to see if there were any beetles .
Jimmy Skunk took hold of one edge with his two little black paws and pulled and pulled .
pretty soon he met Peter Rabbit hopping along down the Crooked Little Path .
so he turned about and hopped ahead of Jimmy Skunk up the Crooked Little Path .
so Jimmy Skunk got ready and Peter Rabbit began to count .
Peter Rabbit was still laughing and laughing and laughing .
then Peter Rabbit stopped laughing , for Mr Black Snake can run very fast .
CHAPTER VIII BILLY MINK'S SWIMMING PARTY
Billy Mink was coming down the bank of the Laughing Brook .
Billy Mink was feeling very good indeed .
Billy Mink felt like singing too , but Billy Mink 's voice was not meant for singing .
here the Laughing Brook stopped and rested on its way to join the Big River .
it stopped its noisy laughing and singing and just lay smiling and smiling in the warm sunshine .
the little flowers on the bank leaned over and nodded to it .
the beech tree , which was very old , sometimes dropped a leaf into it .
the cat-tails kept their feet cool in the edge of it .
Billy Mink jumped out on the Big Rock and looked down into the Smiling Pool .
over on a green lily pad he saw old Grandfather Frog .
Just then Billy Mink saw a little brown head swimming along one edge of the Smiling Pool .
they upset old Grandfather Frog so that he fell off his lily pad .
and what do you think ?
he went into the Smiling Pool .
Blacky the Crow and Sammy Jay flew over to see what was going on .
so they all stood side by side on one edge of the Smiling Pool .
Sammy Jay 's sharp eyes saw him .
so then Grandfather Frog popped his head out and swam over to his green lily pad to rest .
they showed just where Billy Mink , Little Joe Otter and Jerry Muskrat were swimming way down out of sight .
it was the air from their lungs making the bubbles .
they were Billy Mink and Little Joe Otter .
a moment later Jerry Muskrat bobbed up beside them .
so Billy Mink 's swimming party was a great success .
CHAPTER IX PETER RABBIT PLAYS A JOKE
something hit Johnny Chuck right on the top of his round little head .
it made Johnny Chuck jump .
he was just in time to see Happy Jack Squirrel drop a nut .
down it came and hit Johnny Chuck right on the tip of his funny , black , little nose .
then they both laughed together .
it was such a good joke .
it was Peter Rabbit .
So Johnny Chuck and Peter Rabbit set out along the Lone Little Path through the wood .
he whispered in Johnny Chuck 's ear .
pretty soon they came to a nice mossy green log right across the Lone Little Path .
Peter Rabbit stopped and sat up very straight .
he looked this way and looked that way .
then he turned around and sat up to see Johnny Chuck jump over the mossy green log , too .
Peter Rabbit laughed and laughed until he had to hold his sides .
Reddy Fox didn't stop to look around .
he thought that Peter Rabbit had jumped on him .
pretty soon Peter Rabbit came to the house of Jimmy Skunk .
Reddy Fox sat down and waited , but Peter Rabbit didn't come out .
all this time Johnny Chuck had sat very still , watching Reddy Fox try to catch Peter Rabbit .
CHAPTER X HOW SAMMY JAY WAS FOUND OUT
then she went on across the Green Meadows .
Poor Happy Jack !
soon he came dancing along with another nut to put in the hollow of the old chestnut tree .
then he climbed in and sure enough , the hollow was empty .
Poor Happy Jack !
there were tears in his eyes when he crept out again .
and because every one liked Happy Jack , every one felt very sorry indeed for him .
down it fell bumpity-bump on the branches of the Great Pine .
after it fell what do you think ?
why , hickory nuts and chestnuts and acorns and hazel nuts , such a lot of them !
but Sammy Jay didn't stop .
CHAPTER XI JERRY MUSKRAT'S PARTY
some flew this way and some ran that way and some danced the other way .
of course every one said that they would be delighted to go to Jerry Muskrat 's party .
round Mr Sun shone his very brightest .
when they reached the Smiling Pool they found Jerry Muskrat all ready .
his brothers and his sister , his aunts and his uncles and his cousins were all there .
such a merry , merry time as there was in the Smiling Pool !
Billy Mink and Little Joe Otter and Grandfather Frog jumped right in as soon as they got there .
they played tag in the water and hid behind the Big Rock .
they turned somersaults down the slippery slide and they had such a good time !
so of course they didn't have a good time .
soon they began to wish that they hadn't come to Jerry Muskrat 's party .
Just then Little Joe Otter came pushing a great big log across the Smiling Pool .
across the Smiling Pool they went and back again .
then Jerry Muskrat found another log and gave Peter Rabbit a ride .
all the little Breezes blew and blew and Happy Jack Squirrel sailed round and round the Smiling Pool .
in the bushes around the Smiling Pool the little birds sang and sang .
Reddy Fox barked his loudest .
all the muskrats squealed and squeaked , for Jerry Muskrat 's party was such fun !
CHAPTER XII BOBBY COON AND REDDY FOX PLAY TRICKS
it was night .
all the little stars were looking down and twinkling and twinkling .
mother Moon was doing her best to make the Green Meadows as light as Mr Sun did in the daytime .
it was oh so still !
Bobby Coon turned around very quickly indeed , for he had thought he was all alone .
there was Reddy Fox himself , trotting down the Lone Little Path through the wood .
So Bobby Coon and Reddy Fox walked together down the Lone Little Path through the wood to the Green Meadows .
pretty soon they came to the house of Johnny Chuck .
they all listened and they could hear Johnny Chuck snoring away down in his snug little bed .
Jimmy Skunk pretended not to see what they were doing .
but Jimmy Skunk didn't go .
he watched Reddy Fox and Bobby Coon until they were nearly to the Laughing Brook .
but Johnny Chuck just snored .
but Johnny Chuck just snored .
but Jimmy Skunk soon told him who had filled up his doorway with the big stone .
Jimmy Skunk walked slowly up the Lone Little Path to the wood , for Jimmy Skunk never hurries .
now of course Jimmy Skunk knew all the time , but he pretended he didn't .
CHAPTER XIII JOHNNY CHUCK FINDS THE BEST THING IN THE WORLD
so Striped Chipmunk started down the Lone Little Path through the wood as fast as he could run .
pretty soon he met Peter Rabbit .
as they passed the great hollow tree Bobby Coon put his head out .
at the edge of the wood they met Jimmy Skunk .
then they all tried to run faster .
Striped Chipmunk hadn't found a single nut .
Peter Rabbit hadn't found so much as the leaf of a cabbage .
Bobby Coon hadn't found the tiniest bit of sweet milky corn .
Jimmy Skunk hadn't seen a single beetle .
Reddy Fox hadn't heard so much as the peep of a chicken .
CHAPTER XIV LITTLE JOE OTTER'S SLIPPERY SLIDE
they had played tag with the Merry Little Breezes .
they had been in all kinds of mischief and now they just didn't know what to do .
they were sitting side by side on the Big Rock trying to push each other off into the Smiling Pool .
Little Joe Otter just looked wise and said nothing .
Just then Little Joe Otter spied Jerry Muskrat .
Jerry Muskrat swam across to the Big Rock and climbed up beside Billy Mink and Little Joe Otter .
even Grandfather Frog came over and tried the slippery slide .
Johnny Chuck , over in the Green Meadows , heard the noise and stole down the Lone Little Path to see .
Reddy Fox , taking a nap , woke up and hurried over to watch the fun .
Little Joe Otter saw him coming .
now Peter Rabbit couldn't swim , but he pretended that he didn't want to .
Peter Rabbit kept coming nearer and nearer until finally he stood right at the top of the slippery slide .
Billy Mink crept up behind him very softly and gave him a push .
Poor Peter Rabbit !
Billy Mink swam out and took hold of the other long ear .
Jerry Muskrat swam right under Peter Rabbit and took him on his back .
then they all sat down together and watched Little Joe Otter turn a somersault down the slippery slide .
CHAPTER XV THE TAIL OF TOMMY TROUT WHO DID NOT MIND
Tommy Trout never could mind right away .
he always had to wait a little instead of minding when he was spoken to .
Tommy Trout didn't mean to be bad .
oh dear , no !
all the little Trouts were playing in their dear little pool , safe behind the Big Rock .
as soon as Mrs Trout had started , Tommy Trout swam off by himself to the edge of the pool .
he swam just a little speck of a ways farther still .
now he could see almost around the Big Rock .
and nothing more was ever heard of Tommy Trout , who didn't mind .
CHAPTER XVI SPOTTY THE TURTLE WINS A RACE
you see , Peter Rabbit had been boasting of how fast he could run .
Reddy Fox was quite sure that he could run faster than Peter Rabbit .
now Grandfather Frog was accounted very wise .
each in turn told why he thought he was the fastest .
it was a beautiful summer day .
now Spotty the Turtle is a very slow walker , and he cannot run at all .
they all agreed that Spotty the Turtle should start in the race too .
but he didn't even know that Spotty the Turtle was there .
the Merry Little Breezes flew along , too , to see that the race was fair .
Peter Rabbit went with great big jumps .
not one of them noticed that Spotty the Turtle was hanging fast to the end of Reddy 's tail .
it wasn't very wide but it was quite long .
he himself can swim even faster than he can run .
so Billy Mink ran slower and slower , and pretty soon he had dropped behind .
Mr Sun , round and red , looking down , smiled and smiled to see the race .
Reddy Fox began to feel very thirsty , and his tongue hung out .
now that Billy Mink was behind them they thought they did not need to hurry so .
Peter Rabbit reached the little pond first .
he had not thought of that pond when he agreed to enter the race .
he stopped right on the edge of it and sat up on his hind legs .
in just a moment Reddy Fox ran out of the bushes and Reddy felt much as Peter Rabbit did .
Peter Rabbit looked at Reddy Fox in dismay , and Reddy Fox looked at Peter Rabbit in dismay .
then they both looked at Billy Mink and remembered that Billy Mink could swim right across .
they were so excited that neither noticed a little splash in the pond .
the rest of the time he swam under water and no one but the Merry Little Breezes saw him .
now there were just three nuts left under the hickory trees .
two of these Spotty took down to the edge of the pond and buried in the mud .
just as he reached the other shore up trotted Billy Mink , but Billy Mink didn't see Spotty .
he didn't have to hurry now , because he felt sure that the race was his .
so he swam round and round and chased some fish and had a beautiful time in the water .
they both looked tired and hot and discouraged .
but where were the nuts ?
Billy Mink ran this way and ran that way .
then they , too , began to look under the leaves and under the bark .
they were tired and cross and hot and they accused Billy Mink of having hidden the nuts .
old Grandfather Frog was so surprised that he actually let a great green fly buzz right past his nose .
he did !
